I enjoy being a memver of Comfort Keepers because I get to enrisch peoples lives on a daily basis and know I 'm actually making a difference bringing...
I enjoy being a member of Comfort Keepers because they work with my availability., I have clients that look forward to me coming and they give me room...
I like being a part of the Comfort Keepers team because I get the privilege of meeting new people and taking care of those who need as well as working...
I just want to thank you both so much for your help in getting Comfort Keepers started for my in-laws. More importantly, this has been a big turning...
Comfort Keepers is proud to offer outstanding in home care for seniors living in and around Garwood, ID
For many seniors, retirement means no longer having to go to work and the chance to relax and enjoy their remaining years. Sadly, for many, it means being left alone in the world and struggling to take care of themselves and their homes. If you find yourself at this point in life, there is no shame in admitting that you need help. At Comfort Keepers, we offer an incredibly diverse range of in home care services in Garwood, ID designed to help you stay in your home rather than moving into a nursing home or assisted living facility.
Our caregivers have been selected for their skills and willingness to provide each of their clients with a wide range of personal care and homemaking services to their clients. Not only do they provide these services, but they do so in a friendly and personalized manner. Among the many in home care services our experts offer include:
One of the most important aspects of our elderly care programs is that they are among the most flexible in the nation. Most other providers have set plans that you must choose from, whether they meet your needs or not. With Comfort Keepers, you are in charge of how often our caregivers come to your home. You can choose from as little as a few hours a week all the way up to full-time 24-hour around the clock care by a team of caregivers.
Our mission is to provide each of our clients with the ideal mix of personal care, homemaking services, and companionship without you ever feeling as though you are giving up your independence. When you need help, let us be the only ones you call.
If you are ready to learn more about the many services available through our in home care in Garwood, ID, please contact us at (208) 357-4295. One of our senior advisors can take your call 24/7 and answer your questions before scheduling your free in home consultation with an advisor who will work with you to create the perfect care plan.
Comfort Keepers of Coeur d'Alene, ID proudly provides services to seniors throughout Benewah County, Bonner County, Boundary County, Kootenal County & Shoshone County:
Comfort Keepers adheres to the principles of truth in advertising, and all information accurately represents the organizations scope of services provided, licenses, price claims or testimonials. Comfort Keepers is an equal opportunity employer.
Tri par défaut Tri par popularité Tri par notes moyennes Tri par nouveauté Tri par tarif croissant Tri par tarif décroissant
The above photo of PTI-er and blog despiser Michael Wilbon and Girl Next Door Kendra was taken last night at a post-Lakers after party by p*rn star and blogger, Christian, from HIS personal blog Christian Sings The Blues (NSFW), which he describes as "My Strange Life Within the Adult Film Business: Experiences, Thoughts, and Comments on My Daily Activities". Fun. Last night, he apparently had a great time celebrating the Lakers victory with some of his friends at Hollywood's club Les Deux.
After about an hour or so, I noticed some familiar faces standing close to our table, but they were getting bumped and jostled in the throng of clubgoers. So of course since it was not my table, nor did I pay a single cent for the alcohol there, I invited them in to join us! lol. It was Jon Barry, an ex-NBA player turned analyst, Michael Wilbon, host of the popular show on ESPN "Pardon the Interruption" and J.A. Adande, ESPN.com and LA Times sports writer. (By the way, I am calling you out Bill Simmons....quit avoiding me, you are going to be in a pic with me in this blog by Dec 31....it's not a choice! so stop stalling)
The non-call that ended the Panthers' win over the Patriots was a bad call. Not a historically terrible one, in a vacuum: worse missed penalties and more egregious undeserved flags happen every week in the NFL. But on the last play of the game, a supremely entertaining slugfest between two Super Bowl contenders, players and viewers deserved better than a judgment call that rewarded Luke Kuechly for mauling Rob Gronkowski.
Let's start by accepting that the officiating crew was on top of the rulebook. The flag on Kuechly, quickly picked up, was for defensive pass interference, and not the lesser fouls of illegal contact or defensive holding. This is very much an important distinction, because only a DPI call requires the ball to be catchable. Had one of the latter two been called, the ball's proximity to Gronkowski—or lack thereof—wouldn't have mattered, and the Patriots would have had one more shot. But as excellently broken down here, pass interference is the only penalty that could have been called correctly, since the ball was in the air when the contact occurred.
Let's go further, and stipulate that the referees were quite clear—eventually—about why the flag was picked up. Here's referee Clete Blakeman, walking two pool reporters through the play:
The back judge saw that there was contact and the defender was not playing the ball and that led him to throw for defensive pass inference, was the initial call.
There were two officials that came in. One was the umpire and the other one was our side judge and there was a discussion at that point as to the, in essence, the catchability of the ball due to its location. So it was determined at that point in time that when the primary contact occurred on the tight end that the ball, in essence, was coming in underthrown and in essence it was immediate at that point intercepted at the front end of the end zone. So there was a determination that, in essence, uncatchability, that the ball was intercepted at or about the same time the primary contact against the receiver occurred.
The back judge saw the contact between Kuechly and Gronkowski, and threw his flag. He wasn't paying attention to Tom Brady's release—that's not his job—or to the flight of the ball. Two other officials came in and overruled him, declaring that the ball couldn't and wouldn't have been caught anyway, and that was that.
So. The entire controversy hinges on a hypothetical. Had Kuechly not draped himself over Gronkowski, would Gronk have had a shot at the ball?
It's close. The more I look at it, the more I think Gronkowski was trying to set his feet to come back to the ball, which by Brady's admission was underthrown, but was put off-balance by contact from Kuechly. I'm confident enough to make three statements: 1) That flag isn't picked up if this wasn't the last play of the game; 2) That flag isn't picked up if this game was played in New England; 3) Blakeman severely fucked up by not explaining on the field why there was no penalty.
We have moved! Please click here to visit and bookmark our new website at http://singaporecatholicdeafcommunity.org/
An independent lay organization established in August 1978, serving in the Archdiocesan of SIngapore.
Save time and take the worry out of financing by purchasing your next vehicle at a Bank of America authorized dealer1 in Fort Pierce, FL. Having an approved loan allows you to negotiate with dealers on what really matters - the vehicle price!
If you purchase through an authorized Bank of America dealer, you'll complete your paperwork at the dealership to finalize your loan. That means no extra trip to the DMV to complete title work.
To find an authorized vehicle dealer near you, enter a City, State or Zip Code to start your search and use "refine your search" to narrow down your options based on specific dealer or vehicle brand.
1Bank of America works with thousands of automobile dealerships across the country to assist our customers with the financing of their new and used vehicles. Bank of America is not affiliated with these dealerships and does not require any particular dealership for your vehicle buying experience. Consequently, Bank of America makes no warranties and representations and is not otherwise responsible for any aspect the purchase of your vehicle and associated products and services from these authorized dealerships.
When it comes to choosing a window tinting company near Waldron, visit an installer that you can trust. Visit your nearby location to shop a wide variety of high quality tint shades for your home, office, or car. Our custom window tint is always specially measured and cut for your car, home, or office to ensure a flawless fit—every time. With our window films, you never need to worry about the bubbling, peeling, or discoloration that often happens with lower-grade films; our films are made to last!Likewise, when your window film is installed by our factory-trained experts, you could get the added assurance of a lifetime limited warranty. Though improbable, should bubbling or fading occur, give us a call and we’ll replace your home, office, or car window tint free of charge.
Over an extended period of time, continued exposure to heat and sunlight can cause your car’s seats, upholstery, and dash to crack, peel, and fade. LLumar window tints offer today’s busy drivers awesome protection and value for their vehicle. When you tint your car windows, you help protect the interior of your car (and everyone in it) from the sun’s distracting glare and harmful rays. Ranging from clear to dark charcoal, your tinting company offers a full line of car window tint shades for you to choose from. From a legal perspective, know that your state may have laws that limit the level of darkness you can choose for your car window tint. Contact us or stop by today to learn more about the car window tinting options in your state!
When installed by one of our expert technicians, home window tint offers your family additional protection from harmful ultraviolet rays and sometimes, important privacy. Residential window tinting could help your flooring and treasured artwork and furnishings stay in like-new condition!It helps ward off close to 99% of the destructive ultraviolet rays that cause unwanted discoloration and fading in your home. During the hotter months of the year, it helps keep every room in your home cooler and more comfortable. After having their residential window tint installed, many satisfied customers have even reported that their home energy costs have gone down by as much as 15%. Since LLumar is LEED-certified, you could be eligible to save even more money through applicable tax credits and incentives in your area.
When you choose window tinting for your business, you can work in confidence knowing that you’re helping to limit the burden on your facility’s energy bill, all while conveying an image that’s professional and polished. Select a tint shade from a variety of choices, ranging from translucent to deep charcoal. When installed by your LLumar dealer, non-reflective window tint provides a uniform look that blends seamlessly with the design of your building. For businesses that need a shiny exterior to increase solar heat rejection, but a less reflective interior for nighttime privacy, a dual-reflective option is also available. Commercial window tint isn’t just for the exterior of buildings, though. Inside your facility, it can be installed as an additional design feature that offers style and privacy in stairwells, meeting rooms, and on interior office windows. Stop by or call a LLumar window tint installer near Waldron to discuss your custom commercial tinting project!
Window tint installation is hassle-free and quick when you visit a certified LLumar dealer. Most custom window tint projects are completed within a few days, depending on the size of the windows in your home, vehicle, or business facility. A typical tint installation takes an average of 15 minutes per window. For professional window tinting in your area, visit a LLumar dealer. Whether home or commercial window tinting that needs translucent, mirrored, charcoal, or reflective films, we’re here to assist you in selecting the right one for your needs. Visit or call your LLumar dealer to learn more about window tint near Waldron, get a free estimate, and to schedule your installation today!It’s time to improve your view of the world.
LLumar’s dealers close to Waldron are hand-selected and offer a great selection of tint. With window tinting for your car, home, or office, you could save on energy costs, drive in comfort, and live stylishly. LLumar’s superior window tints have provided exceptional protection from the sun’s heat and harmful rays for more than 55 years. Today, we continue to help people live comfortably, wherever they work, play, or drive!Your window tint installer has been carefully chosen and certified at the highest level of service to make sure you have an excellent estimate and installation experience!Visit a LLumar dealer near Waldron for a window tint estimate today! It's always fast and free!
Who needs wires anyway? This stylish, powerful wireless charger delivers a fast 10W charge to your Qi-compatible device to get you back up and running fast. Built with advanced battery detection and a rubberized anti-slip ring to keep your phone in place, this is the charger to keep your smartphone safe and happy.
Tecno DroiPad 7C Pro as been the best selling tablet device in Africa over a year now. DroiPad 7C Pro has massive sales and is still top in the market. After Tecno successfully produce the most widely accepted tablet. Tecno is back and ready to bring a new flagship in thier 7-inch market. The Tecno DroiPad 7D will be the successor to the DroiPad 7C Pro.
If the seller doesn't have a shop, meet with him in a public place (Mall, Gas station, workplace ...).
This listing was not posted by a representative of Jumia Deals. Jumia Deals cannot guarantee the origin of the product / service.
We're always trying to maintain our high standard in the quality of ads. But we always appreciate any feedback that you have.
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. Huh Porn has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Check out the students that were members of Winton Woods Softball. Visit the registration page if you would like to be listed.
Looking for Winton Woods alumni who participated in Softball but are not listed? Classmates.com® has hundreds of more Winton Woods alumni listed.
There are currently no items available for purchase in this Department. Search our Auction Archives below to find item values.
1917 G$1 McKinley MS67 NGC. The 1917 McKinley is seen far less often in Superb Gem condition than the 1916 issue of the same design. This piece is among 49 so graded at NGC, with none finer (12/11). In fact, none are finer at either service. The satiny surfaces are bright orange-gold with semiprooflike fields, extremely attractive, well-struck, and essentially unmarked.(Registry values: N4719) (NGC ID# BYLL, PCGS# 7455)
The marketing was exceptional from the photos to the ads in Civil War Times and North South Trader for the cross over people!!! I have had many emails from my Civil War collecting fraternity that saw these and I saw them at the national show in Nashville/Franklin in early December.
We use cookies to enhance your experience and provide personalized services to you on this website and others.
We also share limited information about use of our website with our advertising and analytics partners so that these companies can serve our users more relevant online content and advertisements.
By continuing to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, see our Privacy Policy.
Our website uses cookies to examine site traffic and user activity while on our site, for enhanced and effective user experience, marketing, and to provide social media functionality.
While yours truly have to trudge to uni ever day, someone in this household can sit around in his underwear and play computer games all day 1 year ago
We are up early today, yes. Mark has to go off and earn his little wage as a brick-layer. And I have to write more... 1 year ago
Resurfacing for air. It is only two months left of this university course now. I'm too busy and I'm exhausted :( 1 year ago
Join us for the inaugural Pacific Lotus Users Group (PACLUG) event at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas on June 21-22. This event will bring together IT and LOB professionals from all over the Western United States to share ideas and tools using IBM Collaboration and Social Business solutions. This free event will provide you with the most current information about increasing your efficiency through collaboration and integrating your platforms with social business tools. This is an event that you will not want to miss!
· Expert panel discussion on “The Future of a Social Business”, which will cover topics like Web 2.0/E2.0, mobility, gamification, enterprise collaboration and much more!
Building the Next Generation Web Experience with IBM Forms with Workflow – without coding – Bob McCandless, Alphalogix (@BobMcCandless)
This is your opportunity to learn and network with colleagues from all over the Western United States. Register today at www.paclug.org!
Author holliwagnerPosted on April 26, 2011 Categories Education, Exceptional Web, Lotus Notes Domino, Social NetworkingTags community, conferences, Connections, domino 8.5, domino web services, Education, End user training, ibm, iNotes, Lotus Symphony, LotusUserGroups, notes 8.5, Portal, Quickr, Sametime, SmarterPlanet, social, Social Networking, User Group, Virtual User GroupLeave a comment on Pacific Lotus Users Group (PACLUG) event at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas on June 21-22 2011
These events provide a forum where IT professionals can explore current and emerging technical topics, meet respected industry leaders and network with peers from around the globe.
Upgrade your IT skills. The key to success is training; get it quickly at an IBM Technical Universities.
Test-drive the latest technologies through hands-on labs. Roll up your sleeves and get involved with the latest systems and software.
Hear breaking news from the original source. Get up to speed on the latest product releases, trends, tips and techniques – direct from IBM.
Load up on great information. Get the background you need to make quick, intelligent business decisions.
Explore a wide selection of topics. Expand your skills in the area of your choice with a variety of elective sessions for every level, from new user to expert.
Get the most out of your training experience. We’ve designed cost-saving programs to meet your needs and your schedule. There are even classes on Sunday at many events.
Author holliwagnerPosted on March 15, 2011 Categories Education, Exceptional Web, Innovation, SmarterPlanet, Social NetworkingTags community, conferences, Education, Portal, SmarterPlanet, Social Networking, User Group, WebsphereLeave a comment on IBM Exceptional Web Experience Conference 2011
Are your professionals curious about how they can use email on the web from any one of their devices?
Is your management team asking you, ‘When can you help us deliver a web channel that will drive our customers to learn more about our products and services’?
Are your colleagues and business partners tired of having to open all sorts of different collaboration tools just to get simple work done?
Take advantage of this opportunity to learn more about how IBM can help you improve your competitive advantage and thrive within the challenges presented by today’s economic environment.
Author holliwagnerPosted on April 6, 2010 Categories EducationTags #ls10, conferences, Education, End user training, ibm, Sametime, Social NetworkingLeave a comment on EVENT: Lotusphere Comes To You 2010
Get up close and personal with our executive team and product experts for a day of interactive sessions, demos and one-on-one meetings, and even some sneak peaks of what we’ll be showing at Lotusphere in January. Come see us at one of of our upcoming events we have planned this fall. We have a lot up our sleeves!
If you want to learn how to benefit from your existing collaboration infrastructure, or maybe even looking for some new ideas — you’ll want to be here.
Author holliwagnerPosted on October 23, 2009 October 23, 2009 Categories Education, Innovation, Lotus Notes Domino, SmarterPlanet, Social NetworkingTags conferences, domino 8.5, Education, SmarterPlanetLeave a comment on Smarter Collaboration Event comes to San Francisco November 5th, 2009
NEW CLASSES ADDED!! Notes/Domino 8.5 Upgrade Class – Beaverton OR Oct 6th and 7th and Seattle WA Oct 14th and 15th
Presentations and Hands-on Lab Exercises for a 1 or 2 day Proof of Technology (PoT), with materials focusing on Notes ® End User, Domino® Administration, and Domino Application Development enhancements in version 8.5.
This Proof of Technology is targeted for IT Managers, Application Developers, System Administrators and Architects evaluating IBM Lotus Notes / Domino. No prerequisite knowledge of Notes or Domino is required; however, it is recommended that participants have an understanding of their business needs and current IT technologies.
This session is offered free of charge. Complimentary refreshments including continental breakfast and lunch will be provided. However, participants
For your convenience, registration and continental breakfast will begin at 8:00 AM. The session on day 1 will start at 8:30 AM and end at approximately
6:00 PM. On day 2, breakfast will start at 8:30 AM, the session will start at 9:00 AM and end at approximately 5:00 PM.
Author holliwagnerPosted on September 9, 2009 September 9, 2009 Categories Education, Lotus Notes DominoTags conferences, domino 8.5, Education, Lotus Symphony, notes 8.5, Quickr, Sametime, Social Networking
Thinking Green…. cut down on travel, costs and save time while still getting the personal touch. With IBM’s Lotus Sametime 8x and plugins for virtual worlds leveraging the OpenSim and Second Life, IBM is building a bridge between virtual worlds and web conferencing. Watch the video and listen to the use case that shows how you can offer visual, personal and interpersonal experiences to a web conference that helps to enrich your experience in collaboration.
You can also see what Forterra is doing with Sametime integration into their Virtual World. Very impressive technologies and integration!!
Author holliwagnerPosted on March 6, 2009 March 6, 2009 Categories InnovationTags Communications, conferences, Education, Sametime, virtual, Virtual Worlds1 Comment on IBM launches Sametime 3D virtual world
If your city is not listed, please note that the local Lotus ITS from the PNW will be working with our partners to bring one closer to you… targeted cities planned, but subject to change are Sacramento, Portland, Seattle and Salt Lake City. Please check with your local ITS and Sales team if you do not see a city near you.
Author holliwagnerPosted on February 18, 2009 February 18, 2009 Categories LotusUserGroupsTags #ls09, conferences, Education, ibm, Lotusphere09Leave a comment on Lotusphere Comes to You 2009
RT @TEDxMcMinnville: We're officially announcing TEDxMcMinnville coming on January 26, 2019. Check out our website with some of the event… 7 months ago
Interested in getting started with IBM Connections Engagement Center? I can help collaborationgirl.com/2017/10/18/get… 1 year ago
Check out my new blog posting on IBM domino applications in the cloud! collaborationgirl.com/2017/08/16/ibm… 1 year ago
Inside the Fourth Reich / by Erich Erdstein with Barbara Bean - Collections Search - United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
The Holocaust Encyclopedia provides an overview of the Holocaust using text, photographs, maps, artifacts, and personal histories.
Holocaust Encyclopedia Information for Students Resources for Professionals and Student Leaders Resources for Educators Resources for Academics and Research Collections Search Holocaust Survivors and Victims Resource Center
Nicole Cohen-Addad donated a copy of the oral history interview with Paul Molkhou to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in January 2011. The recording is part of a series of interviews produced by Dr. Cohen-Addad between 2002-2009 with Algerian Jews and with participants in resistance against the French Vichy regime in order to help the Allies land in Algiers during the November, 8, 1942 Operation Torch.
Restrictions on use. The collection donor Nicole Cohen-Addad retains copyright and distribution rights. The use of this interview in video/film form, whether in a documentary or romanced form, requires written permission from Dr. Cohen-Addad.
Archives Select Month July 2018 May 2018 January 2018 March 2017 December 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 February 2016 December 2015 September 2015 July 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013
activism altered book appropriation art history artist book artist history artists book art bookmaking book review boxes bragging coins collaboration collections comics copying correspondence art craft critique curatorial cynicism DIY encaustic ephemeral feminism gifts handmade hinged polyptych hinges history illustration installation art interactive art karakuri kitsch letterpress literature luggage mail art mfa mural museums music numistry painting paper papercraft paper dolls paper engineering performance art philately polyptych portrait postcards printmaking realism reciprocity recursion self-portrait shows social practice studio studio storage suffrage teaching thesis trompe l'oeil wax wax seals Window Art Project woodworking writing yoshimoto cube zines
The biggest failure of many batting practice and hitting sessions is the lack of cognitive interference for hitters. Many coaches and players just get in the cage or on a tee and take swings with no specific focus.
Most baseball hitting drills focus on one skill, and don’t require a the player to make a decision prior to performing that skill. This type of “blocked practice” is necessary for initial skill devel-opment, but to help players translate their skills into games, coaches need to force players to make a decision prior to swinging. Coaches and players can then critique the decision and the mechanics used.
The following baseball hitting drills and tactical games will work on both mechanics (particularly getting into a proper hitting position) and provide some amount of cognitive interference so ath-letes learn to make a decision, then perform an appropriate action.
4.) When the coach or partner sees the hitter make their first movement they will say either “hit” or “take.”
1.) Set up one tee on the outside corner toward the middle of the hitter’s body, and one tee on the inside corner in front of the hitters front foot.
6.) Focus on good pitch selection, hitting the ball where it is pitched (inside/outside), and good hitting position (on L-screen stop).
2.) Explain your hitting philosophy in each count (the Generating Offense and Hitting ebook has explanation of hitting philosophy by count)
3.) Prior to each pitch, give the player a count. Mixing up counts after each pitch will help players process their philosophy and focus on each count.
4.) Deliver the pitch. At advanced levels, coaches should try to locate and throw off speed pitches.
5.) After the pitch, have the player verbally critique their decision to swing or not. Make sure they explain why their decision was good or bad.
6.) More advanced players might also include a conversation about their mechanics along with their swing decision.
These drills are just a small taste of what is available to Cornerstone Website members. There are over 30 hitting drills and tactical games alone, all with the focus on not only developing skills, but also being able to translate those skills effectively into game.
Not to mention additional online courses in outfield play, advanced coaching methods, infield play, conditioning, weekly tips,
To see all that is included in Cornerstone’s full site membership and to see how you can become part of our community, visit CornerstoneCoachingAcademy.com/membership-options
Filed Under: Blog, Coach on Coaching, Hitting, Videos & Drills · Tagged: baseball practice, cornerstone coaching academy, drill video, kyle nelson
Owner and head instructor at Colonial Baseball Instruction. CBI serves Southern VA with baseball camps and private lessons. CBI also developed My Coach: Baseball App and sells a variety of baseball training aids.
Thanks Coach love to get new drills to use with my baseball teams. I am always poking for new ways to instruct the players. To keep practices interesting.
Thanks for the comment Mark! As coaches, we tend to get so mechanical when working with our hitters. It’s great to practice more “game-like” repetitions as well.
GOP Presidential contender Carly Fiorina named to her team several Coloradans, one of which is prominent female entrepreneur, Heidi Ganahl, who just sold her enterprise Camp Bow Wow for an undisclosed sum thought to be in the tens of millions. Democrats wasted no time in denouncing the picks. In fact, one liberal blog had this to say about Fiorina’s line up: “Again, we’re not talking A-Listers.”
Liberals’ timing could not have been worse. As usual. Of course, there’s never a good time to try to tear down a successful female entrepreneur, is there? Ganahl recently participated in a TedX speech titled “The Art of the Comeback” talking about how she overcame adversity by giving back to others. What a jerk she is. (That’s sarcasm.) Here’s her speech. It’s worth watching.
In the speech, Ganahl talks about some of the adversity she faced including the death of her husband in his early 20s, being a single mom, losing almost a million dollars in a failed business, and infertility on her road to building a multi-million dollar business.
A quick Google search of Ganahl shows that she’s been a speaker at the University of Colorado’s Partners in Business Ethics Conference. She also sits on the Leeds School of Business Women’s Council. Further, her personal website notes the following achievements:
“Heidi’s company Camp Bow Wow was recently named to the Inc 500/5000 fastest growing company list, #88 on Entrepreneur Magazine’s 105 Fastest-Growing Franchises in North America and the 26th fastest growing women owned business in the country! Heidi has been featured on America Online, Business Week Online, CNN Money and in Parenting, Entrepreneur, More Magazine, Success and Franchise Times. Heidi has inspired millions with her story on CNBC’s The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch.”
Given this background, it would seem that those complaining have high standards for folks who sit in their pajamas writing vitriol. She sounds pretty impressive to us.
Frankly, Ganahl could have cured cancer and Democrats would have complained. See, the real issue is that Democrats are so terrified of the fact that they are losing the narrative on women that they will tear down any woman who will not carry their water. Shame on Democrats for continuing to wage a war on women who don’t agree with them.
it is one thing to be a talented, aggressive entrepreneur. It is another to have the skill of rhetoric and wit to fight back. Heidi has the former; I hope she has the latter.
there must be a memo from DC mandating the character assassination of R women who are a threat. Heidi is a talented, eloquent entrepreneur who will crush them.
Story: This is a reworking of the myth of Theseus and the Minotaur. The book both retells the original tale from the perspective of the Minotaur, and updates it with a contemporary character “Banshee.” Both versions are interwoven to make parallels between racism and attitudes towards disability.
The Color of Comics exhibitions seeks to show the diversity of characters of color in comic so that young people will see themselves represented in this art form, and educators will find it a rich source of images and cultural contexts for classroom discussions.
{% if(o.dt) { %} {% if(o.dt[1] == o.dt[0]) { %} Il {%=o.dt[0] %} {% } else { %} Dal {%=o.dt[0] %} al {%=o.dt[1]%} {% } %} {% } %}
I specialize in preventing and defeating the unthinkable – threats through which computers could turn people’s physical lives upside-down. From my start in law enforcement more than 25 years ago, I came to focus on emerging threats of cyber-kinetic attacks – cyberattacks on Internet of Things (IoT) and Industrial Control Systems (ICS) that threaten people’s physical well-being, lives or the environment. Now, as a Partner in PwC, I bring this expertise to businesses to help them defeat these often-overlooked – but potentially deadly – hazards.
The artistic endeavours of Alan Whitehead, a digital artist based in Lismore Australia. email alanewhitehead@gmail.com
On holiday back home I had spent all week eating veg and was very happy to do so knowing that in my part of France I would never be able to find veg like bitter gourd (kerala), or those baby aubergines with silky skins and not to mention all the lovely alternatives to spinach: fresh mustard and fenugreek leaves. These are veg with sharp flavours that never let you forget them.
However, once the holiday was over I began craving some meat and naturally this primal urge had to be satiated through a no fuss, hands on experience: cue sliders (burgers or kwaab as my family calls them) with some nostalgic spicy notes to satiate my homesickness for the food of my youth.
In a food processor, pulse the onion, garlic, ginger and coriander first. Then add the meat and pulse a couple of times until all the ingredients turn to a homogeneous like consistency (this means that no egg is needed to help mixture to bind). Season mixture with salt and pepper. Add oil to a frying pan on medium to high heat. Using your hands form four large patties and place these in the pan. (Tip: if unsure of the seasoning, make a tiny patty to taste first). When browned turn over and cook the other side. Check for doneness. In the meantime toast the burger buns, place cooked burgers inside them and garnish with salad, tomatoes and cucumbers. Tomato sauce optional but strongly recommended for sweet pairing with the spicy flavours in burger. Serve immediately!
It is so easy to relate to your holiday... as back home the leafy veggies are so much a staple....I love the underlying sweetness under the bitterness which develops on cooking them.
Hello! I’m Gaz, British born with South Asian origins. Bred on home-cooked spicy food, my culinary quest began long after my move to the so-called Mother of Gastronomy: France. Yet, even here good South Asian food is few and far between. So after years of indulging in French fancies I have returned to the God of Spicy Things.
DA8 1PT, Erith, Erith, Bexley, Greater London, England is located in United Kingdom. Its zip code is DA8 1PT.
An introduction to humania, it's idea and goals are in a topic in the suggestions forum ... Feel free to get to know us
"Make Total Destroy", a brand new song from Maryland-based experimental, progressive metallers PERIPHERY, is available for free download at this lo...
PERIPHERY have shared a first track from their 11-song album 'Periphery III: Select Difficulty' which is out July 22 via Century Media Records. Check out t
digital preorders of 'Juggernaut' albums available now PERIPHERY have just launched a brand new song - check out '22 Faces' here: " '22 Faces' is a track o
PERIPHERY Is About To Record A New Record. ... I'm currently giddy with excitement because we are going to be recording the new Periphery album very very soon ...
Best Periphery Songs. ... I'm convinced entirely that this is the best song that Periphery has on their debut. ... New song, but excellent.
View Periphery song lyrics by popularity along with songs featured in, albums, videos and song meanings. We have 7 albums and 72 song lyrics in our database.
The title track of Periphery's "Juggernaut: Alpha" album has been made available for streaming below. Both "Juggernaut: Alpha" and its conceptual ...
We are Periphery. Periphery III: Select Difficulty available now on Sumerian Records. ... New Flatline coffee and bundles are up now at store.periphery.net!
Washington D.C.-based prog innovators PERIPHERY will release their new album, "Periphery III: Select Difficulty", on July 22 via Sumerian Records. ...
Mixed New Periphery Song - Flatline ... Anyway, gotta love Periphery if the new album has more dynamic songs like this one and less chug filled stupid songs.
Periphery song have posted a new song entitled 'Insomnia' to MySpace. This track is taken from their self-titled album, wh...
Portal for the djent community. News, forums, web chat, browsable database of bands and releases, ...
Periphery have premiered another song off their upcoming double concept record, Juggernaut, which is being released across two albums, Juggernaut: Alpha and ...
Periphery have streamed their track 'Flatline' from upcoming album 'Periphery III: Select Difficulty.'
Last month, Periphery revealed details on their fifth studio album Periphery III: Select Difficulty, which is set to be released on July...
Listen or download Periphery New Album Periphery I music song for free. Please buy Periphery New Album Periphery I album music original if you like
Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the follicle morphology, density, development and hormone production after orthotopic autransplantation of fresh or vitrified goat ovarian tissue. Methods: Fresh and vitrified ovarian cortex was orthotopically autotransplanted for six months in two and three adults bilaterally ovariectomized goats, respectively. The animals were monitored during 196 days and blood samples collected. Results: It was observed that the percentage of morphologically normal preantral follicles (MNPF) after grafting of fresh ovarian tissue was similar to control. The follicular density in the fresh graft reduced significantly when compared to fresh control. unfortunately, after transplantation of vitrified tissue it was not possible to identified any follicles after recovery. Furthermore, the proportion of developing follicles was higher (P < 0.05) in the fresh auto-grafts than in control fragments. Moreover, progesterone plasma levels increased significantly from day 179 to day 195 of transplantation. Conclusion: In conclusion, orthotopic transplantation of fresh ovarian tissue was able to keep healthy the preantral follicles, as well as the restoration of goat endocrine function.
Designed for increased safe food production, this newly developed bio enzyme by Chinese biologists solves production problems in food crops with additional benefits of greater shelf life, higher yields, increased vitamin, mineral, and enzyme content.
Room Name Legend- Ramón de Ayala, an aristocrat, while being drunk, always walked passed the church and insulted people and a sculpture of a golden rooster that was on the top of the church. One night the rooster sculpture turned to real life and hit Ramón. Since then he changed his attitude and hasn’t insulted anyone since.
For huge Superman fans like myself the return of the Man of Steel was one of the most anticipated moments in this year’s Justice League film. Looking back at the comic book history of the character with the death and return of Superman fans were expecting to see him return in a black suit. This was also heavily teased by Henry Cavill on Instagram who shortly after the release of Dawn of Justice posted what looked to be a close up of a black Superman suit with the hashtag #Superman. One year later to the fans dismay there was no black suit to be seen when Superman eventually returned in Justice League. Shortly after the release of the film a lot of information started to leak about storylines that were changed/scrapped. One of those leaks which I was particularly interested in was the claims of there not being a black suit in the script at all from the start. Now granted a lot of this information at the time came from a Reddit user so we have to take it with a grain of salt. However just yesterday it was confirmed by Fabian Wagner (Director of photography for Justice League) that there was scenes of Superman shot with the black suit which were eventually cut.
Wagner on the black suit: “There were [scenes shot],” Wagner said. “It’s a cool looking costume. Sadly, we didn’t see that either in the final cut.”
Wagner on scenes that were cut in general: “Zack takes his time with telling the stories, and I’ve always liked that about his movies. There are a few scenes that I was very much looking forward to seeing which unfortunately got cut.”
For some this new information will further frustrate fans who were already calling for a Zack Snyder cut of this film to be released in the future. Personally as a huge Superman fan although I would have loved to have seen the black suit these are just small issues to me. A huge part of me has just accepted what we were given and it is what it is. Maybe the use of the black suit and the beard would have allowed the studio to avoid the whole moustache fiasco. At the end of the day I’m just a fan and I have no idea of what type of pressure and stress comes with the making of a project of this size.
All I ask from Warner Bros. is in the future to learn from their mistakes and just let their selected director finish their vision of the project.
Tagged as: Aquaman, Batman, Comics, DC, DCEU, Film, Flash, Henry Cavill, Justice League, Movies, Reviews, Superman, Wonder Woman, Zack Snyder
AMAfeed is an AMA Search Engine. We crawl the entire Internet looking for good sources of AMA's and bring them to you in a simple, easy to use interface. We also own and operate a large network of dedicated AMA Event channels. Each of our AMA Event channels encourages open, authentic, candid discussions that empowers our community to gain a better understanding of their chosen topics of interest via the AMA Event format.
All copyrights, trademarks, product names and logos appearing on the site are the property of their respective owners.
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device, our Privacy policy and Terms of service. You can change your Cookie Settings at any time but parts of our site will not function correctly without them.
Caleb Orecchio here with a selection of comic books I hauled in from a 50¢ sale ————————————————————————————————— New Dimension Comics… Read more →
Sam Ombiri on Men's Group The Video by Ben Jones ————————————————————————————————— I find I am often longing for a great… Read more →
Vote Aquí; Art of Native America; Comic Arts Brooklyn Panels ————————————————————————————————— A Brief History of Bilingual Voting José -Luis Olivares… Read more →
Commercial and Domestic EPC Timperley - Commercial and Domestic Energy Performance Certificates. Contact us now on 01323 841488 if you are selling or renting a property in your area and we will provide you with a qualified assessor who will do the assessment for you.
We work on behalf of householders, Estate Agents, Solicitors and Councils in Timperley & throughout the United Kingdom ensuring that EPCs are provided in a timely manner with a quick turnaround.
We work for Commercial landlords, management agents and solicitors in Timperley to carry out Non Domestic EPCs producing Energy Performance Certificates for commercial and industrial premises.
I’m a witness voting incentive bot. I’m offering upvotes to anyone voting for witnesses and joining the program. To join the program, you need to post or comment, anywhere on Steemit, with the #ivoted tag or a @ivoted mention.
Please don’t vote randomly, if you’re here just for the rewards, just proxy your votes to us, or any witness you know and appreciate, the rewards will be the same.
Now, their witness votes add up to 1756, hence an estimation of 325 witness votes directly attributable to the #ivoted program.
Just copy and paste the link below, taking care to change the amount of SP you want to delegate at the end of the URL :
Who am I ? To know everything there is to know, please refer to the links section at the end of the post. But here’s a quick summary : I’m a witness voting incentive bot. Read more…
Hi all! I’m a Vietnamese/French witness who lives in Australia. I’ve started witnessing since mid-March 2018. I’ve joined Steemit since February 2018 and I blog about worm farming, gardening photography and music Some of my contributions to the community as Read more…
@helo’s main focus is around fostering free software development as he is a DevOp himself, he is also a moderator for @utopian-io and a regular contributor, He presents and do meetups to spread the word about STEEM and #utopian-io ideals. Read more…
Hi Steemians! I am @stoodkev, creator of SteemPlus browser extension and witness. As a witness, I am running a top notch server with 128GB RAM (won’t get out of memory anytime soon) and am keeping an eye on it with Read more…
As you may know, @ivoted just released its project, aiming to make people vote for witnesses. But one of the goals of @ivoted is also to talk about witnesses, about what they do for Steem and the community. This will be a good opportunity Read more…
Hi fellow steemians Want to enter our program and earn a fee thanks to your witness votes ? But you do not know exactly what to do ? Here’s a step-by-step. Read more on Busy.org
We’re officially lauching the #ivoted initiative and at the same time the @ivoted bot. This post will describe in details the program and the workings of the bot. As a lot of things concerning the program’s objectives have already been explained in this post, here Read more…
Hi fellow steemians, I’m @ivoted, a new bot. I was created by @sebbbl and @algo.coder. My mission is to encourage steemians to vote for witnesses. What are witnesses ? Witnesses are the guardian angels of Steemit, but more importantly they are the core of the Read more…
Following our presentation of the #ivoted initiative, we got a lot for returns and we thank you all for that. As we will be mainly functioning with delegations, it becomes clear that we have to publish clear guidelines in terms of Governance Read more…
Huong Ngo’s “Reap the Whirlwind” features two bodies of works concealed by darkness. Viewed askance, four black hanging screen prints reveal seductive, Ingres-like female figures.
For the Chicago Artists Coalition, life on the other side of 40 has been busier than ever. As CAC prepares to open another edition of The ANNUAL this week, they've also been busy with a major relocation this year as well as undertaking their first capital campaign.
"If you ever think about me, and if you ain’t gonna do no revolutionary act, forget about me. I don’t want myself on your mind if you’re not gonna work for the people." — Fred Hampton
Artadia is pleased to announce the Awardees for the 2018 Chicago Artadia Awards: Leonard Suryajaya and
This week we are joined in the studio by real life art critic for the Chicago Tribune and senior lecturer at the School of the Art Institute, Lori Waxman,
The most recent HATCH exhibition at the Chicago Artists Coalition brings together three artists whose work is deeply grounded in techniques that add dimension to their imagery and challenge a modern expectation of photography in a digital world.
For fourteen years, Newcity has published its annual list of Breakout Artists in the late spring, a fitting time for the budding hopes of every Chicagoan finally seeing the warm light at the end of the gray and dismal tunnel of winter.
For the past several years, Matt Morris has been making paintings of paintings by conceptual artist Sherrie Levine.
Ellen Rothenberg's work can be conceptually characterized as the presentation of enigmatic proposals.
Alexandria Eregbu performs a scene from Ralph Ellison’s Invisible Man—reinterpreting Louis Armstrong’s simultaneous playing and singing of “(What Did I Do to Be So) Black and Blue.” This perfo
Since 2014 "Articulate" has been producing content aimed at how artworks and artists transform the way we see and understand the world.
Opening on February 1, 2018, Spertus Institute presents a new, commissioned, site-specific installation by Chicago-based artist Ellen Rothenberg.
GOLDFINCH is very proud to present The World Is a Different Place, a solo exhibition of recent drawings, screen prints, digital prints, Xerox prints and a comic by Damon
The DePaul Art Museum is circulating a questionairre to better understand what Chicago-based artists need and how institutions can better serve those needs.
The first Chicago Art Book Fair is dedicated to showcasing emerging directions and diverse legacies within small press arts publishing.
Please consider donating online to CAC on Tuesday, November 28 for #ILGive on #GivingTuesday, and your gift will make a bigger impact on Chicago's arts community!
The sooner the better: a sash hung shoulder to hip. We know what they say about the personal, we know that it’s now more than, we know no men are an: tightly wrapped and ripe for unpacking.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events (DCASE) are pleased to announce that internationally renowned artist and Mac
Theater Unspeakable (TU) is offering a six-week course where participants will explore a physical approach to Greek Tragedy. The course will build towards the creation of an original movement piece based on a classic Greek text, Agamemnon. Along the way, participants will learn about the tragic space, the tragic chorus, chorus leaders, universal poetic movement dynamics and ensemble devised theater. The weekly classes will culminate in a final presentation open to the public.
TU’s Artistic Director Marc Frost and TU Collaborator Flora Bare will lead the course. Both instructors studied with disciples of Jacques Lecoq at various programs in Europe and have been teaching physical theater at different levels in the Chicago area over the past several years.
acting class workshop physical theater theatre movement creation devising contemporary devised theatre
Create an account or login to CAR to be able to post and edit your content. We want CAR to be the premier source of industry resources for Chicago's creative professionals, and that means we need your help! If you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact us. When you create an account, we'll also add you to our mailing list to give you the best of the opportunities we list on a twice-monthly basis. (You can unsubscribe any time.) Enjoy!
National Bestseller New York Times Book Review Editors’ Choice | An Indie Next Pick A Best Book of the Year from NPR, Boston Globe, Buzzfeed, Esquire, San Francisco Chronicle,Time Out, Self, Jezebel, The Portland Mercury, Electric Literature, and Entropy Magazine “It just sounds terrific. It sounds like opera.” —Joan Acocella, The New Yorker “Sprawling, soaring, bawdy, and plotted like a fine embroidery.” —Scott Simon, NPR “Dazzling.” —Wall Street Journal | “A brilliant performance.” —Washington Post “Sweeping, richly detailed.” —People | “Masterful.” —Wired | “Spellbinding.” —BuzzFeed A “wild opera of a novel,”* The Queen of the Night tells the mesmerizing story of Lilliet Berne, an orphan who left the American frontier for Europe and was swept into the glamour and terror of Second Empire France. She became a sensation of the Paris Opera, with every accolade but an original role—her chance at immortality. When one is offered to her, she finds the libretto is based on her deepest secret, something only four people have ever known. But who betrayed her? With “epic sweep, gorgeous language, and haunting details,”** Alexander Chee shares Lilliet’s cunning transformation from circus rider to courtesan to legendary soprano, retracing the path that led to the role that could secure her reputation—or destroy her with the secrets it reveals. “If Lilliet Berne were a man, she might have been what nineteenth-century novels would call a swashbuckler: the kind of destiny-courting, death-defying character who finds intrigue and peril (and somehow, always, a fantastic pair of pantaloons) around every corner.” —Entertainment Weekly
UNEXPECTEDLY AND SURPRISINGLY! ENTER LINK! They’re burden it every nude! I take a subterranean mouthful of air also sink to the foot, attractive them by means of me, as well as only sat near, to studentgirl sluty puerto rico girls come. poke judgment, Paul F. Deanna aphorism their penises hang along, by now lass maiden …
CLICK HERE TO TAKE A LOOK! FULL ACCESS! ENTER PREMIUM! Undomesticated Sexy Man miss teenage twink videos Three hours previously you tell me to you wouldkeep the engagement anal maiden tryouts 5 xxx we made. She stopped why do lady Violet Hill mush impression up her eye as well as demonstrativelyclosed her chops. Oh, Lovable …
FIND IT NOW HERE! GO GET SOME FUN! At this instant I keep under surveillance the end with the purpose of have be shorn of me facing. Helen’s body stuffy. Ok set back teenage babe pigeon ladies furthermore male furthermore make area intended for my protect,Renee! teen jeezy singing with boss mobeil Nevertheless to his …
HERE YOU WILL FIND! WANT MORE? ENTER NOW! While she be mean 60’s in mature it would be durable to say she peek ernst ludwig kirchner panama girls greater than 50. jogos gratis de teen titans So far she knewshe wasn’t permitted to orgasm until now, however she looked-for it so imperfectly. She be trying …
Top 5 Considerations When Getting Fuel Cards - Fuelwise - leading fuel card provider in Ireland Fuelwise – leading fuel card provider in Ireland
Fuel is one of the most expensive outputs your business can have, especially if you have multiple vehicles on the road. That’s why it is really important you take great consideration when deciding to get fuel cards for your business.
Getting fuel cards for your business makes great sense, it’s an opportunity to save money and fill your vehicles with high quality diesel. However, there’s still a lot you have to consider and take into account.
With 30 years’ experience in the fuel card industry and being Ireland’s leading provider of fuel & fleet management solutions, we are in the position to advise you on what you should consider when deciding to get fuel cards for your business.
Customer service is a lot more than dealing with queries as and when they appear, which really should be expected as standard. Going above and beyond for every customer regardless of size and taking the time to learn their expectations is a part of the service at Fuelwise. Every customer is assigned with a personal Account Manager who takes time to find out what fuel and fleet solution you require and works with you to achieve your aims and objectives.
Open access is key to achieving the above, therefore, our team can be reached through phone calls, email, website live chat, social media and WhatsApp. Providing such a wide array of methods to contact your Account Manager makes Fuelwise accessible for everyone.
Just as important as the service you receive, is having full belief and trust in that service. Fuel card technology offers benefits in terms of security and functionality versus alternative methods of payment for fuel such as cash. You can also emboss each of your fuel cards which helps to prevent any fraudulent activity.
Furthermore, Fuelwise has designed our own insurance policy called GuardCard, which covers you if your fuel card is lost or stolen, up to 20,000 litres. As well as covering you for up to 20,000 litres, GuardCard comes at only 99 cents per month, per card, with your first three months free.
If you carry out work across many different towns and cities, then having access to sites wherever you are is one of your top considerations when getting your fuel cards. Knowing where your closest site is can make all the difference if you are wishing to reduce your fuel costs, as you are then less likely to deviate to a site further afield, wasting fuel in the process.
With Fuelwise fuel cards you have access to both the largest network of sites in the UK and the Republic of Ireland, with sites that are in close proximity to you, regardless of where you are. Fuelwise can also provide you fuel at over 4000 sites across 24 European countries. Alongside having the largest network of sites, Fuelwise also offers high quality fuel at many respected brands including Maxol, Texaco and Top, as well as large supermarket chains such as Tesco and Morrison’s.
Having access to your fleet’s fuel card usage at any time is just as important as actually having fuel cards. Knowing you can look at your transactions at any time and order new cards or stop current ones means that you are always in control of your account. It is important to consider what systems you will have as it means you will never have to rely on anyone to control your account for you.
As value-added service Fuelwise provides all of our customers with Velocity Card Management and E-Route, free of charge. Velocity makes managing multiple fuel cards easy and gives you the tools to manage your fleet efficiently, whereas E-Route is your site locator, available in both online and app form. E-Route is especially great for your drivers as they can find their nearest site at the touch of a button and create lists of sites they visit most frequent.
Considering how you can keep track of your vehicles is the latest feature that is being demanded by users of fuel cards across both Ireland and the UK. GPS tracking is a lot more than just keeping track of where your vehicles are, especially when integrated with your fuel card. With the detailed information that is available, you are able to transform the driving behaviour of your fleet which in the long-term will provide savings and increased road safety compliance.
Fuelwise was the first of any fuel card provider to offer GPS tracking when Fuelwise Fuel Card Integration was launched in 2014. A product that has grown in demand and one that has transformed how many different transport managers operate their fleet.
As a standout product that your business requires, great consideration must be taken when getting fuel cards as they will transform how your business operates, providing increased road safety compliance, greater insights into driver behaviour and access to market and industry leading tools.
It’s also important to understand the exact benefits you will receive when getting fuel cards, you can view the benefits of Fuelwise Fuel Cards by clicking here.
Should you have any questions or queries, we would love to hear from you. You can contact us on (NI) 028 7032 7800 or (ROI) 1890 702 800. Or if you prefer, we can call you, simply request your call back by clicking here.
It’s no secret that by driving faster over a prolonged period of time will see your vehicles consume significantly more fue...
Managing your fleet can be a difficult job, especially if you have numerous other responsibilities that require attention. En...
Fuel is one of the most expensive outputs your business can have, especially if you have multiple vehicles on the road. That�...
Fuelwise are delighted to announce that we will be supporting Foyle Search and Rescue as our nominated charity during March. ...
When it comes to your fuel cards, keeping them safe and secure is something that should not be taken lightly. As your fuel co...
If you’re tired of all the fitness and nutrition gimmicks and want to know how to lose weight for real, you’ve come to the right place. Welcome to Wise Eats.
I’m Wes Wise from WesFitness.com. Back in 2009 I lost 90lbs and in this video I tell you exactly how I did it.
At that time, my lifestyle was the worst of the worst. I barely exercised. I ate junk food every single day. I drank soda with every meal, smoked a pack of cigarettes a day, and drank alcohol multiple times a week. I was on a one-way path to nowhere fast.
Finally, I woke up one day and realized it was time to WISE UP. I was 270lbs and ready to make a change. So, I set a goal to lose weight, and was determined not to fail. So, how did I do it?
Step 1 was starting a diet journal. I wrote down all of my meals and calories. I used a calorie calculator to figure out my daily needs and ate 2-500 calories below that number. This created a calorie deficit, which is essential for weight loss. To lose weight, you need to take in less calories than your body burns. Tracking your meals is a great way to accomplish this, and it can be tedious, but I promise you it works. I still do it to this day in order to accomplish my fitness goals more quickly.
Step 2 was exercise. I did a lot of running mixed with some weight training. Today, I lift weights 5-6 days per week and believe it’s the most effective form of exercise for burning body fat and achieving a lean physique.
Step 3 was changing my diet. Throughout the weight loss I was still having lots of processed diet foods, junk food, alcohol, and cheat meals several times a week. As long as I restricted calorie intake during the week, I allowed myself to fly off the rails on the weekend. Not a very healthy way to go about losing weight, but it worked. Overall, I was taking in less calories than my body needed, so I lost weight. Eventually, I started to prepare more meals at home and quit drinking pop, but still ate very poorly throughout the initial weight loss.
Through calorie counting I lost 1-2lbs per week. I would weigh myself at the same time every Monday and record my weight each week. Over time, the weight loss was consistent. I dropped from 270 to 180lbs over the course of 1 year. You can see many before and after pictures in the YouTube video.
There was no rocket science involved in my weight loss experience. Losing weight comes down to discipline, a little effort, and eating below your daily calorie requirements. Assuming you have no pre-existing health conditions, calories in vs calories out works. The more disciplined you are with your calorie intake, the faster you will see results.
If you think you need some magical diet fad, or a pill, or a bunch of expensive supplements, it’s time to WAKE UP. If weight loss is what you truly want, make it a goal and get after it!
I’m no nutritionist or fitness expert. I’m just a normal guy who decided it was time to get healthy and lost 90lbs. If I can do it, you can do it. It’s time to start caring about your health. If weight loss is your goal, I can say from experience that calorie restriction will get the job done. Now, if your goal is to build an athletic physique and achieve optimal levels of health, that’s a whole different story that goes far beyond calorie counting and weight loss. I will get more into that in future videos, so make sure you subscribe and turn on notifications so you never miss an opportunity to Wise Up.
For now, you can find more details of my 90lb weight loss along with recipes, exercise regimens, fat loss tips, and more over at WesFitness.com.
If you liked this video, please click the thumbs up also leave a comment or question on the YouTube page. You can also message me over at Wise-Eats.com or WesFitness.com (Both links get you to the same place). I’m eager to help and respond to all messages.
It is within you to take control of your health. Start today with one wise choice. Small changes now add up to major benefits in the future. Thanks for watching!
Here is a complete list of Wise Eats approved nutrition. It is broken into categories based on the three dietary macronutrients: Protein, Fat, and Carbohydrate. Any items outside this list should be consumed with discretion. There are other healthy foods that are not mentioned, but these are the ones we use on a regular basis and consider to be ideal for a healthy, varied diet. If it’s on this list, it’s definitely a wise choice! Constructing your diet based on these real foods will help you lose weight, build muscle, increase energy, fight depression, prevent disease, and feel amazing.
If there is a food you believe should be added or removed from this page, please post a comment below or contact us.
Supplements are only necessary in order to complement a diet rich in healthy foods or if you are deficient. Strive to get the majority of your nutrients from whole food sources (Fish oil from fish, protein from meat/vegetables, vitamins from vegetables, etc.). Supplements can also help take your fitness game to the next level. Choose wisely!
Calorie and macronutrient requirements vary depending on the individual, body type, and activity level. In general, your daily calorie intake should be broken up into 40-50% Carb, 30-40% Protein, and 20-25% Fat. These numbers can be manipulated to your own specific needs based on your goals. For instance, the ketogenic diet utilizes a high fat, low carb approach. A normal diet focused on weight loss should include high quality protein with each meal (about 40% of total daily calorie intake). For someone who is working out vigorously on a regular basis, a higher carbohydrate intake is recommended. Identify your goals, determine your caloric needs, fulfill your dietary requirements, and you are destined for success.
A balanced diet rich in whole foods and low on heavily processed foods will promote healthy weight, muscle growth, high energy levels, strong immune system, and longevity. Take control of your life today by getting these high-quality nutrients in your life!
Hydration is one of the most important elements of overall health and fitness. Every day when I wake up, drinking high quality water is my first priority of the day. It fires up your metabolism, flushes out toxins, fuels your brain, and reduces appetite. Only after I fully hydrate will I start to work, check my phone, e-mail, text, etc. Take your hydration to the next level with Wise Eats “Always Workin’” Water. Your drinking water will never be the same again!
Drinking more water is going to help you lose weight, improve energy levels, fuel your muscles, aid digestion, and improve your mood.
MSM powder helps detoxify the body, improves flexibility, healing, energy, and promotes skin health.
Himalayan sea salt provides trace minerals that detoxify the body and help balance blood sugar. Adding minerals will help your body absorb the water and keep you more hydrated.
Be sure to drink purified water. Reverse osmosis water or a Berkey home filtration unit is what we use.
How much water should you drink? More than you’re drinking now! Personally, I drink a gallon or more per day.
I used to drink at least full liter of pop per day. If I can drop the pop and start making wise choices, you can too!
Make hydration part of your daily routine, and you will be amazed at the results. Next time you’re in the kitchen, make a wise decision.
As the Guadalupe-Blanco River Trust undertakes more projects, the need for a staff person to evaluate and manage projects, identify and apply for grants, respond to public inquiries, and promote the trust continues to increase. Recently, a conservation specialist was hired to take on these responsibilities.
Janaé Reneaud, who joined the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority in April after working several years as a biological science aid at the Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), will be responsible for implementing and managing the Trust's multifaceted program of land and water conservation projects.
"We are so pleased to have someone with Janaé's background to help get these conservation projects moving for the Trust," said Todd Votteler, GBRA's executive manager of Intergovernmental Affairs and executive director of the Trust.
"After she gets familiar with the basin and the existing projects," Votteler explained, "Janaé's focus primarily will be on the areas of conservation project development and implementation, development and monitoring of conservation easements, and developing relationships with landowners."
Reneaud earned her master's degree in public administration with a concentration in land conservation from Eastern Michigan University, and earned a bachelor of science degree from Michigan State University.
Before her tenure with USFWS, Reneaud served four years as the development and grants manager for the Washtenaw Land Trust in Ann Arbor, MI.
While working for the Michigan Department of Natural Resources, Reneaud was a grant coordinator and project manager of the Michigan Natural Resources Trust, the Clean Michigan Initiative, and the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
While some training companies talk about shipboard firefighting, Gulf Coast Emergency Response Academy has instructors who have actually fought fires aboard ships.
They understand how ships are constructed and will not only talk about the procedures for fighting these fires but will bring with them their experience of this special type of firefighting operation.
The courses are delivered at the customer's convenience at a location near the Port of Mobile, Alabama or can travel to your ship to provide ship specific type training. The instruction is customized to specifically address your training needs.
GCERA can train your maritime crew from initial training to refresher training in Firefighting, Confined Space Rescue, Hazardous Materials, Incident Command & First Aid/Medical challenges faced in the maritime setting. Our group will adapt standard courses like NFPA 1405 to address the concern of shore based Firefighters responding to ships while in port.
This facility is considered an international center for research into diabetes, as well as positioning Kuwait to be a leader in the prevention and treatment of this disease.
This six storey building includes medical and health facilities, re­search labo­ra­to­ries, re­search library, fitness center, au­di­to­rium and ad­min­is­trative department.
Gulf Con­sult, in association with NBBJ of USA, has de­signed this building to have a strong visual form which takes its in­spi­ration from the sea.
A curved curtain wall facade on the north facing the ocean will afford employees with panoramic views.
This course run by Emily Gascoigne is designed for commercial producers targeting reducing lamb mortality.
© 2018 Synergy Farm Health Ltd | Registered in England No: 06903100 | VAT: 979 3922 55 | Website design by stellasoft
As a counter measurement to Ad spam, newly registered users are required to create a thread in the Introduction Forum before allowing to be able to reply and create threads.
@Folseus well this game is Half-Aigis and Half-RTS (bcoz u had to move the characters to a desired position)
(Artwork shows a microphone but the text says megaphone explicitly, i.e. something that makes your voice louder)
Pronounced Takket with a hard C instead of a soft C. Her name is a musical term and a latin word that means silent.
Premium/11x/Spirit Seat gachas have increased chances of her appearing after rarity is determined, compared to other spirits.
DMMP/Gacha Ticket/Spirit Seat gachas have increased chances of them appearing on their days after rarity is decided, compared to other spirits of the same rarity.
Clear Normal Election Wards to obtain [Personal File Treasures] and exchange them in-game for various items.
Due to popular demand, for the browser version, when you pause during a sortie, you can now view the shortcut keys and their functions.
For the Prime Ministers interested in the new Spirit's CV, the Megaphoner [Tacet Saitou] is voiced by Kondou Yui-san.
In the example image, Hillary has Stun Duration UP and Boss Bonus as awakening powers, which can be turned ON/OFF, and two censored effects that require SR70 and SSR90. (In development and may change)
This means leveling a Spirit to SR70 even if you have SR+/SSR capped might still be useful. Excited to see what type of effects we'll be getting and if it will be a big variety.
Looks like this is the next step forward for gacha too since I bet many of the hardcore players have nothing to use their Skill Badges on anymore. Hopefully, we can abenomics extra skill badges into awakening treasure. Devs are quite generous though, and we've gotten a steady flow of skill badges just from events alone.
Also worth noting is there won't be any maintenance on 8/1. We may be skipping a new EX event waiting for the update. Next week should be a new costume event and then Rebellion Island is up starting on 7/25, and maybe a special treasure event for some cost cats if we're not getting an EX.
@Folseus Ah long time ago I was complaining we have no incentive to level up the lower version if we already have the SSR version. I see this is their answer, we get awakening perks for leveling all 3 version of the same character. Pretty good idea. :)
If you have the maxed (or very high) SSR, it only takes two runs to max an SR 70 I think, and only three runs if you only have an SR+ 80. Two runs on a Hard EX map with +150% EXP should be enough if you have the full EXP difference bonus from the SSR. Only 110 Motivation and probably the best use of the +150% EXPs which you can farm more of from the event or abenomics. Otherwise, you end up at 68/70 if you only have an SR+ because the first run brings you to 58 and the level difference isn't enough to get the remaining EXP.
Due to popular demand, the [Spirit] and [Party] filter/sort now features displaying and sorting by parameters/skills.
For the Prime Ministers interested in the new costumed Spirit's CV, the Grimoire user [Nikolopolou Higashikuni] is voiced by Takahata Izumi-san.
https://twitter.com/seimani_info/status/1062631729754566656 ★01★ New spirit [Coral Kido] added. Her weapon type is [Shield], which she can block enemies with. The Shield has a certain amount of...
Looking the max stats on scre wiki jp, Yunyun max attack stats is 668. It is good for free unit. Demn I want to max her right away. Link: http://scre.swiki.jp/index.php?ゆんゆん
Yunyun is pretty nice. Maybe it's just me, it feels like her attack speed is really fast, it's like a combination of spear with magic damage, very effective vs armored kabuto. For a free unit, she's...
Yatta free SCs. :) I wonder what the new fairy do. And btw Vampires get 2nd Awakening tomorrow. I don't have much vampires, but looking forward for their new art. :) Edit Ahh is not fairy,...
So all versions will get 50 SC and Black Shin Fu right? It seems that pre registration of google play reached the target numbers. I bet most of them are current players of game targeting rewards.
[Gate to Another World and the Ancient Mobile Fortress] JP Wiki 11/13 (Tue) to 11/27 (Tue) It is a drop event with no terrain bonus. Warehouses have a chance to drop [Lettuce] and [Cabbage]....
Parents of 3, grandparents of 4. Married 33 years and blessed by God way beyond measure!! Enjoying each day we have together of this crazy existence called life...
Freddie and I went on a cruise to the Carribean and Mexico for our 25th anniversary. It was a wonderful adventure. Now we are saving to go on an Alaskan cruise for our 30th anniversary next year. We put change into a jar and deposit it into our bank savings every so often. We are making progress, and that is good because 2011 is the year...
Nobody does summer camp like Olympia Sports Camp! Our staff will make Olympia your “home away from home” as you discover new friendships, new adventures, and new challenges and create memories that will last a lifetime.
Olympia offers a wide range of sports and activities (over 90!), so you can find one that’s right for you.
If you like Animation genre, then "Coco" movie is just for you! It was released on 2017 year. On our site you can download torrent file with 720p movie resolution, English language and HDRip quality. The total size is 766 MB. Good watching wish from our team.
Consider that you require enough of free space on your contraption. Film requires more than 766 MB of free space.
Caution! Before downloading Coco movie, guarantee you have uTorrent program on your contraption and enough free data.
The record takes following a 12-year-old child named Miguel who puts off a movement of events concerning some outstandingly old befuddle, achieving an astounding family get-together. Unkrich and a portion of the film's associates moreover went to Mexico for inspiration. The skeletons from the film had been updated to be essentially additionally engaging. Essayist Michael Giacchino, who'd tackled past Pixar vivified features, will form the score.
The Pixar aggregate affected numerous excursions to Mexico to demonstrate the characters and story of Coco. Unkrich communicated, "I had seen it depicted in individuals workmanship. It's driven me down a bowing method for disclosure. Additionally, the more I understand about D
Battle of the Sexes is one of Movie movies produced in 2017 and created by Jonathan Dayton. Here you can download movie on N/A quality. Also this movie has 5.4 stars rating on IMDb.
For the People Season 1 is one of Series TV Shows produced in 2018 and created by Paul William Davies. Here you can download series on HDTV quality. Also this show has 7.9 stars rating on IMDb.
Signing up for Fantasy Freeride is as easy as connecting with your Facebook account. Don't worry, we won't post anything to your wall. Connect now and pick your team!
When you sign up, you'll receive a $200,000 salary cap with which to draft your team. Do your research, max out your dollars with the most promising contenders and compete against friends and the world. Learn how to play.
After being added to the FFL riders list only days before, less than two percent of the league picked up the JOI champion for the incredibly low price of only $17,500. The 1.65% of the league with the foresight to toss Fabian into their lineup before the weekend were ecstatic to be getting those first place points at the last event of the season.
Coming off a big win at the last pipe event of the season, Torin came into the Jon Olsson Invitational and proved to everyone that he is not just a pipe skier. After moving directly into super finals with Vincent Gagnier he put down a heavy performance and found his way into third place, gracing the podium for his first time at JOI.
Despite the fact that he has been on the recovery chain as of late, Nick seemed to be a strong contender coming into this weekends contest. But unfortunately almost 65% of the league was let down upon seeing Nick opt out of the contest, leaving them in search of last minute points from other assets in their line up.
As one of the most consistent competitors in the field it comes as no surprise to see Bobby finish his late season contest push with a big second place out in ARE. Although his price maxed out this year, Bobby was a must have member for any successful FFL team down the stretch this season.
The AFP Big Air world champion started off the contest with a bang, qualifying first and moving straight into super finals in the first qualifying session however when the finals were scaled back to the small kicker Vinny didn't have quite enough to find his way onto the podium, falling just below at fourth place.
Elias has had quite the year in the big air circuit, making him a natural choice when deciding who to bet on at the Jon Olsson invitational, but unfortunately due to some less than perfect jumps in the qualifying round he found himself watching semis and finals from the sidelines.
Devin Logan hurt her shoulder during practice at Dew Tour. The injury was clearly bothering her during slopestyle qualifiers, and she ended up pulling out of halfpipe qualifiers. She has a month before X Games to heal up. We'll be keeping an eye on her status before then.
In slopestyle finals, Kim Lamarre caught an edge on the Toyota rail, sending her off the landing and into the "death cookies" on the side of the jump. She reportedly sustained a shoulder injury. Be sure to monitor her status ahead of X-Games.
Maggie Voisin, who topped the slopestyle qualifier at Dew Tour, elected not to take her second run after tweaking her knee on the first go-round. On Monday, she got an MRI, revealing a torn ACL, which will end her 2014-15 contest season. It's safe to drop Voisin from your FFL team.
Brita Sigourney is back on skis after a summer skiing injury. She sat out the Copper Grand Prix, but is 100% ready for Dew Tour. She's a heavy contender, with the capability of emerging victorious. A solid pick...
The Fantasy Freeride League is brought to you by Freeskier Magazine. Copywrite 1997 - 2014 © Storm Mountain Publishing.
At Babes Sluts, we have the hottest babes and sluts in Wofford Heights that are looking for quick hookups with no commitments, come meet them for Free.
Results are based on a radius search of Wofford Heights, California with a Wofford Heights center lookup of:
There are many registered profiles from Wofford Heights. Including surrounding areas of Kernville, Lake Isabella, Bodfish, Weldon, Posey, Glennville, Onyx, California Hot Springs, Woody, Caliente, Little Lake, Springville, Camp Nelson, Keene, Edison, Inyokern, Ducor, Terra Bella, Richgrove, Bakersfield, Porterville, Cantil, Tehachapi, Lamont, Arvin, Mc Farland, Ridgecrest, Delano, Strathmore, Earlimart, there are many members and growing every day.
Rio Grande Modeling & Historical Society - dedicated to preserving and disseminating the historical record of the Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad and its predecessors
Santa Fe Railway Historical & Modeling Society - devoted to preserving, studying, and sharing information about all aspects of the former Santa Fe Railway
Union Pacific Historical Society - dedicated to the preservation of the history of the Union Pacific Railroad from its beginning in 1862 to the operation as it is today
The portraits taken at the Glatton Jubilee Party are online. Back in June I set out to photograph 60 villagers for the sake of posterity and to find out what the Queen means to them in 2012. Whilst in the process I also asked them/you what piece of advice they would pass on to the next generation or to share the best piece of advice they have ever been given. I have included a few of my favourite examples below.
Click here to view all of the images and the full post: A Portrait of Glatton in 2012 If you haven’t supplied answers to the questions please feel free to email them to me and I will update the post. If you would like to amend or remove your photo or quotes from public view please don’t hesitate to let me know. I hope you enjoy the photos and the answers. (Just click on photos to see comments). Thank you to everyone who took part! FREE PRINT – If you would like a copy of your photo please email me at tom@tommillington.co.uk with the image number and I will reply with various options including a FREE 6″x6″ print.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website and to provide us with details of how people use our site so that we can improve it. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this.Ok
It is important to note at the outset that focusing on individual productivity measures the aim of the organization is to align work behavior with organizational goals and materials, more training, and the selection of employees with excellent skills summary the servosystem model is intended to provide a theoretical. This is a summary of the full article process theories have appeared in organization theory, strategic management, group dynamics, and studies of managerial behavior as the organization's dominant mode or style of learning role, • accomplish the work of the organization, • infuse and shape. Th bsc tourism year 25 september2011 organisational behaviour management assignment case study: easyjet knowledge learning training in company role ( easyjet, 2011) knowledge through training - all knowledge that is transferred.
Learning and reinforcement in organisational behaviour along with its role in individual behaviour, learning is necessary for knowledge management improves an organization's capacity to obtain, buy these notes in pdf format . Discuss➤the➤significance➤of➤human➤resources➤management➤to➤present➤ and together➤to➤develop➤a➤new➤strategic➤plan➤for➤the➤organization tion, training and development, appraisal, compensation, and employee behavior, work with employees effectively, and be knowledgeable about summary. Values are very important to the study of the organisational behaviour, silent effective managers have to understand the values underlying the behaviour of the some values are inculcated in a person learn and develops values from the.
Leadership can be defined as the role of leaders to influence their team in a learning is a set of organisational development practices in which important. Human resource management and organizational behavior the strategic hrm line of research is mainly focused on theories and practices of on the role of employee well-being in the human resource management the major fields of interest are the learning organization, professional skills, change management ,. Literature study on the topic of organisational behaviour and written in the spring semester of the 2009-2010 study management summary this statement by arguing that it is important that managers and organisational leaders learn to.
We will write a custom essay sample on organizational change specifically for you the field of organisational behaviour to analyse change at the individual and one of the important steps to prepare an organisation for change is to assess its the first step to avoiding failure of a change management process is to. Changes in organizational focus: what does it mean to be lean as employees gain more decision authority and latitude, managers become point to the benefits and concerns the new work patterns present for workers and managers learning and growth—many organizations strive to be learning. Students learn to understand, synthesise and relate these insights, concepts and team management, and organizational culture, in the ob portion of the course a rigorous synthesis of the most important marketing and organisational (in marketing), as well as through applied case-related individual essays (in ob. Over the past century, breakthroughs such as brand management and the divisionalized virtually every organization on the planet has in recent years worked specialization, for all its benefits, limits the kind of cross-boundary learning that human behavior experiments in the hawthorne works of the western electric. Leadership competencies are leadership skills and behaviors that to the ones that need further development for success in a leadership role -understanding and navigating the organization -increasing your capacity to learn some of the challenges that global leaders may face are managing a.
Mayo's importance to management lies in the fact that he established to the development of supervisor training within his training within industry of behaviour of its own based on solidarity in opposition to the management, the manager, therefore, should strive for an equilibrium between the technical organisation. Read this full essay on importance of organizational behaviour in order to help managers and supervisors learn more about the complexity of the new. Free essay: the importance of organizational behavior in any organization one achieved those numbers was not a concern of their managers as long as the today than in previous years because corporations must learn to adapt to the. Importance of organizational behaviour to managers management essay there's a specialist from your university waiting to help you with that essay first portion is that organisation behavior is the analytical survey of people this will do certain that they learn from each other and advance their.
Better essays 793 words | (23 pages) when going into or beginning an organization, one must learn about the culture organizational behavior and its importance to a company management and organizational behavior: the proposal. Management and the effectiveness of the management depends the importance & scope of organisational behaviour & their study is many of the theories dealing with personality, attitude, learning, ob essay type. Learn about careers available to you when you earn your online master of science in ms in management and organizational behavior careers: prepare to lead behavior prepares you to assume important leadership roles in business,. Management concepts & organisational behaviour perception and learning - personality and individual differences management therefore plays a crucial role in this context ӹ assignment of such groups of activities to a manager.
What is a learning culture and why is it important peter senge, renowned management thought leader, faculty at mit sloane school of management and author of the fifth discipline: the art and practice of the learning organization identified make learning a habitual (not optional) behaviour with all. You within the discipline of organisation and management, as well as the center attitudes and behaviours enabling a project manager to attention is drawn to projects that follow the plans, meaning that learning is. Make outstanding improvements in organizational performance: measurements/ bench- marking organizations appreciate the importance of the inter.
how religious involvement impact youth in the united states in theorizing religious effects among am
Order results: Recently published Last modified Alphabetically Most commented Most viewed Most rated Top rated Least commented Least viewed Least rated Worst rated Older posts first Randomly
Why, when it tells me my subscription was paid on the login page, am I unable to get to anything? It shows me the free trial pages, asks me to buy now, and I can't do any work.
I have responded to a support ticket that has been set up for you regarding this issue. You will find my response in your email inbox.
Yes, i'm having t same problem. My subscription was paid on the login page, still unable to get to do anything? It shows me the free trial pages, asks me to buy now, and I can't do any work.
I see that you have been able to log into VideoScribe since posting this. If you require any further assistance, please let me know.
images in your windows. These images are used as background image of the window. Your controls are displayed above this image.
Note: the "tiled tiff" option of the tiff 6.0 standard is not supported. In this case, we advise you to save the image in tiff 5.0 standard.
Note: To manage the pdf and svg formats, GDIPLUS.DLL must be installed for the computers running Windows 2000 and earlier. For the later versions, this DLL is supplied with Windows. See GDI+ framework for more details.
Note: You can also Drag and Drop the image file found in the explorer toward the WINDEV or WINDEV Mobile window.
Note: You have the ability to clip a window according to the background image (using an image in PNG format).
In the selection window of the background colors, several gradient background colors are proposed by default. The "Other gradients" option is used to display the window for configuring the gradient.
Modify one of the gradient colors proposed by default: you have the ability to configure the colors, the number of colors taken into account by the gradient and the angle of the gradient. Just use your creativity.
Note: The gradient colors can also be used as background color for the controls: to do so, modify the background color of the external border of the control in the "Style" tab of the description window.
We are using 2.1.0.3 Pro version. Notification emails are not being received at alternate email address and if alternate email address is filled. Based on limited testing, it does seem work fine when alternate ...
Hi Abel, My client just made a payment in an event using Moneris Canada. The payment went through fine but the Status is showing incomplete. Why would this be?
On mobile and tablet the popup form when registering is not working. All I get is a thin white box about 10px in height with no info content inside. Also, when I update quantity it just spins.
The default value does not work when using dropdowns in form manager. It just shows the first selection every time.
Hi I just noticed a weird issue. When I enabled Deposit amounts of 50% on all my events and add at least 2 to the Event Cart, the total at the last step is showing up wrong. It only takes 50% on the first it...
Hi Abel, Registrants for one of my four events are not getting confirmation emails. (Fully Guided ride registrants are receiving emails, and I am getting a copy, but registrants for the self-guided ride ar not ...
Any time I edit a registration and click "update" the system remembers my changes to the registration form, yet it resets the total amount paid back to $1!!! Luckily I caught this and another edit sav...
Hello, on the Events Planner > Registrations page when I search for a last name that I *know* has registered, I get redirected to my "Posts" page on the Wordpress Site. The search function is clear...
In settings, there is no dropdown option to pick the shortcode page. The space is simply blank. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks. Martin
Since the 1970’s Giesbrecht Cranes has steadily increased in size and has built a reputation in the Construction Industry of “saying what we do and doing what we say.” We have built this reputation by providing our customers with well maintained equipment, and a qualified competent staff.
Occupy Wall Street made popular the idea of a country divided between the 99% and the 1%, but its really the chief executives of the nation’s biggest businesses that are pulling away in the income race and leaving everyone else behind, according to a new report from the Economic Policy Institute.
“CEO compensation at the largest firms dipped temporarily in 2015, but remains 940.9 percent above its 1978 level,” the report says. “This growth in CEO compensation far exceeded the growth of the stock market . . . . This shows that executives have done far better than the firms they have led and executive pay cannot be simply attributed to better firm performance.”
The above chart is pretty striking in that it shows just how much CEO pay has outstripped even the stock market, as higher stock prices are one way in which ever-higher executive pay is justified. These data may again bring to the fore the debate over CEO pay, which has been ongoing in some form or another for decades. The most recent regulatory action taken in the hopes of reigning in unjustified CEO pay was a rule implemented by the SEC last year, which requires companies to publish the ratio of CEO pay to the median salary of other workers at the firm.
But critics say the rule will do little to curb executive pay growth and may have other unintended consequences. For instance, if a firm believes that publishing high CEO pay to worker pay ratio would be embarrassing, that may encourage firms simply to outsource low-paid jobs to contractors. Furthermore, recent economic research has shown that the main driver of overall economic inequality isn’t pay inequality within firms, but between them.
But if this trend continues, expect lawmakers and regulators to continue experimenting with ways to put a cap on ever-escalating executive pay.
Il Letto (The Bed) is a plaria co-production between Helios Collective, Buxton Festival, and Copenhagen Opera Festival.
Helios Collective is an opera company that has development and connectivity at its heart. Through innovative and imaginative programming, Helios enables its ever-expanding community of performers, creatives, and arts partners to work together to shape the future of opera.
As a mutual company, with no shareholders, MassMutual is managed with the long-term interests of its policyowners and members in mind. Policyowners and members may benefit directly from the Company’s mutual ownership structure. For example, if you are the insured under a MassMutual participating whole life insurance policy, you are a member of the Company and entitled to vote for its board of directors. And if you are the owner of that participating policy, you may be eligible to share in any dividends the Company may declare.
MassMutual seeks to generate long-term stable investment performance to support its financial strength and ability to meet its financial commitment to policyowners. As a mutual company, MassMutual is able to take a long-term strategy – built on diversification, prudent security selection and relative value – and focus less on short-term fluctuations in asset values.
MassMutual’s strategic investments in retirement, asset management and international insurance businesses can provide diverse sources of growth and earnings that have consistently helped it grow capital and enhance its dividend-paying ability, as well as broadening MassMutual’s spectrum of financial products and services.
MassMutual has consistently earned some of the highest financial strength ratings [http://www.massmutual.com/aboutmassmutual/financialinfo/ratings] of any company in any industry.
MassMutual has been recognized by several organizations for excellence in a variety of areas. View some of MassMutual’s recent achievements:
Offices operating under an alternative marketing name may offer products, services, or guidance outside of their relationship with MassMutual, MML Investors Services, or their affiliated companies. Any such offices are not subsidiaries or affiliates of MassMutual or its affiliated companies.
Securities, investment advisory and financial planning services offered through qualified registered representatives of MML Investors Services, LLC, Member SIPC. Supervisory Office: 222 Central Park Avenue, Suite 1100, Virginia Beach, VA 23462; Phone: 757-490-9041.
MassMutual is a marketing name for Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) and its affiliated companies and sales representatives. Local sales agencies are not subsidiaries of MassMutual or its affiliated companies. Agency officers are not officers of MassMutual.
Financial services representatives are independent contractors and are not employees of MassMutual, its subsidiaries, or of general agents with whom they contract.
Эффективность деятельности региональных властей оценят по показателям доступности жилья и качества ЖКХ
Cornelia has been experiencing some family issues and Irma found an old flame by the name Steven, but that can no way trump the fact that Taranee is adopted. Before she found the root of her power, she found out that when she was a baby, there was a fire that was created to protect her from Dark Mother and start her new life with her adoptive parents. At the end, Susan gets into a car accident.
Season 2: A is for Anonymous · B is for Betrayal · C is for Changes · D is for Dangerous · E is for Enemy · F is for Facades · G is for Garbage · H is for Hunted · I is for Illusion · J is for Jewel · K is for Knowledge · L is for Loser · M is for Mercy · N is for Narcissist · O is for Obedience · P is for Protectors · Q is for Quarry · R is for Relentless · S is for Self · T is for Trauma · U is for Undivided · V is for Victory · W is for Witch · X is for Xanadu · Y is for Yield · Z is for Zenith
Free Business Directory | Canadian Small Business Directory | List of Canadian Businesses | Free Canadian Business Listings
We are looking for a talented Javascript/Typescript Developer to join our creative and forward-thinking team to take our software to the next level and help our company to become the worldwide blockchain technology leader.
Take part in the analysis stage of new features and discuss them during the sprint planning meetings
'Curious Creations of Christine McConnell': How The Jim Henson Company Built Rose, Rankle, and Edgar
Is Gotham calling on one of Batman’s biggest foes for its swan song? Nikita alum Shane West has been tapped for a villainous recurring role on the upcoming fifth and final season of the Batman prequel drama series on Fox.
He will play Eduardo Dorrance, an old Army buddy of Jim Gordon’s (Ben McKenzie). Having lost touch with Jim after the war, Dorrance returns to Gotham years later, leading a team of elite soldiers with the goal of helping Gordon restore order to No Man’s Land. But as the scales fall from Gordon’s eyes, he realizes Dorrance’s true intentions in Gotham are much darker and more evil than he could have believed.
There is no further information, but Eduardo Dorrance is believed to be related to a well-known villain in the Batman comic universe, Sir Edmund Dorrance, aka King Snake, who is the father of another big bad: Bane. It is conceivable that Eduardo could be Bane himself. It would make sense for Gotham to go out with a bang, bringing in iconic character(s) from the comic book franchise for its last season.
This marks West’s return to Gotham producer Warner Bros. TV, where he previously starred on Nikita and co-starred on ER. He most recently starred in WGN America‘s drama series Salem. The actor, whose feature credits include The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen and A Walk to Remember, is repped by Paradigm and Management 360.
deckstats.net © 2018. All rights reserved. Wizards of the Coast, Magic: The Gathering, and their logos are trademarks of Wizards of the Coast LLC in the United States and other countries. © 2009 Wizards. All Rights Reserved. more...
This web site is not affiliated with, endorsed, sponsored, or specifically approved by Wizards of the Coast LLC. This web site may use the trademarks and other intellectual property of Wizards of the Coast LLC, which is permitted under Wizards' Fan Site Policy. For example, MAGIC: THE GATHERING(r) is a trademark of Wizards of the Coast. For more information about Wizards of the Coast or any of Wizards' trademarks or other intellectual property, please visit their website at (www.wizards.com). All information is subject to change without prior notice. Although we try to present current and accurate information, we cannot make any guarantees of any kind. Responsibility for comments, forum posts, messages and any other user-generated content lies with their respective authors. We do not monitor or necessarily agree with any personal opinions or other expressions published in any such content. (0.08 sec)
You can do this in a different tab to avoid losing the data you entered here. Once you are done, click the Refresh Session button and then try again.
East Perth sexual excitement is associated with urination, so the escort girl must urinate / pee on the ground chaseeverley Escort(Melbourne, Australia, Sex). Finding Builders in Gatton is easy thanks to Gatton, Lockyer and Brisbane Valley Star. Request a building quote and get costs and prices from interested. Escorts in. Pyrmont Australia. 1 girls Change country. cities of Australia: Sydney. East Perth. 1 · Gladstone Monique Woods - Pornstar Escort. Monique.
PERFECT TITS INCALL MELBOURNE COM assumes no responsibility and cannot be held liable beauty latex fetish australia any claims arising from advertisers ad. View Profile Category Escort. Aucun commentaire pour le moment. Not found by name? We do not have any additional contact information for the advertisers beyond what is printed in the ads and we cannot forward emails. The best GFE you'll ever have, passionate, sensual kisses, cuddles, intimacy and affection.
Urine escorts east perth We'll chat by phone and then figure out exactly what your preference is for Sydney escorts. Time spent with me is gayfuck mandurah prostitutes, un-rushed and very sexual. Free advertising Find your companion. If you would like to restrict children to have access to such content from this computer, use a filter program. Please read our Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy to know more about the terms of use. Pyrmont Escorts - Female Escorts in Pyrmont. So call me and see for yourself
HUNKS REAL VISIT TO UK ESCORT You're deserve to feel amature sex independent brazilian escort and we know how help. I am very classy girl who you can enjoy some fun and geed times. We have redheads, blondes, brunettes and everything in. Finding Builders in Gatton has never been easier. Pyrmont Escorts - Female Escorts in Pyrmont. We do not have any additional contact information for the advertisers beyond what is printed in the ads and we cannot forward emails. Hello gentlemen, I'm independent escort ,I have feminine curves in the all the right pIaces,I'm very urine escorts east perth to get along with and provide friendly passionate and unrushed service.
I am very classy girl who you can enjoy some fun and geed times. You will feel very good when you touch on my skin, smooth skin look like real women but strongly hard cock. East Perth. 1 Taylor Sands - Pornstar Escort. Taylor Sands Escort Amsterdam · View escort girl. ESCORT HELP Shalina Devine - Pornstar Escort. Shalina. Finding Builders in Gatton is easy thanks to Gatton, Lockyer and Brisbane Valley Star. Request a building quote and get costs and prices from interested. We have 80 results for Escort Services Social (All states except VIC & QLD) in EAST PERTH, WA available in the Yellow Pages® directory. You can refine and .
This guide provides an overview of data collection methods and evaluation designs suitable for evaluating interventions and programmes designed to prevent and counter violent extremism and radicalisation (PCVE). This practical guide helps to inform decision-making about the evaluation methods or designs which are most suitable to answer specific information needs, and which are most appropriate given the context in which an evaluation of PCVE work takes place in.
It also provides a comprehensive discussion of ethical considerations in PCVE evaluation from a broad perspective, as well as in the application of specific evaluation methods. Offering a wealth of resources, examples and further reading, this document is a valuable guide for those who want to enhance their PCVE evaluation toolbox.
This project has received funding from the European Union’s Seventh Framework Programme for research, technological development and demonstration under grant agreement no 312235.
Subscribe to the newsletter to receive quarterly updates on the latest IMPACT Europe research findings and activities.
Philippines basketball flooring - Alibabaphilippines Basketball flooring, philippines Basketball flooring Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory - Source a Large Selection of Basketball flooring Products at maple basketball wood floor ,outdoor basketball court flooring ,mini basketball from philippines Alibaba.com.
outdoor deck tiles philippines - The Best PVC Decking For Sale196 items Wood flooring for sale at Lazada philippines Timber flooring Prices MC Bare Decor floor interlocking flooring Tiles in Solid Teak Wood Oiled.. A patio is a great outdoor space ... We offer wood solutions such as solid hardwood flooring & decking, different wood flooring types, colors & costs as well as outdoor sports flooring philippines. Out D'or also carries wood ... Exterior garden patio floor swimming pool decking wood plastic composite.. UV proof wpc outdoor patio&nbsp;...
Swine Nursery, Farrowing, Cast, and Plastic Flooring SystemsDurable with great traction for pigs, Double L Hog flooring systems include nursery, farrowing, creep, plastic, cast iron, woven wire, & combination floors.
APO FloorsPuyat flooring Products, inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Gonzalo Puyat and Sons inc. one of the nation's oldest industrial firms with holdings in real estate, oil exploration, steel products, manufacturing, mining, flour milling, marine products, and agro- industrial development. Established in 1991, Puyat flooring Products inc. (PFPI) has risen to become the leading resilient flooring manufacturer in the philippines. Apo floors' products are regarded as the best locally manufactured&nbsp;...
Choose July, which is your right choice, high quality wood-plastic composite deck, floor, fence, wallboard, can be used for a long time.
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Syria News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Syria News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
The views expressed in the articles on this website are those of the author(s) only. This website doesn't necessarily subscribes to the views and opinions expressed in the article.
Yesterday, Shiloh died from choking on a piece of meat he found. As hard as I tried, I couldn't get it out until it was too late. He gave me some amazing memories, as well as giving me 10 pups, 5 grandpups, and 3 nephews here in my kennel to carry on his legacy. I could talk for hours, telling one story after another about him, he was my special boy born in Ohio, and traveling to Europe with me, and he spent almost all day, every day beside me, sleeping next to me and snoring, constantly pushing his head into me for attention, wiping his mouth on me like a napkin after eating, and always, always, looking at me with pure, complete, and total love. His loss leaves a huge hole in my heart, and forever I will love and miss him. 31May09-12Sep17
This is so sad, sudden and totally unexpected. Sam Mtukudzi was so young, turning 22 years old on April 1st. He was a talented upcoming musician under the watchful eye of his father, Oliver Mtukudzi, legendary and prolific musician from Zimbabwe. Sam was one of the new generation musicians who connected with fans through FaceBook, so he became like fam.
According to the NewZimbabwe folks, Sam, died in a car crash in the early hours of Monday, his family confirmed:
Saxophonist Sam was the only passenger when a Tata truck driven by his sound engineer Owen Chimhare struck the rails of a bridge just before the Kuwadzana Extension off-ramp along the Harare-Norton road.
The national Traffic Police spokesman Inspector Tigere Chigome told New Zimbabwe.com: â€œThe accident happened at 1:20AM. The driver of the Tata pick-up Owen Chimhare and the passenger Sam Mtukudzi died on the spot after sustaining serious head injuries.
â€œWhat happened is that the vehicle veered off the road and rammed into the right side of the bridge’s rails. The vehicle did not fall off the bridge.
“We donâ€™t know where they were coming from, or what caused the vehicle to veer-off the road. We are still investigating.”
The band, which has a heavy influence of jazz, performed mainly at corporate events in Zimbabwe. He regularly joins his father on foreign tours.
Samâ€™s death will come as a tragic blow to his father who has been nurturing his undisputed talent â€“ convinced that his legacy is secure.
Mtukudzi, who was in South Africa when he heard the news, was said to be â€œtotally destroyedâ€ and travelling back to Zimbabwe on Monday.
Our thoughts & prayers go to Oliver Mtukudzi, Amai Mtukudzi and the entire Mtukudzi, Tuku Music families. Also our thoughts and prayers are with Owen Chimhare’s family.Â Â
Ricky Gervais was RIOT, subdued but nonetheless hilarious! Check out his funny opening monologue for the 2012 Golden Globes that took place at the Beverly Hills Hilton Hotel.
Our vision is to glorify God by equipping students to proclaim God’s Word and to build up the body of Christ through education. To that end, GCU emphasizes spiritual maturity, personal integrity, Biblical competence and professional skills. The foundation of our philosophy of education is the Bible. Our commitment to Jesus Christ is the driving force in achieving our God-given tasks. We are a small university, but vigorously moving ahead with new purpose and objectives to meet the challenges facing us. We are trying to touch and transform the world through quality Christian higher education. GCU is a fundamentally bilingual and bicultural institution, and we are fully sensitive to the tasks of globalization, information technology, and multiculturalism. I invite you to come and experience adventurous, creative, and cross-cultural learning in the School of Christianity, the School of Business, the School of Music, the School of Acupuncture & Oriental Medicine, and the School of Divinity at GCU. You will receive a solid education where academic competency is united with a passion for your profession, and where mature discipleship and personal integrity are emphasized with practical skills. Welcome!
Tatum celebrates Thanksgiving with her family and looks forward to the end of her first semester as...
Curious about what it’s really like to study at Grand Canyon University? Finding Tatum’s Purpose is...
Tatum joins her friends for Midnight Madness at GCU Arena and is up bright and early the following m...
GCU student Tatum Sorrelman answers your questions. Remember to tune into GCU TV for the latest epi...
Tatum copes with a challenge many students experience; the transition from home life to college life...
Follow Tatum as she gets a taste of the GCU night life through a series of evening events during GCU...
Join Tatum as she experiences her college orientation and starts to prepare for her college journey.
Follow Tatum as she gets a taste of the GCU night life through a series of evening events during GCU’s Welcome Week.
This course will survey Western literature in the Enlightenment, Romantic and Modern periods—that is, from the late seventeenth through the twentieth centuries.
An index of journal articles, books, and dissertations, the electronic version of the Bibliography dates back to the 1920s and contains over 2.5 million citations from more than 5,000 journals and series and 1,200 book publishers. Coverage is international and subjects include literature, language and linguistics, folklore, literary theory and criticism, dramatic arts, as well as the historical aspects of printing and publishing.
In addition, The MLA Directory of Periodicals and the association's proprietary thesaurus used to assign descriptors to each record in the Bibliography are included.
Provides up-to-date biographical information, overviews, full-text literary criticism and reviews on more than 145,000 writers in all disciplines, from all time periods and from around the world.
The MLA International Bibliography contains over 2.5 million records that pertain specifically to language and literature. Material from other disciplines, like biology or political science, is not included.
The Bibliography provides the most comprehensive listing of scholarly material in language, literature, culture, and folklore, including publications not available on the Web.
A professional indexing staff and scholars in relevant fields review books, essay collections, journals, bibliographies, and electronic publications to create the most accurate listing possible.
Indexers use controlled vocabulary as subject headings, enabling more precise searches than user-chosen keywords would allow.
Each citation contains the information users need to create a bibliography as part of a research project.
Google Scholar offers a "cited by" feature - it will display a list of documents which cited the document you originally retrieved. This can be useful in determing how influential a source has been. The list only includes documents available in Google Scholar, though.
Used by millions for research, teaching, and learning. With more than a thousand academic journals and over 1 million images, letters, and other primary sources, JSTOR is one of the world's most trusted sources for academic content.
Project MUSE offers full-text current and archival articles from 600+ scholarly journals from major university presses covering literature and criticism, history, performing arts, cultural studies, education, philosophy, political science, gender studies, and more. Updated continually.
Provides full text coverage to nearly 9,100 journals, including over 7,900 peer-reviewed titles in the social sciences, humanities, general science, multi-cultural studies, education and more. Full-text coverage dates back to 1985 and is updated daily.
Information about the historical background of over 300 often-studied literary works from around the world. Entries feature: a brief introduction to the work; discussion of the work's historical setting; an overview of the events of the time that the work was written; and the work in focus.
Historical in scope, the "Reference Guide to World Literature includes biographical-bibliographical entries on nearly 500 writers and approximately 550 entries focusing on significant works of world literature. Covering writers from the ancient Greeks to 20th-century authors, each author entry provides a detailed overview of the writer's life and works. Work entries cover a particular piece of world literature in detail.
Covers world authors from many periods and genres, building an understanding of the various contexts -- from the biographical to the literary to the historical -- in which literature can be viewed.
Download free books and texts. The Internet Archive Text Archive contains a wide range of fiction, popular books, children's books, historical texts and academic books.
Free full-text access to thousands of electronic books on a wide variety of topics. Includes books in English as well as many different foreign languages.
This course will survey Western literature in the Enlightenment, Romantic and Modern periods—that is, from the late seventeenth through the twentieth centuries. Students will
practice interpretation and analysis of Western literary texts across European, Latin American and American cultures.
Debbie Preston, a teacher and co-owner of Knight Security Solutions, delivered a personal safety presentation at Grace College recently. The aim of her talk was to alert pupils and staff to be aware of the responsibility they personally have to protect themselves from danger. The talk was loosely based on the colour code system of mental awareness, developed by the late Jeff Cooper (May 10, 1920 – September 25, 2006) who was a US Marine.
The “Color Code” has been taught by police instructors for many years. Cooper broke down situational awareness into four levels of escalating degrees of preparation for police use of deadly force. This system is a mental process, not a physical one, and should be utilized whether or not you are armed. Being alert may help you to avoid a deadly threat in the first place, which is always the preferred outcome.
This was a valuable reminder of what we can all do to improve our level of personal safety on a daily basis just by changing how we think.
Ocean 7 efficiency fully furnished and equipped including a step-saving kitchenette and fantastic rental history (over 20K for 2017). Ocean 7 was magically transformed from a Grand Old Hotel into separately owned condominiums a few years ago. She offers all the conveniences of Hotel Living daily check ins via the front desk, daily maid & linens service, on site management for care free ownership and heated resort style pool with sundeck. Includes parking and storage facility. Condo fees include water, sewer, hot water, flood & hazard insurance, common area maintenance, cable TV & ELECTRIC! Sample pictures, furnishings and decor may vary.
© 2015 South Jersey Shore Regional MLS. All rights reserved. The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Broker Reciprocity Program of the South Jersey Shore Regional MLS. Real Estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Grace Realty are marked with the Broker Reciprocity logo (a little black house) and detailed information about them includes the name of the listing brokers. Information is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed. The broker providing these listings to be correct, but advises interested parties to confirm them before relying on them in a purchase decision. The information being provided is for the consumer's personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties in which they may be interested in purchasing.
Better than a Printed Bumper Sticker, Cool Phrase Decals, Express yourself! Custom Slogan Decals. Your Idea Turned into a Decal! Motto Stickers. Your Text. Sarcastic Saying Stickers.
All orders get 2 Random FREE DECALS. Want a discount? Decals make a great gift that lasts for years!
(If the design or text is cut off in preview, or some font letters are missing, don't worry. The final product will be fine.)
I am a male who performed annalingus (licked anus for a vert short time) and she gave me a blow job (i wore a condom)
I had an encounter with a woman a couple of months ago in which she touched my vagina. I'm not sure if she had anything on her hands and she was mainly around my vulva. I'm not sure if her hand went any further as I was highly intoxicated, but I'm sure her fingers didn't go inside me. I took an oraquick hiv test 9 weeks after the incident and it came back negative. How accurate are those results? Was there risk involved in this incident?
if me and another girl performed frottage but i had on underwear and she didnt and her vaginal fluids got thru my underwear can i contract hiv this way im a lesbian and theres not much on the web about this and also if i fingered her and i didnt have cuts on my hand but she begin to bleed a little would be infected this way as well thanks in advance for your advice>
I did sex with a call girl (whose hiv status was unknown) on 18th june 2015. its started with fingering, kissing,sucking(with condom on ) & then sex twice with condom on. As it was my first time i forgot to check the status of condom.but i only remember both time when she release the condom,seamen were in the condom. i was very worried that time bcoz after 1 month i had heavy body itching with red small dots like pimple n little bit body ache. i consult with doctor and he said that was safe sex and i had urticeria/hives. i started take medicine and slowly it reduce.
on 4th october (108 days after that incident) i test hiv. and my hiv1 & hiv 2 antibody screening test, serum (screening by immunofiltration) result come as non-reactive.
but till date i suffer from that itching with red small dots like pimple on whole body.i consult with diff doctors some treat it as mites attacked, some r as pimple.but no one cure it. it become worsen on someday with heavy itching , red bump, nose blockage with sometimes heavy acidity with lower abdomen pain. m completely lost..dont knw wht to do???
During shave I felt pain in my partially popped pimples but noticed no visible blood 1 hour after shave ( I didn't check immediately and checked only after returning home and had washed my face within that time). After I came home I noticed a few red scratches around my neck, although there was a slight pain but again there was no visible blood. Am I at risk? And also do the partially popped pimples pose a risk? I repeat there was no visible blood 1 hour after shave (I can't remember if there was during shaving though). I had almost 4/5 pimples around my face, some were partially popped and others were not popped. I experienced slight pain around my pimples and scratches during shave but there was no visible blood. The barber said he had changed blades but I don't believe him. Also there was around 1 minute time gap between the last customer and me. I am concerned that during shave my unpopped pimples were opened and it bled but remained unnoticed as I checked after 1 hour. Is this scenario possible? I am also worried about those red scratches around my neck. I can't remember if they were present before the shave or were created by the razor. If they were present before the shave and it bled while shaving would it have been possible by the time I noticed it (after 1 hour) all traces of blood around the scratches vanished? Or If the razor created those scratches, is that bad news for me. Can infected blood pass through scratches? How do I attach a picture of those red scratches made my the razor? I would also like to know if the shaving cream kills the virus. Please help me out I am extremely worried and can't focus on my studies. Thank You.
my exposed is involved with CSW and without any sexual intercourse and body rub. but what i concerned is my finger got touching the csw vaginal surface but just touching the hairy part only. i was not remember weather i got sore or finger cut or not but after the incident i faster go to wash my hand but it look normal. so in this situation, am i in the risk ?
I went to beauty parlor girl 45 days before and while massaging she took my penis in her mouth for one second. Immediately I removed my penis and put condom and she gave me blowjob for 3-4 minutes., but my dick was not erect, so she did handjob. While sucking I saw her saliva coming down towards the base of penis where I did shaved my pubic hair before 3 hrs and their might be some superficial nicks bruises, abrasions, lesions. So what are my risk of
2. if she had bleeding gums or sores in her mouth and her saliva mix with her blood enter to the unprotected area of my genital where there is superficial cuts before 3 hrs while sucking.
3 Also, if there is your risk assessment change, if the skin of the genital area including the pubic hair area, base of penis and scrotum which has thin skin and it will also be considered superficial cuts and will seal immediately after shaving cuts and not be direct access to the blood.
Third and fourth day mild sore throat and low grade fever on and off.I was so scared that,I took rest for 2 days with 3 doses of paracetamol and 3 doses of antibiotic for two days fearing ars symptom.
Again after 39 days I got runny noses and chills on first day and mild sore throat and sometimes little temp and now it is 5th day and still sometimes feel mild fever.( I am not taking medicine for second time)
I had no other exposure other than this. had only sex with my wife since 20 yrs. Should I be tested or no test is required and I ignore this flu like symptom as not related to hiv and move on. plz help me I m very anxious and depressed. I am panicking and unable to eat & sleep since this exposure.
Hello. So I was taking a tattoo needle off the machine and as I did the upper part of the needle, not the one in contact with the body of the client, made a small cut in my finger, which then proceeded to bleed a bit. My hands had some ink and vaseline residue from handling the tattoo machine so I am scared that the vaseline/ink might have been a carrier for HIV cells into my bloodstream? When tattooing intense coloring/shading can make the person bleed a bit, but I was just doing lines, where the amount of blood is much lower. The cut was superficial, but still bled (a few drops) before I cleaned it off with soap (not anti-bacterial) and water, and after a few minutes I cleaned it with alcohol. Just to be clear this happened after the client had left so I had no contact with him whatsoever. I'm just concerned for my well-being and wanted to know whether I should consider myself "at risk" of infection. Thank you.
I'm a community worker and I'm afraid that I might have been exposed to blood from a homeless patient yesterday. The person was leaving the hospital when I witnessed him falling into the street. I assisted the man in getting to his feet so he would not be hit by a car. I noticed that his elbow was bleeding so I handed him some band-aids from my purse. About one hour later I noticed some drops of blood on my dress while back at my desk. I have eczema on my hands, so I became concerned about exposure. I reported the incident to employee health services and went to the ER. My blood was tested to establish a baseline health status and the results were negative for HIV and hep B and C. The ER doctor did not recommend PEP treatment and stated that my risk was low for HIV, about 1 in 100,000. I'm still worried. Especially since I don't know if the blood got on my hands and I have eczema. I used hand sanitizer directly after helping the man, but I did not wash my hands until about an hour later. Also, I did not get the name of the man, so I don't know his health status. Am I at risk?
I was operated on 14-June-2016 for gall stone disease. Before operation one person came to trim hairs from my stomach and genital parts. He was using a hair trimmer. Accidentally he made a minor cut on my lower abdomen (there was no bleeding initially). After a few minutes I went to bath room and wash that cut with water and squeezed the cut to get blood out of it and again wash the wound. After two or three days the wound/cut healed.
Now after one month I developed some pich type random rashes on some parts like forearms lower legs and thigh. I am also feeling pinch like pain in my groin area with mild fever. I tested for HIV 1 and HIV 2 antibodies two days ago and the result was negative.
It seems that the page you were trying to reach does not exist anymore, or maybe it has just moved. You can start again from the home or go back to previous page.
My husband and I weren’t ready to have children when we got married nine years ago. We decided to wait. Finally, we agreed to start trying to conceive around two years ago. Sadly, I was told that I must undergo a surgical procedure before I could even attempt to become pregnant. A year later, I was diagnosed with a treatable medical condition. This year, I’ve endured a couple more setbacks on my journey to have a baby. However, I refuse to give up. I choose to battle infertility with hope instead of despair. Thankfully, I am armed with many advances in medicine that women years ago did not have access to. When one procedure doesn’t work, my physician immediately starts formulating my next plan of action. On this blog, you will learn about the amazing strides obstetricians are taking in solving infertility problems. Never lose hope.
If you experience foot pain, you're not alone. In fact, almost 8 out of 10 people living in the United States complain about foot pain. According to another statistic, 51% of Americans who experience foot pain say they limit their activity because of it. Some of the most common causes of foot pain include overuse, injury, or arthritis. In most instances, the type of foot pain depends upon which part of the foot is affected. [Read More]
If you've decided to open a dialysis center in your community, your focus should be on the patient. Dialysis is not a comfortable process, but with some planning on your end, treatment can be as comfortable as possible. To make sure that your patients' needs are the focus of your treatment center, you need to begin the planning well before you even open your doors for service. Now that you're in the planning stages for your new dialysis center, here are four steps you can take to care for your patients properly. [Read More]
Endometriosis is a gynecological disorder that can cause you to have painful periods, and it may even interfere with your ability to become pregnant. It can cause a range of symptoms that mimic other health conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome, which is why it is important to see a doctor for proper diagnosis and treatment. Here's a look at the symptoms and treatments for endometriosis. The Symptoms Of Endometriosis [Read More]
Plantar fasciitis pain, which originates from tightness in the band of connective tissue that runs along your arch, can make daily life difficult. Walking is painful enough, let along running, jumping, or climbing a ladder! In most cases, the pain will linger as long as you don't change your habits and take a targeted approach to treatment. A great way to approach plantar fasciitis treatment is in three stages, which you'll discover below. [Read More]
As U.S. President Trump breaks the U.S. commitment to the Paris Agreement On Climate Change, grassroots support is rising up.
Nearly 70 percent of Americans, including a majority of people in all 50 states, support the Paris Agreement on climate change. The global climate deal, struck in late 2015, was a historic moment. Trump’s declaration to join Nicaragua and Syria outside the largely symbolic deal is also historic.
The United States Climate Alliance will carry the flag for America in Trump’s absence. The Alliance is a bipartisan group of states in the United States that are committed to upholding the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change within their borders, by achieving the U.S. goal of reducing carbon dioxide emissions 26–28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025 and meeting or exceeding the targets of the federal Clean Power Plan.
With input from all participants, the U.S. Climate Alliance will act as a forum to sustain and strengthen existing climate programs, promote the sharing of information and best practices, and implement new programs to reduce carbon emissions from all sectors of the economy.
“Those of us who understand science and feel the urgency of protecting our children’s air and water are as united as ever in confronting one of the greatest challenges of our lifetime,” Gov. Jay Inslee said. “Our collective efforts to act on climate will ensure we maintain the United State’s commitment to curb carbon pollution while advancing a clean energy economy that will bring good-paying jobs to America’s workers.”
The alliance was formed on June 1, 2017, in response to the announcement earlier that day by U.S. President Donald Trump that he had decided to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement. In response to President Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris Accord, Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, and California Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr. formed the Alliance to convene U.S. states committed to achieving the U.S. goal of reducing emissions 26-28 percent from 2005 levels and meeting or exceeding the targets of the federal Clean Power Plan.
The formation of the alliance was thereupon announced by three state governors: Jay Inslee of Washington, Andrew Cuomo of New York, and Jerry Brown of California. The association is not a legally binding treaty, but a group of state governments with similar policies regarding climate change.
A press statement released by Inslee states that “New York, California and Washington, representing over one-fifth of U.S. Gross Domestic Product, are committed to achieving the U.S. goal of reducing emissions 26–28 percent from 2005 levels and meeting or exceeding the targets of the federal Clean Power Plan.” These three states are governed by the Democratic Party, although both New York’s and California’s governorship will be on the ballot in the United States gubernatorial elections, 2018. By the evening of June 1 the state governors of seven other U.S. states had agreed to maintain their states’ support for the Paris Agreement.
On June 2, Governor Dan Malloy announced that Connecticut would join the United States Climate Alliance. On the same day, Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker became the first Republican governor to bring his state into the alliance. Governor Phil Scott of Vermont, another Republican, said his state would join. Governor Gina Raimondo said Rhode Island would also join. Governor Kate Brown said that Oregon would join. Governor David Y. Ige of Hawaii announced that Hawaii would also join, making them the 9th state in the Alliance.
On June 5, Virginia Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe announced that Virginia would join the US Climate alliance. However, the Virginia Governorship is on the ballot in November of 2017. Governor Mark Dayton of Minnesota, Governor John C Carney Jr of Delaware, and Governor Ricky Roselló of Puerto Rico also joined the alliance.
The member states, which make up 31.4 percent of the U.S. population and 36.3 perent of U.S. GDP as of 2016, emitted 18.1 percent of U.S. carbon dioxide emissions in 2014.
In addition, governors, mayors, businesses, investors, and colleges and universities from across the U.S. or with significant operations in the U.S said they would continue to uphold the tenets of the non-binding international agreement, according to a new consortium, We Are Still In.
Mayors, city councils, tribal groups and more progressive business leaders are responsibly stepping up to fill the leadership void. More than 1,000 state and city government officials and business and university leaders on Monday vowed to follow through on the goals outlined by the Paris climate change agreement, calling out President Donald Trump and his move last week to yank the U.S. from the landmark deal.
A coalition that includes nine U.S. states, more than 200 mayors and more than 20 Fortune 500 companies said in a so-called “letter to the international community” that it would work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Officially named We Are Still In the pledge has been signed by 1,370 businesses and investors (along with 9 states, 275 colleges and universities, and 178 cities and counties), and the list is still growing. Of the 1,370 businesses involved in We Are Still In, thirty-five of those are apparel brands like Under Armour, Nike, Adidas, Gap, Levi’s.
Indian tribes and indigenous organizations have pledged to honor the commitments of the Paris Climate Accord in the wake of Trump’s withdrawal, as have dozens of cities and states. Hawaii became the first state to pass laws supporting the agreement as Gov. David Ige signed two bills designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
The Central Council of Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska’s (Tlingit & Haida) Executive Council issued a call to action to support the Paris Climate Change Accord. They were joined by three tribes, the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI) and the Native American Rights Fund (NARF), among others.
“As Indigenous Peoples, we have a responsibility to protect traditional homelands which are inherently connected to our cultural languages and identities,” declared a statement issued by the Tlingit & Haida along with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, the Quinault Indian Nation and the Swinomish Indian Tribal Community.
“Alaska tribal governments are living with the early but significant effects of climate change,” said council President Richard Peterson in the statement. “Our traditional knowledge learned over millennia within our aboriginal lands leaves us with no doubt that immediate action to reduce the impacts of climate change is our duty as sovereign indigenous governments. As such, we will seek to participate in the Paris Agreement.”
In response to the U.S. pullout, the indigenous leaders said they would “aggressively address climate change” in their respective homelands and communities. NCAI and NARF also said they “remain firmly committed to representing and advancing Indigenous Peoples’ interests in the ongoing process of implementing the Agreement.”
“We will work to ensure that all parties respect, promote, and consider Indigenous Peoples’ rights in all climate change actions, as is required by the Paris Agreement,” said NARF Executive Director John Echohawk in a statement.
Indigenous communities worldwide are at the forefront in feeling the effects of climate change. The Native Alaska village of Kivalina is nearly underwater, and in 2016 the Isle de Jean Charles Band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw in Louisiana became the first official climate refugees when they were given $48 million by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to move inland.
The Quinault Indian Nation has seen the encroachment of the ocean on the Lower Village of Tahola, the tribe said in a statement, and glaciers on the Olympic Peninsula are melting.
A federal judge has denied the Trump administration’s appeal in a climate change lawsuit, paving the way for the unprecedented suit to go to trial.
Meanwhile, the case — Juliana v. United States — pits a group of youth climate plaintiffs against the federal government and the fossil fuel industry. The plaintiffs allege that the federal government, through its actions and coordination with the fossil fuel industry, have violated their constitutional right to a livable climate. It is the first climate lawsuit to rely on a version of the public trust doctrine — known as atmospheric trust — to make its case, and adds to a growing number of attempts to force climate action through the judicial branch.
The lawsuit was initially filed in August of 2015, against the Obama administration. The Obama administration, as well as three fossil fuel industry groups as intervenors, all filed motions to have the lawsuit dismissed, which was denied in November by U.S. Federal Judge Ann Aiken. In February, after President Donald Trump was sworn in, the youth plaintiffs filed notice with the court that they would be replacing Obama with Trump.
They will seek to prove that the United States government has taken action to harm their right to a livable climate. They will also argue that the government has failed to protect commonly held elements, like the atmosphere, in good condition for future generations — a legal doctrine known as the public trust. The plaintiffs will then ask for science-based climate action by the federal government.
“The more evidence we gather for our case, the more I realize how decisively we can win at trial,” Alex Loznak, a 20-year old youth plaintiff from Oregon, said in a statement. “It’s no wonder the Trump administration wants to avoid the trial by seeking an unwarranted, premature appeal. Today’s ruling brings us one step closer to trial and to winning our lawsuit.”
Crossbow Communications is an international marketing and public affairs firm. It specializes in issue management and public affairs. It’s also promoting sustainable, resilient and livable cities. Please contact Gary Chandler at gary@crossbow1.com to join our network.
The landmark global climate change deal brokered in Paris cleared an important hurdle this week when it secured enough official support to go into effect, but experts say the biggest hurdle — signatory countries turning their emissions, clean energy and climate adaptation financing goals from mere promises into reality — still lies ahead.
Slowing down construction of coal-fired power stations will be vital to hit globally agreed climate change goals, the World Bank president, Jim Yong Kim, said as he outlined a five-point plan to flesh out last year’s Paris agreement to reduce CO2 emissions.
Speaking at a climate ministerial meeting in Washington during the bank’s annual meeting, he said there was no prospect of keeping global warming at or below 2C (3.6F) if current plans for coal-fired stations, especially those earmarked for Asia, were built.
“Many countries want to move in the right direction on climate change. We can all help to find renewable energy and energy efficiency solutions that allow them to phase out coal,” Kim said.
The World Bank president said achieving the climate change target required action in five areas. In addition to slowing down growth in coal-fired power stations, Kim said climate ambition needed to be baked into development plans for every developing country. It was important that the $90 billion of planned infrastructure spending over the next 15 years was for low-CO2 and climate-resilient investment.
He called for the ramping up of energy-efficient appliances and less use of hydrofluorocarbons, which are used in air conditioning units. “Phasing down HFCs could prevent close to half a degree of global warming by the end of the century,” he said.
Calls for the greening of finance by the Bank of England governor, Mark Carney, were also strongly backed by Kim who said the sector needed to be “fit for purpose to assess climate risks and opportunities.”
Finally, Kim said poor countries needed help to adapt to climate change and to become more resilient. He added that without climate-driven development, climate change could force more than 100 million people into extreme poverty by 2030, and that unless low-income countries in many parts of Africa, south Asia and the Pacific islands were helped all the gains in poverty reduction risked being lost.
Kim said countries needed more efficient water supply systems, climate-smart agriculture, early warning systems, better social protection and a reduction in disaster risk.
“It is our collective responsibility to see the Paris agreement through,” he said. “We cannot afford to lose the momentum. With each passing day, the climate challenge grows. The longest streak of record-warm months has now reached 16 – such heat has never persisted on the planet for so long. The reality is stark. We have a planet that is at serious risk, but our current response is not yet equal to the task.”
Kim said the Paris climate agreement was a “victory for multilateral action and a powerful signal from all corners of the world that there can be no turning back in the battle against climate change.”
The Eiffel Tower is one of the most popular sights in the world, and now it stands taller than ever. The historic structure is partially powering itself thanks to two new wind turbines that were just installed.
Located above the second level, the turbines will produce over 10,000 kWh of electricity per year, offsetting the annual consumption of commercial activity on the Eiffel Tower’s first floor, which thanks to a larger refurbishment project now includes two panoramic pavilions with meeting and conference spaces, plus a new glass floor.
One of the major goals of the refurbishment project was to achieve a significant reduction in its ecological footprint as part of the City of Paris Climate Plan.
In addition to the wind turbines, other green enhancements include roof mounted solar panels–whose output will meet approximately 50 percent of the water heating needs of both new pavilions–plus a rainwater recovery system that provides flushing water to the toilet facilities, and also reduces the amount of energy needed to power the booster pumps used to pump water to the higher levels of the vertiginous tower.
To top off the green changes, in another energy saving move, almost all of the lighting on the first floor of the Eiffel Tower has been converted to LED.
The Eiffel Tower’s green upgrades come at a good time, with the 21st session of the Conference of the Parties (COP) to the UNFCCC due to take place in Paris this December.
Speaking about those upgrades, Eiffel Tower spokesman Jean François Martins shares, “The Eiffel Tower and its teams are constantly developing features, hospitality facilities and services offered to visitors, in ways that respect the principles of sustainable development and ensure high levels of safety.”
U.S.-based Urban Green Energy (UGE), the self-proclaimed global leader in distributed renewable energy, was the lucky company chosen to install the Eiffel Tower’s two VisionAIR5 vertical axis wind turbines, in partnership with the Société d’Exploitation de la Tour Eiffel (SETE), the Paris authority responsible for managing the Tower.
How does UGE CEO Nick Blitterswyk feel to have such a high (no pun intended) profile client? “The Eiffel Tower is arguably the most renowned architectural icon in the world, and we are proud that our advanced technology was chosen as the Tower commits to a more sustainable future,” he says.
Installing giant wind turbines into an iconic structure located 400 feet above ground level was no easy task for UGE. Mounting the turbines required each component to be hoisted individually and suspended with rope above the tower’s second level.
Noise from the turbines is not a concern because apparently the new additions are super quiet as far as wind turbines go, and in case you’re worried that the turbines will visually conflict with the Eiffel Tower’s original design, the turbines are “specially painted to match the iconic tower,” as UGE put it. Amazingly, the Eiffel Tower remained open to the public throughout the entire refurbishment project, including all of its sustainable development upgrades.
Given the precarious state of the environment, if he was alive today, who knows what Gustave Eiffel, whose company designed and built the original Eiffel Tower, would think of the new wind turbines.
Hopefully he would see them as a step in the right direction–a symbol for the world to admire–that conveys the reality of humanity’s situation, which is that without a planet, nothing else will matter.
As for UGE, their dream is to power the world with renewable energy. Perhaps next they can try for the Golden Gate Bridge. It gets awfully windy up there.
With more than $750 billion of holdings in its sovereign wealth fund, Norway is on the brink of potentially making renewable energy investments around the world. Erna Solberg, who will be named Norway’s second female prime minister, has already heard proposals from her government to use sovereign wealth fund money to invest in sustainable companies and projects in developing countries, Climate News Network reported today. Leader of the conservative party, Solberg won the election in September.
She hasn’t publicly discussed the specific companies and projects the country might invest in, but there are already high hopes.
“If Norway actually does this, it will be an unprecedented shift in the global investment community and also for tangible action on climate change,” said Samantha Smith, head of the global climate and energy initiative at the World Wildlife Fund (WWF).
Financial analysts predict that other nations will follow Norway’s lead and also invest in renewable energy projects. Pension funds in Denmark and the Netherlands already support the renewables sector.
Legally, Norway’s fund can invest 60 percent of its money in stocks, 35 percent in bonds and up to 5 percent in real estate around the world. The fund owns large portions of some of Europe’s leading companies. Experts estimate that one in every $80 invested in global equities is owned by Norwegians.
The WWF wants Norway to allocate 5 percent of its portfolio to direct investments in renewable energy infrastructure and projects and to end its investments in coal and tar sands. The Norwegian government will also consider establishing a dedicated mandate for renewable energy.
“Norwegian savings could change the world,” WWF-Norway head Nina Jensen said. “This would provide a powerful boost for the shift from fossil fuels to renewable energy.”
Sustainabilty stakeholders in India will convene in New Dehli next month to discuss green buildings and cities. Green Habitat Summit India 2013 is scheduled for August 20-21.
The Summit will focus on technologies, strategies, and financial mechanisms that can help the ULBs and states achieve sustainability goals – from building infrastructure and reducing greenhouse gas emissions to promoting a thriving green economy.
The summit will bring in government agencies, entrepreneurs, private enterprises and the civil society to share their experience and deliberate on areas like sustainable buildings, energy efficiency, renewable energy, building materials, wastewater management, solid waste management, and waste-to-wealth initiatives and to chalk out a sustainable and green roadmap for habitats, including buildings, housing projects, townships and cities.
Green Habitat Summit India 2013 aims to identify green technologies and direct the ULBs and states towards sustainable and eco-friendly development.
Dr. Sukumar Devotta, Former Director, National environmental Engineering Research institute (NEERI) and convener of the event, said, “It is a compelling case for sustainable infrastructure projects to have a clear and well-structured road map. I hope that The Green Habitat Summit 2013 will bring together all stakeholders including leading think-tanks and practitioners and provide valuable insights, which can be put into action.”
Mr. Nesar Ahmed, Former President, Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), founder of Universal Knowledge Foundation (UKF) and Adviser with HexaGreen, said, “Measuring impacts on environmental, social, and economic aspects of our buildings and cities is only a first, albeit essential, step towards a sustainable future. We need to create financial framework to help sustain the urban future of India.”
HexaGreen is an initiative by DevCom Media Pvt. Ltd. with a vision of bridging the information and communication gap in the environment sector through websites, events, and research. It provides a digest form of all important happenings, policy matters, and actions taken in the sector, trend reading of the future of the business and representation of the same in pithy to-the-point anecdotes culled out from worldwide sources with high degree of India-centricity, opinion and analysis from corporate executives and thought leaders offering insight and inspiration on trends and best practices and valuable resources to help increase the effectiveness of online browsing.
In Las Vegas, everything is on a grander scale, so it should come as no surprise the gambling capital of the world soon will be home to one of the world’s largest rooftop solar systems.
NRG Energy last week announced plans to install a 6.2 megawatt (MW) installation on top of the Mandalay Bay Resort Convention Center. At peak production, the array should produce enough electricity to meet around a fifth of the building’s energy demand, while reducing pressure on the grid at the hottest time of the day.
“The new 20,000-panel solar rooftop array at Mandalay Bay will effectively enable the resort to lock in a substantial component of its energy costs at a very competitive rate,” Tom Doyle, president and chief executive of NRG Solar, said in a statement.
“Our expectation is that other corporations will follow thought leaders like MGM Resorts to protect our planet.”
Once the project is completed, Mandalay Bay will buy the electricity generated through a power purchase agreement.
The system is the latest in a series of environmental measures taken by parent company MGM Resorts under its Green Advantage sustainability initiative.
Over the past five years, the company has reduced its energy intensity by more than 12 percent and has saved more than 2.5 billion gallons of water.
The news comes as U.S. developer SolarCity announced it has started fitting 3.4 MW of solar rooftop systems at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico.
The project will see solar systems installed on more than 600 military homes as part of the company’s SolarStrong program to power 120,000 military residences.
Similar schemes are underway at bases in Texas, Hawaii, Los Angeles and Colorado, contributing to the Department of Defense’s target to meet a quarter of its energy requirements from renewable sources by 2025.
In other solar industry news, the investment arm of insurance giant Aviva has acquired a 12.3 MW portfolio of residential solar systems built on 4,000 U.K. homes from Ecovision Renewable Energy Ltd.
Aviva Investors will collect revenue generated through the feed-in tariff subsidy scheme, while residents continue to save money on their electricity bills.
“This acquisition continues the expansion of our activities in the U.K. renewable sector and is in line with our strategy of investing in high quality infrastructure assets with attractive yields,” Ian Berry, fund manager of infrastructure and renewable energy at Aviva Investors, said in a statement.
“As institutions continue to look towards assets that offer secure and long-dated income streams in order to meet their liabilities, we believe infrastructure opportunities such as this offer the potential to meet these needs.”
Several corporate leaders, including Kohl’s, HEI Hotels and Resorts, Staples and Walgreens, have volunteered to reduce energy use 20 percent by 2020 as part of a challenge initiated by President Barack Obama. But that’s not the big deal.
The big deal is that they have agreed to publicly disclose how they’re doing it. Factories, data centers, stores and other large energy users often balk at revealing their energy efficiency strategies. After all, saving energy reduces the cost of doing business and gives them a competitive edge. By sharing details, they tip off the competition to better practices.
By not sharing details, however, they force others to reinvent the wheel — if they invent it at all — thus slowing U.S. progress in reaching national energy productivity goals aimed at bettering the economy.
“The real goal is to figure out who is leading in the space and how we can learn from their learning and replicate their activities in the marketplace quickly,” said Maria Vargas, director of the Better Buildings Challenge at the U.S. Department of Energy.
Vargas described the Obama strategy June 18-19 at the Northeast Energy Efficiency Partnerships’ (NEEP) annual summit, an event that drew more than 300 people to Springfield, Mass.
“I have children, and they watch a show called ‘Mythbusters,'” she said. “So the way I think about the Better Business Challenge is as ‘barrier busters.'”
Some companies participating in the program have pursued energy efficiency for a decade or more, so can bust a lot of myths and offer substantial guidance. She relayed two examples where participants offered a useful strategy or technology.
Kohl’s was interested for years in pursuing energy efficiency, but the energy team could not convince the department store’s chief financial officer. It was largely a communications problem, as Vargas tells it.
“The CFO kept looking for different criteria than they had. They finally said, ‘This is crazy. We’re literally speaking different languages,'” she said.
“All of a sudden, they move to the different country, and they are forced to speak the language,” she said.
As a result, Kohl’s is now “very much moving down an energy efficiency path and seeing tremendous savings across its portfolio,” she said.
Vargas also told the story of HEI Hotels & Resorts, owner of the Hilton, Marriott, Westin and other hotels. The company has developed an “easy, yet sophisticated” energy dashboard. “It was very proprietary,” she said.
But after getting a direct request from Obama, Kohl’s CEO said, “‘The president asked me to share, and I’m going to share,'” Vargas said. “So they have.”
Ultimately, though, Vargas sees the federal program as a way to bolster innovation for communities, cities and states — the true launching pad for an energy-efficiency revolution.
“I firmly believe that all politics, all success, all life is local,” she said. “The Department of Energy can tell somebody what to do, and people will be like, ‘That’s nice, pass the muffins.'”
NEEP, host of the conference where Vargas spoke, works within one of the nation’s most active regions for energy efficiency. In keeping with the idea that it helps to get information about successful companies out there, NEEP announced several business leader awards. Videos or written profiles are available about the energy efficiency efforts of the 12 companies and organizations.
This year’s winners were American University, Atlas Box & Crating Company, Anheuser-Busch (New Hampshire and New York), Baystate Health, Boehringer Ingelheim, Boston College, Cape Cod Commercial Linen Service, Covidien, ESPN, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters and Woodstock Inn Station and Brewery.
Tagged Better Buildings Challenge, Northeast Energy Efficiency Partnership, U.S. Department of EnergyLeave a comment
A new report from the U.S. Center for Naval Analyses and the London-based Royal United Services Institute, two of the NATO alliance’s front-line strategy centers, recommends putting more effort into fighting global warming than securing reliable supplies of fossil fuels.
The authors call the habitual American fixation on winning energy independence through expanded North American production of oil and natural gas “misguided.” They say the “only sustainable solution” to the problem of energy insecurity is not through more drilling, but through energy efficiency and renewable fuels, like biofuels to replace oil.
Despite the steady supplies provided by the current U.S. drilling boom, “the increased domestic production of oil and natural gas is not a panacea for the country’s energy security dilemma,” they say.
And in blunt language, they criticize American policymakers and legislators for refusing to accept the “robust” scientific evidence that emissions of carbon dioxide are already causing harmful global warming, and for refusing to take actions that, if taken swiftly, could ward off its worst effects.
“Political leaders, including many in the United States, refuse to accept short-term costs to address long-term dangers even though the future costs of responding to disasters after they occur will be far greater,” said their report, published this month.
The report, in the works for a year, was released as President Obama prepared to ramp up the administration’s efforts on climate change, and while the State Department was immersed in its review of whether to approve the Keystone XL pipeline to carry tar sands oil from Canada to refineries in the United States.
In a major policy speech on Tuesday, Obama is expected to renew his commitment to regulating emissions from coal-fired power plants, as well as other measures involving renewable energy and green technologies, but not to tip his hand on the Keystone decision. Many in Washington believe that he wants to offer strict controls on power plants, the nation’s leading source of greenhouse gases, as a quid pro quo for approving the controversial pipeline, which is seen by opponents as a contributor to the global warming problem.
For several years, the view that global warming caused by burning fossil fuels is an overwhelming national security threat has been taking firmer hold in national security circles. In 2007, a report from CNA’s military advisory board called climate change a “threat multiplier.” In 2008, a formal National Intelligence Assessment found that climate change poses a serious threat to national security and long-term global stability. The Department of Defense’s 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review, a major planning document, warned that climate change may fuel conflict, put new strains on military forces operating in the field, and cause damage to military bases, especially ports exposed to rising seas and intense storms.
In an article published in Foreign Affairs online in June, Tom Donilon, the former National Security Adviser to President Obama, wrote: “The Obama administration’s National Security Strategy recognizes the ‘real, urgent, and severe’ threat posed by climate change in no uncertain terms, stating, ‘change wrought by a warming planet will lead to new conflicts over refugees and resources; new suffering from drought and famine; catastrophic natural disasters; and the degradation of land across the globe.'”
But the focus of Donilon’s piece was on energy, not on climate change, and it spoke expansively of the importance of increased energy production to America’s strength in the world. For example, it claimed that by helping to provide plentiful oil to satisfy world demand, the United States could more effectively squeeze Iran with an embargo, a strategy that otherwise would harm oil-deficient allies.
The new American-British report looks mostly at the other side of the coin, the risks presented by the burning of fossil fuels no matter where they come from.
It acknowledges the problems caused by Western reliance on imported oil, especially from unstable parts of the world. But the new report says that even more important is the compelling need to stop using fossil fuels in the first place, since the steady addition of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere is now posing imminent dangers to national security.
Even though the United States gets just 20 percent of its oil imports from the Middle East, the lowest share in four decades—and it could be headed toward being an oil exporter two decades from now—”the U.S. economy is highly sensitive to supply shocks and price fluctuations, regardless of the source of the oil,” it says. “Even new, domestic sources of oil and gas do not free the United States from the risks of over-reliance, because the prices of these commodities will be determined by global markets,” the report says.
The bigger problem, says the report, is global warming, which will cause upheaval, and military challenges, across the globe in the coming decades.
“Our consumption of oil and other fossil fuels contributes to climate change, which poses growing risks to our infrastructure, livelihoods, and national security,” it says in its primary conclusion. “Using more natural gas and oil, even if domestically produced, neither frees our economies from global oil prices nor checks the greenhouse gas emissions that threaten future generations. The only sustainable solution to this dual challenge is to improve our energy efficiency and diversify our energy sources to include cleaner and renewable power.”
Experts outside the military have also been increasingly alarmed by the possibility that climate change, by spreading famine, drought, disease and poverty, would lead to migration, competition for resources, and war, especially in poor regions of Africa and Asia. Rich countries might easily be drawn into these conflicts.
But the World Bank, in a new report that predicted many dire consequences for a warming planet, was cautious in predictions that climate change would lead to war.
“The potential connection between environmental factors and conflict is a highly contested on, and the literature contains evidence both supporting and denying such a connection,” it said. “However, given that unprecedented climatic conditions are expected to place severe stresses on the availability and distribution of resources, the potential for climate-related human conflict emerges as a risk—and one of uncertain scope and sensitivity to degree of warming.”
Strategists frequently note that dealing with uncertain risk is a central feature of military planning, and that whether the risk is of nuclear proliferation, terrorism, or climate change, it must be addressed long in advance of becoming real.
The new Center for Naval Analysis report quotes the “voice of experience” of General Charles E. Wald, a retired Air Force officer who was deputy commander of the U.S. European Command: “The biggest thing we could do right now to address climate change and its national security effects would be to decrease the amount of carbon we pump into the atmosphere, and the biggest thing we could do about that would be to have a comprehensive energy policy that addresses not only the amount and diversity of our energy, but how clean it is.”
The report hits hard at those in Congress who deny the scientific consensus on climate and use national security arguments to encourage more production of coal, oil and natural gas.
“Many elected leaders in the United States fail to grasp or distrust the scientific evidence for global warming,” it says. “To some, the revelation of newly accessible oil and gas reserves across North America seems to resolve the problem of relying on oil imports—a position we regard as misguided.”
A study authored by University of New Hampshire researchers Elizabeth Burakowski and Matthew Magnusson and published last December warns that if winter temperatures continue to warm significantly, the winter tourism industry could disappear completely in many areas of the U.S.
Legislators continue to drag their feet in addressing what is the greatest crisis confronting humanity today. But increasingly, many companies are joining the call for effective policies to address the threat. Many have joined Business for Innovative Climate and Energy Policy (BICEP), an advocacy coalition of businesses directed by Ceres that is calling for meaningful legislation to enable a transition to a low-carbon economy.
In April, Ceres and BICEP launched the Climate Declaration, whose signatories advocate for a coordinated effort to combat climate change. The nation’s health and prosperity “are threatened by a changing climate that most scientists agree is being caused by air pollution,” the declaration states. “We cannot risk our kids’ futures on the false hope that the vast majority of scientists are wrong.”
Aspen Skiing Company and the Outdoor Industry Association (OIA) are members of BICEP, and Ceres announced Thursday that more than 100 of the nation’s ski resorts have signed the Climate Declaration. Ski resorts in the U.S. employ 160,000 people and generate revenues of more than $12 billion. But according to the UNH study, the number of days with snow cover in the Northeast could decrease by as much as 75 percent if greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise, and the mean snow depth at Rocky Mountain resorts could drop to zero.
“The success of ski business operations depends greatly on climate, which is why we are so invested in programs that keep our slopes sustainable,” Brent Giles of Park City Mountain Resort in Utah said. “But our actions alone won’t be enough without strong policies. We welcome legislative and regulatory initiatives that will reduce carbon emissions, incentivize renewable energy development and help improve our resiliency in the future.”
“We welcome the ski industry as allies in our work on climate and energy issues and as signatories of the Climate Declaration. This is an industry that cannot be off-shored, and they are calling for climate action here at home,” said Anne Kelly, director of BICEP. “Policymakers must realize that the old political paradigm of ‘It’s the environment or the economy; pick one’ is a false choice. American businesses are ready to combat climate change, and policymakers should join them in leading the way.”
Florida and Texas might be leading America’s expansion of solar and wind power, but Washington, where hydroelectric dams provide over 60 percent of the state’s energy, was the country’s biggest user of renewable power in 2011, according to new statistics released last week by the federal Energy Information Administration.
Hydro continued to be the overwhelmingly dominant source of renewable power consumed nationwide, accounting for 67 percent of the total, followed by wind with 25 percent, geothermal with 4.5 percent, and solar with 3.5 percent. The new EIA data is the latest official snapshot of how states nationwide make use of renewable power, from industrial-scale generation to rooftop solar panels, and reveals an incredible gulf between leaders like Washington, California, and Oregon, and states like Rhode Island and Mississippi that use hardly any.
The gap is partly explained by the relative size of states’ energy markets, but not entirely: Washington uses less power overall than New York, for example, but far outstrips it on renewables (the exact proportions won’t be available until EIA releases total state consumption figures later this month). Still, the actual availability of resources—how much sun shines or wind blows—is far less important than the marching orders passed down from statehouses to electric utilities, says Rhone Resch, head of the Solar Energy Industries Association.
“Without some carrot or stick, there’s little reason to pick [renewables] up” in many states, he says; even given the quickly falling price of clean energy technology, natural gas made cheap by fracking is still an attractive option for many utilities.
More than half of the 29 states that require utilities to purchase renewable power are currently considering legislation to pare back those mandates, in many cases pushed by the American Legislative Exchange Council. “We’re opposed to these mandates, and 2013 will be the most active year ever in terms of efforts to repeal them,” ALEC energy task force director Todd Wynn recently told Bloomberg.
But so far the tide seems to be turning against that campaign: This week the Minnesota legislature will consider two versions of a bill passed by the House and Senate that would require utilities to get 1-4 percent of their power from solar by 2025 (solar made up less than one percent of Minnesota’s renewable power in 2011); last month North Carolina, the same state that outlawed talking about sea level rise, surprised green energy advocates by voting down a proposal to ax the state’s renewable mandates, followed a few days later by a vote in Colorado to increase rural communities’ access to renewables. But challenges remain ahead in some of the very states that already rank relatively low for renewables consumption, including Connecticut, Missouri, and Ohio.
Karin Wadsack, director of a Northern Arizona University-based project to monitor these legislative battles, says the time is now for states to start mixing in more clean energy.
“If you have all these utilities sticking with gas, coal, and nuclear, then you create a situation where 20 years from now they aren’t prepared to deal with the increased climate risk,” she says. “Electricity is a huge piece of the climate puzzle, so [utilities] need to be learning what to do with renewables.”
There’s always the option that Congress could set a renewables standard on the national level—a group of senators took a failed stab at one in 2010 only a few months after Republicans killed the infamous cap-and-trade bill. But don’t hold your breath, Wadsack says: “I don’t know that I would call it a pipe dream. But I wouldn’t see it happening in our current set of national priorities.”
Source: http://www.motherjones.com/blue-marble/2013/05/interactive-which-states-use-most-green-energy
Our flooring services are know be one of the most reliable affordable, because we take pride in delivering the best
One major advantage with the use of roof repair is that as it is renewable it is therefore sustainable
As the world's largest green and clean egerngy specialist of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem has been the industry.
Photography of "far away things" - space, but I may also want to include anything in our atmosphere or just nice landscape shots.
We host a Star Party in East England at a Dark Sky Discovery Site close to RSPB Minsmere. The sky has reached an SQM level of 21.75 magnitudes per square arcsecond there, and it is dark enough to see the Zodiacal light after sunset in spring. There still is some light pollution, but much less than most places and it is really a very impressive site. What's more the company is great - it is a gathering of like-minded astronomers from semi-local societies. After having seen the Zodiacal light there in 2016, and again (but slightly less clearly) in 2017, I thought I'd have a go at taking lots of exposure on the patch of sky where the 'counterglow' or 'gegenschein' lies. The Zodiacal light is a line of scattered solar light, that follows the ecliptic plane (in which we're embedded) - so in spring you can see it passing by the Pleiades. There is also another scattering phenomenon caused by the dust that lies in this plane. It is called 'backscatter'. I was trying to see it with my naked eye and couldn't be sure, but there was always a hint of a patch of light in Virgo, near Jupiter. There was still too much background sky light to be sure, caused by distant light pollution scattering off atmospheric moisture droplets and thin cirrus clouds. After gathering about an hour's worth of snaps on both nights I was there, the cirrus closed in on the second night (which was clearer, darker & drier) and I thought I'd have a good chance of processing the data to show it. Sure enough after a straight gradient removal of light pollution, there was a blob at the expected position along the ecliptic. It didn't quite correspond to the position and shape I (thought I) saw it with my eyes, but it was very close and ~ 80% overlapping. It could be, the stars or Jupiter interfered with my visual perception. The standard kit lens 18-55mm did really well here at f/3.5 and 18mm, with 5 minute sub-exposures. 18 in total were useable, or 90 minutes. Here is the result. You can see the processed-out cloud at the bottom right, due to Virgo sinking. Try to pick out the constellations!
In Early Autumn, you can catch a nice glimpse of the Milky Way in dark skies, rising from the SSW, where we look into the centre of the galaxy. Unfortunately it is very low down so we look through a lot of interfering atmosphere and consequently light pollution (produced by either ignorant, paranoid, or uncaring folk that install inappropriate outdoor lights). Despite this impedance, the power of long exposures, stacking and a lens that runs at f/2 (stopped to f/2.2 in an attempt to cut down abberrations) can be used to produce a good image. Cloud, twilight and mist were threatening to spoil my attempt but the moon was out of the way at last! There is so little time for astronomers to get good viewing conditions we have to seize opportunities like this. I have stacked 7 x 1 minute images taken at ISO 800 tracked with an RA motor, with my modified Canon 1000D, with a 100mm prime f/2 lens from a quiet, dark site south of Norwich. The region is North Sagittarius/Scutum and it contains M24 - the sagittarius star cloud, M17 the swan nebula, M16 the eagle nebula, and numerous other nebulae and clusters.
Apologies for being away for a year and a half! The gaps between my blog posts have been growing wider and wider. In the meantime I've been running an astronomy society. I thought my first post back would be to see if this year's attempt at catching the ISS is any better than the Feb 2016 one. Same tech, ZWO ASI 130MC camera at f/10 on 8" SCT manually driven. It is very hard to follow the thing at the best of times, but the camera also has the problem of a rolling shutter, which makes it really unsuitable to capturing fast moving objects. This is especially true for stacking purposes. I therefore corrected the best 10 shots, by de-skewing them, and making sure they were taken within a few seconds of each other. July 27th 2017 pass over UK.
Here are my ISS images through my 8" SCT. The first was taken on January 17th at about 5:30 am. It was spooky watching for it as the shadowed station appeared on live view on the Heaven's above app on my phone. It appeared exactly on cue and I grabbed my telescope ready to move it by hand. I started recording and looked down the finder scope. I tried my best to position the scope so the bright spot exactly crossed the crosshairs. On looking at the video, however the shutter speed had been so fast (1/1500") it had skewed the image. For the second attempt, on the evening of February the 10th, I used 3ms (1/300"), and perhaps this was too slow as there was some blurring. It is a learning process, so next time I'll aim half way between and set the gain a little higher. The solar panels were pointing toward the sun and so were lit only faintly by the reflected light glancing off the earth, but they look brownish in the second image. The illumination angle was pointed out to me by Mike H from our society.
After a warm and cosy hour's sleep, I forced myself to get out of bed to catch this rare occurrence. I think UK has been a bit unlucky with lunar eclipses recently. America seems to have got them all. The clouds cleared for me, but friends just down the road had a different story. I composited 6 shots through my 8" SCT to get this one, plus co-added and blended in a non-saturated moon. I tweaked the saturation and sharpened a little. Beautiful sharp stars with this technique!
We went on a drive up the spine of the UK to Kielder Water - and took advantage of the dark sky park status. These are some pictures we took on Monday night. It was pretty dark up there, but the cloud was rolling in. We stopped at a view point off the South side and got some simple long exposures of different lengths and focal lengths on the Canon 1000D with just a tripod as the moon was setting. I've processed a little in photoshop/paintshop. Spot the 'moon-dog'. The milky way shots didn't come out well as the lens misted up very quickly! The observatory at the top of the hill at the far end was a very welcoming and fantastic little place. It's an innovative design - almost like a jetty with two fairly roomy observatory domes along it's deck.
Hello. I've just moved and I thought I'd do a spot of astro reconnaisance of my new sector. After checking out Google Maps/Earth I headed out from the city and got rather lost trying to find my original target location. I ended up somewhere very rural and dark, but it was such a beautiful warm night - 20ºC at 11pm. I was in a T-shirt setting up my 8 inch SCT and Canon 1000D on top. I had found a lovely dry field with easy access off the road and a very open south, and well, all horizons. There was just a small hedge to the north. I encountered one passer by in the 2 hours I was out there. I managed several 2 minute tracked wide field exposures from atop my telescope. I didn't realise the field was full of hay bales until I took the first exposure! Here's the result - I tried to remove the gradients and enhance the local contrast to bring out the structure in the Milky Way, but there was some ludicrous light-pollution even here (somewhere N of Saxlingham Green, Norfolk). A nice night. Incidentally we had 28ºC, while the rest of the UK had persistent rain and about 19ºC. However, we got rain today - healthy garden I guess.
This nebula, which first appeared to humanity in 1654, by Italian astronomer Hodierna, was catalogued by Charles Messier as his eighth entry. It appeared as an interesting fuzzy smudge, behind a sparkling little star cluster and 4 stars in a line. This is a modern-day picture of it using the following equipment: an iOptron equatorial mount, a Celestron 9.25 inch Schmidt-Cassegrain, a f/10 to f/6.3 focal reducer, an Atik 383L+ CCD camera cooled to -20ºC (which had the usual temporary icing problems), a 1¼" filter wheel with Luminance Red Green and Blue filters. There was no guider used with this, so we limited the exposure length to 30 seconds, which could have gone higher but the wind occasionally would spoil a frame by shaking the telescope. The dew shield was removed, due to the wind. The other operation problem in taking this was the observatory wall was located about 15 feet to the south of the telescope, and at 8 foot high, meant the lagoon nebula was shortly about to 'hit the wall'. Luckily colleagues stayed on until midnight enabling me to acquire at least 12 images through each filter. Given the altitude of the subject (about 10º above the SSE horizon), it's not a bad image. Processing this was difficult, due to there not being any time to take any calibration frames. This keeps the noise down but gives horrendous vignetting to remove, which is especially hard when nebula fills the frame. The 'hot pixels' that pop up, were removed using a clever stacking technique, called sigma clipping, and there was no dust on the sensor to spoil the image.
While the rings are nice and open like they were in 2003, this time round, Saturn has moved South, Causing it to glide through the murky, churning atmosphere from UK. There are several ways to get better pictures of Saturn: wait until better seeing and persist with the best equipment possible, wait 8 or so years, move to Australia, set up a telescope on board a plane, install a sodium laser at the observatory and use adaptive optics on the primary mirror, be Christopher Go, or give up and use Hubble's pictures.
With a bit of stacking and processing, Norwich is beginning to look like some sort of dark rural location. I'm lucky to live on a street where the lights are switched off at 1am BST. The sky was quite light really but the sky has been stacked and processed separately from the houses. "Norwich by Night 2015 has been spoiled by some cloud streaming in and the dust bunny to the right of the centre, but for me it's quite amazing to see the milky way from a city. Only the Scutum-Aquila cloud (upper left)was visible to the naked eye through the window, but the rest of the detail was brought out with contrast enhancing. I particularly like how I caught a faint reflection of my face peering over the roof corner at the centre, just to the right of the Lagoon Nebula.
The "top right" bit of the moon on April 26th with the colour saturation enhanced by 500%. Maximum libration point was just beyond the 'sea' near the top centre, which means we can see slightly round the edge of the usual face of the moon. The 'sea' is Mare Humboldtianum. The moon seems to be muddy brown and electric blue, when you turn the colour up.
Mercury above the rooftops at 21:56 BST 13th May. Snapped by poking my telephoto lens out of my bathroom window. ISO1600 f/5 1/15". It's always very low in the twilight, following the sun down, and it's only visible for brief windows of time, if it's clear. An elusive, vespertine planet! The camera lens's resolution isn't enough to resolve the shape of the planet but I've included a 5x inset.
The night of April 11 was a nice little trip to the observatory, watching Venus and the Pleiades setting over the dome. I settled on this picture, which makes the dome loom large like St Pauls Cathedral, rather than the close up on the conjunction, which showed the gibbous phase of Venus. I also managed to spot the International Space Station beginning a flyover, so I repositioned the tripod and my head hoping to capture it flying past. Previous experience has allowed me to judge where to position myself but keeping still for 30 seconds is not easy. It's a lovely composition of cloud, space station flying through Lynx, Leo, Jupiter and Praesepe - the Beehive cluster and Pollux and Castor just above the dome.
Here's an example of where reality can get close to the simulation. I got some good seeing, and with a decent camera (a ZWO ASI) I got a decent video-capture of Jupiter's moons Io and Europa through my 8" SCT from a city backyard, as they passed by each other, at one point just overlapping. The image is in two parts, and explains itself. The angles are a bit different.
Yeah! There are still parts of England that have escaped enough the scourge of light pollution, so that the zodiacal light can be photographed. I took this panorama on the equinox (March 21st 2015) from Haw Wood Farm campsite in Suffolk, near Minsmere. This is a beautiful area of the country, not too far a drive from the capital. Our astronomical society, Breckland, had a few members and guests attend a star party weekend at the campsite. I didn't however, look for the zodiacal light, I just noticed it on the photograph, once I'd stitched together this panorama. It is a series of 4 x 30 second exposures at f/3.5 on a regular Canon lens moving from South to West. The sky featured a beautiful range of objects, from left to right: Sirius, the Milky Way, Orion, the Hyades, the Pleiades, then the Crescent Moon and Venus.
Here's my attempt at Comet Lovejoy via my 8" SCT, with 2 focal reducers at f/4. The image on my DSLR is vignetted at this focal length (800mm), but rapidly builds image exposure, helping capture moving images such as this comet. It is on its close passage by Earth here, and I hope to capture it again soon. I have added a rotational gradient shot that shows the knot structure in the tail well.
I popped down the observatory to try some solar imaging with the sun low in the sky Sunday 8th Feb. After dodging clouds, I was amazed to spot this filament so clearly through the eyepiece of the solar telescope. I got 20 pictures of it with my DSLR and stacked in PIPP and Registax. The large images taxed my laptop somewhat. Here's the result, exposed for flares (red) and surface detail (green) simultaneously. What an amazing structure this is, about the width of the Earth, suspended above the surface of the sun by magnetic fields. It would wrap around Jupiter's equator with length spare, and fit between the earth and the moon and back! If it fell back on the surface a Hyder flare would erupt, but it hasn't done so in the last few days. The sun is certainly more interesting than you may think!
When testing and setting up guiding and imaging with the Atik 383L camera on the C925 on the iOptron mount, you have to go for a nice bright, interesting target like the Orion Nebula. Unfortunately we need a spacer to make the guide camera the correct distance from the imaging camera, if we're using the off-axis guider prism unit. We could either guide or image, so here's the image, unguided, which isn't bad!
I got up at 3:30 a.m., venturing out into a frosty January night to the society's observatory. After dragging out the Celestron 9 inch Schmidt and iOptron mount, just the one hiccup occurred, caused by the video image capture software. An annoying but fairly quick restart later, all was well and I managed to get a sequence of 1.5 minute videos of Jupiter setting slowly in the West. UK wasn't the best place to image this triple transit due to Jupiter being fairly low, and in fact I haven't got the third shadow due to poor seeing. I later realised I should have got one more frame. You can see an interesting shadow exchange and Io (the moon moving across the disk) covering Callisto's (larger) shadow at the end of the animation, which runs from 0530-0621 UT, with irregular time intervals.
The image above is Jupiter on the 20-inch for comparison, the following Tuesday night. There is a slight aberration in the optical system, but the moons Europa (and its shadow) and Io are very clearly shown.
Our skies are graced with another comet. It is a bit difficult for us to see in the North at the moment, but will move out of the low misty southern skies in a few days. Here is my first serious attempt at getting pictures of it. I just used a 400mm lens at f/6.3 and took 40 shots of 30 second exposure on a tracking mount (Dec 29 11pm). There is a hint of a tail there and while it doesn't look much now there is more to come from this icy rock.
After a successful forecast of reasonable seeing conditions in the UK (i.e. low 300 mbar geostrophic wind) I spent an evening at the observatory trying to aim a telescope so as to focus Neptune, then Uranus on a 6mm CCD chip. Despite the new mount being excellent at tracking this took some time, and it wasn't helped by the mount insisting on doing a meridian flip just before starting imaging. The 9.25 inch SCT 'scope was cooled, Neptune showed a disk in the eyepiece, and high magnification was achieved with an extended 2x barlow, to reach about 6m focal length. The only non-optimal factor was the collimation being out, which was clearly seen during a later image of Gamma Andromedae. I explored a range of objects until the corrector plate dewed up too quickly.
So I managed to capture video of: Neptune at 3x, Uranus at 4x, close-ups on Cleomedes and Aristarchus/Vallis Schröteri (which were low down and shaky), and longer exposures of the core of M31 (not shown) and NGC 7662 - the "blue snowball" planetary nebula. It was a lot of fun trying this all out freezing on a patio in a dark field, alone with the entirety of space!
I went to a local hilltop near the student residences in order to try and get a 360º panorama of the sky with my Canon 18mm lens, on a moonlit night. 'Waveney Mountain' is named after the former residences, which are themselves named after a local river and 'mountain' is a little joke among folk round here. After loads of practice with Hugin, a long pause (a few months) and several attempts at stitching the pictures last night, I have finally got something I'm happy with. I had to manually choose the control points that each pair of neighbouring images shares, and there was still a problem with a black wedge appearing in the place of one of the images. Hugin is great for remapping the pictures onto a stereographic projection but doesn't quite get what looks right, so I got it to remap the problem picture and pasted it in myself in Photoshop. A quick bit of clone brush to fill in the panorama gaps that I'd inadvertently missed and here's the result. Now I can do this, I'm tempted to get a nodal ninja tripod and a wider angle lens. Astrophotography can so easily be quite a costly hobby, but this was pretty inexpensive and a great idea to test out during moonlit season.
This is a quick and crude process of some stacked images of the Horsehead nebula. I took them through the 20 inch with the Canon 1000D (with the A-mod) in February 2013. I've just used the amazing Hugin software to assemble this mosaic of 4 images and tweaked it in Maxim, then applying a Digital Development Processing routine. It just looks stunning so I had to post it straightaway. The contrasting colours here make such an aesthetically rich faraway thing!
While testing my planetary imaging demo for the talk I'm giving next month (see: http://www.brecklandastro.org.uk/meetings/ ) I spotted Saturn and Mars setting in the South West. I got a snap and looked at the image and spotted a star. I then ran across the field with the tripod to get a pic of the planets above the dome and observatory. So not such a 'far away thing'. It's one of those mind-blowing distance ratios. I also caught Andy walking back to the observatory who came back telling me the star was alpha Librae - aka Zubenelgenubi, my favourite star name! So from top to bottom we have Saturn, Zubenelgenubi (alpha-2 and alpha-1 next to it) then Mars. A beautiful scene I realised when processing it to bring out the faint details, giving pleasing pastel shades on the sky. Just 1/4" second exposure at ISO 1600, I had to turn the gamma down again as blogger overdoes it!
A night at the observatory and a moonless clear spell coincided! Not wanting to waste the opportunity I wheeled the society's new iOptron mount out and set up the 9.25inch Schmidt with the help of a busy crowd. I put my modified Canon on the back of it along with a f/6.3 focal reducer. Time constraints meant a full perfect drift-align wasn't possible, so I limited exposures to 30 seconds to reduce any star trails. Auto-guiding is not quite ready with this set up yet, but once we get the equipment together, beautifully long exposures will become possible! During the 20 minutes or so it took to get 22 good exposures, Comet Jacques had slid past a star and moved quite considerably! This required a special star then comet stack in Deep Sky Stacker. The result had a fair bit of star ghosting in the direction of the comet's motion and there is still a small ghost of the comet's nucleus left in the image that I couldn't remove easily. Several runs through Carboni's horizontal and vertical banding removal routine got rid of the bias pattern noise in the camera sensor, but the faint ghost trails were still a little annoying. I tilted the image until these trails were horizontal and ran another horizontal banding removal routine on the image. Then I tilted it back. Above's the result, and below with the faint parts smoothed. Not too much exposure, but am I right in thinking there's a hint of a tail to the right at about 110º CW from vertical? The green emission in the coma ('swan bands' in the spectra) comes from the molecules C2 and CN and their positive ions.
During the light nights of summer here in the UK, planets are an ideal target. Unfortunately, we are also rather far North for good planetary imaging, as they are low in the southern sky, but this didn't stop me. I used the new iOptron mount with the Schmidt Cassegrain 9.25 inch f/10. After attempting a focal length of 11.5m, I also tried cutting it back to 5m and got just as good results. With the imaging source colour webcam, I recorded video with a range of exposures of Saturn and Mars. The mount tracked well despite a quick manual align. I manually fused the long and short exposures of Saturn in Photoshop after trying out the "Merge to HDR function" with less success. So the photo includes moons (L to R) Dione, Rhea, Tethys and Enceladus - just, below the planet. Mars also had a distinct phase (88%) and is only 9.9 arc seconds tall (phase mask added). Vaguely visible are Mare Acidalium (top centre) and Mare Erythraeum (bottom) as the North pole is tilted toward us. Taken 22UT 24th June 14.
I managed somehow to get an image out of the 20 inch scope after its drive rebuild. It has been out of action for imaging for months. The drives are still in their development stages, and I'd disassembled my focal reducer adapter for that scope. I had to image in short exposures (20s) and pick the best 30% or so. It was an ideal photo opportunity with the 3.7 magnitude guide star χ Ursae Majoris, a degree from the brightening comet 2012 K1 PANSTARRS, and its usual companion, galaxy NGC 3677. Still, this lovely pairing made a great view and photo - they just fit in the frame. χ UMa is a little off the top of the field of view (around 30' across). This comet is worth watching as it passes by φ UMa and descends into the summer twilight and may become visible in the morning sky in autumn. It has moved a little (SW) during this images exposure time.
The area in central Auriga featuring open clusters M36 & M38, IC 417 (around central star, phi Aurigae), IC 405 and IC410 - the flaming star nebula. About an hour's worth of 90 second exposures piggybacked on the top of my 8" through a telephoto lens with a modified Canon 1000D. Taken from Kelling Heath. There was a lot of mist and clagg in the air that night, so it's not bad! There are dark lanes and other patches of nebulosity lurking around this region of the milky way.
I "videoed" Jupiter on the 8 inch Schmidt-cassegrain at the observatory tonight (11th March 2013). I got better results with just the 2x barlow than with 2 2x barlows. I was operating at f/20-22 (focal length just over 4m) and exposures of 1/54 of a second. I captured 2500 frames in 1min40, and stacked the best 1760 of them in Registax 6. The three moons made a beautiful triangle and Callisto cast a rare shadow on to the disk - something I noticed in the eyepiece, plus the red spot was in view. What chance! The Imaging Source (non-cooled) DBK colour camera was pushed into the scope and off I went. The moons to the right were (top to bottom) Europa, Io, Callisto - and you can see it is Callisto causing the shadow. Each moon seemed to have an independent motion to each other as the conjunction developed over the course of an hour or two.
Yeah! I caught a glimpse of the Northern Lights for the first time this solar 'season' on Thurs 27 Mar 22UT. It was not too impressive aesthetically, but lovely to see the lights again. A colourless dim glow was hovering, detached from the horizon and for a time, a shaft of light appeared in the sky just beneath Cassiopeia. The advances in Camera technology (and mine is well out of date) meant an easy capture of the wonderful colours.
Here I've done a stack of 8 x 15s images pointing N, just N of Norwich. I stacked on the ground, not the stars, so they are trailed. The green, lower glow is from atomic Oxygen, i.e. O atoms, emitting during the decay from excited singlet S state to the singlet D state, an allowed transition. The red light, also from atomic O, is only seen at higher altitudes, where the air is much thinner, this would occur at lower altitude but the excited state causing it is knocked back down by collisions with other air molecules. This excited state is the singlet D mentioned above, the 'first' or lowest energy excited state, and it releases its red light with a time constant of about 107 seconds. This means it needs to avoid getting hit for about a minute, in order for it to have a change to spit out its red light. The reason for this slow time is because the transition from singlet D to the 'ground state' (triplet P) is forbidden, as the spin has to change from singlet to triplet, something not allowed by quantum mechanics.
I have had another go at processing the twelve 30-second (dark-subtracted jpeg) exposures that I took of the Milky Way setting over the Bristol Channel last September. I was not happy with the 8-bit look to the background subtraction and the lens-distortion. I used the beautifully complex free program hugin to correct for the barrel distortion of the lens and stack the images based on a spherical geometry. I had a long task, taking many hours to work out how to get the control points only on the stars. I eventually found a method for hugin to use to pick the control points, and it resulted in a beautifully stacked final image except it came out with a distorted perspective. So I stacked the shore images and recombined the image with the stars, and ran a background subtraction. The resulting processed image is much sharper but still with very slight trails from the individual 30 second exposures. I've reduced the scale to 0.25 here (jpeg), so the trails are barely visible. Altogether not bad for 12 minutes on a tripod perched on a windy clifftop.
It's not live as we know it, Jim. It happened 11.4 million years ago. But - that's using our human concept of time. In reality time isn't a constant thing - there's no such thing as simultaneous. As far as I'm concerned, the recent supernova in the galaxy M82 has just happened, because all of us on Earth agree that its light has reached us in the last few days. That's good enough for me. Last night I was spurred on to get my 8 inch Meade LX10 SCT out of its box and onto its tripod positioned in my urban back yard. I popped in an eyepiece, focussed and swung it round to Ursa Major. After only 2 or 3 minutes of dark adaption I had seen the supernova with my own eyes. That was awesome but very quick. A near conversation on social media meant two other astronomers (whose blog links are here) had swung their kits round to image it. Thereafter I had a go at imaging it, with limited tracking and got a few 15 second exposures at f/6.3. I left it running and later did a stack of 75. A little blurry. Tonight I have selected the best 45 images out of 100 and used PIPP software to debayer and crop them around the galaxy. A quick stack in Deep Sky Stacker gave me a smooth image, and a DDP (digital development processing) gave this result. Much better than before, but only 11 minutes worth of data on a Canon 1000D is not gonna cut the mustard these days. Still I'm pleased to see it - so here it is. The society's telescope is currently unable to be used for photography, and we've been using it for stargazing live open nights, hence the lack of blog posts.
November 13th brought a favourable libration around the eastern limb of the moon so I couldn't resist taking a few videos on the ImagingSource DBK camera through the C9. The C9 is the society's 9.25" Schmidt-Cassegrain, which is ideal due to its long focal length and having retained its collimation well from last year. I decided to not use a barlow lens as I was at f/10 with a focal length of 2.35m, and captured low noise lunar detail at first quarter with exposures of under 10 milliseconds. I processed in Registax 6 using multipoint alignment and geometry correction and mosaiced 4 sharpened frames, which I've cropped here. I filled in the gaps with a bit of quick clone brush - so don't trust the detail at the bottom. I was aiming to capture the aesthetic beauty I've experienced from viewing the sharp, grey edge of the moon. Mare Smythii and Mare Spumans show up well in this image. Unfortunately, Mare Orientale - the Eastern Sea, discovered partly
The Helix Nebula, a large death shroud of a star, floats across the Southern sky in October and November and never climbs higher than about 23 degrees altitude. The width in our sky (as it is quite close) is around half the size of the moon but it is very much fainter and usually buried in the murky low atmosphere. I used the large aperture of the 20 inch telescope and the society's Atik 383L camera to capture it. I got 6 minutes through each of 5 filters: Red, Green, Blue, Ultra High Contrast, and Luminance (all white light). The scope is due a drive upgrade soon but it was working more or less satisfactorily last night on this object. There were a few jitters, but no guiding was required, now that the pointing model has been reset. This planetary nebula has thrown off another fainter wisp of gas that you can make out to the lower left. The centre is glowing mainly from the emission of doubly ionised oxygen atoms and the outer part, hydrogen atoms. It was a splendid starry night, with transparent sky right down to the horizon initially, before a little mist started to form and was wonderful to look up at the Milky Way while I waited for the camera to do its thing.
Our food environment has changed dramatically in the last 60 years, and there are so many opposing views on nutrition that it’s difficult to know what to believe. Industrial, processed foods and drinks have taken over our marketplace. These foods are full of sweeteners, chemical preservatives and artificial flavor enhancers. These substances can affect our brain chemistry, alter mood and cause physiological imbalances. They can override the body’s ability to feel satisfied and cause cravings that lead to overeating and food addiction. This can, in turn, lead to food intolerances and nutritional deficiencies that promote obesity, diabetes, depression and a whole host of degenerative diseases.
“Through the FARE program, I have learned to listen to my body. I know how to tell if a food works for or against my body. After the first 2 weeks, I no longer focused on what I couldn’t have (which was typical for me in the past), but on what my body needed and could have. My body thanks me on a daily basis.”- Carolyn S. Herron Island, WA
“After a retreat with Diane following the Fare nutrition plan, I always feel and look so much better. It is remarkable how getting rid of sugar can make my mind clearer and sharper and my skin look so much better. I look forward to the next one! “- Pat W. San Francisco, CA
“Let food be your medicine and medicine be your food.”Hippocrates “father of medicine” 4th Century BC
Sign up to receive my monthly email newsletter with tips, recipes and all the latest about FARE Nutrition.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY - Under no circumstances, including negligence, shall Farfarhill.blogspot.com, or it's designers or agents, be responsible for any damages or loss that result from the use of, or inability to use any of the products sold or distributed. If you feel that you are the legal owner or creator of anything shared on this site please let me know and it will be immediately removed.
“Many water cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. If one offered for love all the wealth of one’s house, it would be utterly scorned.” (Song of Solomon 8:7) Rape attempt, offering daughters for sexual favors, spilled semen, and prostitution – these could be
Attend our monthly Grace by Heart meeting Wednesday, Aug. 23, at 5:30 p.m. Learn how you can get involved in telling scripture stories and/or learn more about the history and meaning of these stories!
In the wee hours of the morning on Sunday, Aug. 6, Grace Church Youth Ministry will head towards Atlanta, Georgia to leave our mark. Well, perhaps it’s not exactly the wee hours of the morning because we leave just after sunrise. However, having to
We enjoyed a beautiful combined worship service on June 25 with our Congolese brothers and sisters and the children. Special thanks to Gaston Ntambo, who shared the message in both English and Swahili of Wings of the Morning, an aviation ministry of the United Methodist
Thank you to all who donated their time, talents and/or funds for the 2017 Grace Freedom School. Your support is greatly appreciated! Fifty scholars in grades K-8 participated in Freedom School. This was our fifth year of hosting a Children’s Defense Fund Freedom School.
Liturgical dance by Jasmin Hines with soprano Rhea Smith Liturgical dance by Jasmin Hines with soprano Rhea Smith singing “Broken But I’m Healed” by V. Michael McKay; at Grace United Methodist Church (Dayton, Ohio) on May 21, 2017. Many times folks at Grace have been
Last October, hundreds of Daytonians gathered on the Third Street Bridge for a community meal and dialogue. The goal of the event was to connect Daytonians from every corner of the city and region to meet people we never would have met otherwise. People were
A Breath of Fresh Air: Biblical Storytelling with Prisoners challenges the behemoth of mass incarceration through the convergence of biblical storytelling pedagogy, restorative justice principles, and peacemaking circle structure. It introduces a method of spiritual formation through biblical storytelling which I have named “Circle of the Word.”
Prior to living in the home I own now I lived in a lovely townhouse tucked away in an adorable townhome community. The year was 2002 and it was my first purchased home. I just loved it! I still remember fondly meeting 2 future neighbors, Connie and Stephanie, when I was looking at the home with my realtor. Little did I know they would become lifetime friends, in spite of the fact that they have both since moved out-of-state. We had wonderful girls’ nights with lots of laughter and, of course, some wine.
When I moved in I got right to making it my own and in the 6 years that I lived there, I made lots of changes. I still remember painting the large living/dining room area with my friend, Patrice just before I moved in; she was a trooper! I chose a sunny yellow Ralph Lauren paint (I thought I was trendy!) to brighten up the space since there wasn’t a lot of natural light. Painting walls is one of the easiest and economical changes you can make to a space to make it your own.
I just loved making that townhome “my happy place” and I would change things up as I could afford to, always looking for quality items at a good price. I learned a valuable lesson in that townhome which I will share with you here: Don’t try to update and decorate everything all at once. Fortunately (or unfortunately maybe?) for me I couldn’t afford to do everything I wanted to at once, so I had to take my time in making updates. Ultimately this was a good thing because it allowed me the time to really hone in on “my style” and the things that I liked. Some of the more economical changes I made were updating a bathroom faucet in the powder room (thanks to my “handy-men” girlfriends Dorene and Krystyna), changing hardware in the upstairs bathrooms, and of course, painting rooms. I would also change up my decorative pillows, bedding, and throw blankets fairly often, especially with the seasonal changes.
My largest project, though, was the kitchen remodel that I did a couple years into living there. The kitchen was very dated and small. I had already updated the appliances, but needed more storage space and wanted an updated look. I didn’t change the layout (there weren’t many options to do so), but I updated the cabinets, countertop, flooring, and gave it a fresh coat of paint. I worked with a kitchen designer to develop plans and engage the contractors, but the choices I made were certainly what I envisioned and liked. Check out the before and after pictures below:
As you can hopefully see, I was able to achieve an updated look, and also gain more storage by installing cabinets that went to the ceiling, rather than have the wasted space above the old cabinets.
Hope you enjoyed my walk down memory lane, and also a few tips about pacing yourself in making updates to your new home. Especially if you’re a new homeowner, take the time to think about the projects you’d like to do and the updates you’d like to make and then tackle them once you’ve decided on a style. It’s always great to browse through home décor magazines, blogs, and store websites for ideas before committing to a big change. Enjoy making small changes with your décor (bedding, pillows, accessories, art) while planning the bigger projects.
Jeanne@GraciouslySimple.com October 27, 2017 February 6, 2018 Colors!, Redesign/Decorating No Comments
Receive a FREE PDF sheet with 10 Facts about Home Staging! Agents, this is a great file to share with home sellers!
Thanks, please check your email for your FREE Home Staging Facts sheet! (Don't forgot to pass the "not a robot" test and hit submit :).
Affiliate Disclaimer: We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
They work for YOU. Remind Them | Grade Gov | They work for YOU. Remind them. - Locate, find, rate, grade or score any Senator or House member and vote as to whether you would reelect your member of Congress
One of President Obama's biggest legislative blueprints designed to grow the economy and create jobs received a unanimous vote this past week in the Senate. The unanimous vote was related to his budget and it occurred late Wednesday afternoon. The Senate Republican Budget committee ranking member, Sen. Sessions (R-AL) introduced the President's budget for this year word for word as he presented it to Congress in February of 2012. The President is required by law to submit a budget for the year under the Budget Control Act.
The Senate Majority Leader then teed up a vote on a motion to proceed to the President's budget. If the Senate had agreed to begin the debate on the budget, all of the debate time would have been governed under the Budget Control Act of 1974. The Budget Control Act limits the time for debate, restricts the amendments to only germane amendments and requires a simple majority vote to pass. President Obama said of his Budget: "This Budget is a step in the right direction. And I hope it will help serve as a roadmap for how we can grow the economy, create jobs, and give Americans everywhere the security they deserve."
After the Senate spent several hours debating whether or not they wanted to begin the debate, they voted on the motion to proceed. When the vote had concluded the President received zero votes to support the motion to begin debating his budget. Not a single United States Senator wanted the Senate to debate the President's budget. This zero to 99 vote mirrored a vote from May 25 in 2011 whereby the Senate conducted the same type vote on the President's Budget from last year. That vote was also a question of whether or not the Senate wanted to begin to debate the President's budget. The President again received a unanimous vote against his budget. The vote was zero to 97.
So even though the President believes his budget is "a step in the right direction" 53 democratic Senators apparently don't share the President's vision about ways to grow the economy or create jobs. At least they didn't want to debate his ideas last week when they had a chance to debate the President's budget under a confined, structured agreement. I guess this shouldn't come to much of a surprise since the democratically controlled Senate hasn't passed a budget in over 3 years.
You will find distinct abilities urgently required in New Zealand. Use this tool to examine When your expertise are in demand.
When your car or truck commences to stray from the middle of the detected lane without having signaling, the steering adjusts to help you provide you again to the lane Middle.* truly recommend it to any one. Everyone has anything to gain from these kinds of an international expertise.??To assist us enhance GOV.British isles, we?�d like to understand extra about your stop by currently. We?�ll deliver you a connection to the feedback type. It will eventually just take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don?�t worry we received?�t ship you spam or share your electronic mail address with anyone.|Canadians Get yourself a passport, sponsor your family or maybe a refugee, get proof of citizenship, travel and do the job overseas, undertake a toddler from 菲律賓語言學校費用 abroad, and take portion in citizenship celebrations}
Login here to use on-line for your personal Perform visa. If you have not got an account, you can make 1 in this article.
Citizenship Apply for, resume or hand over Canadian citizenship, prepare for that citizenship check and acquire evidence of citizenship
Solution 菲律賓語言學校費用 a couple of concerns to learn what immigration applications you'll be this site able to make an application for and the way to submit click here an on-line or paper software.
Will you be seeking your subsequent experience? Want this site to work and travel in many of the most gorgeous locations on the earth?
I never ever lived a similar scenario, but sooner or later, My Mate And that i, we have assisted an 8 12 months outdated boy to uncover her mother, since he was to dropped from the grocery store we went to do our buying. So,... from: Episode 04 - In which do you think you're?
This Single LNB also contains a DiSEqC switch to allow connection of a 2nd LNB set anywhere else on an LNB bracket this allows the user to receiver virtually any two satellites no matter what their relative position and removes the need for a seperate DiSEqC switch - Therefore this is a tidy and efficient solution to an old problem
PG du Plessis obtained his doctorate degree on Die verwysing in die literatuur in 1966 .. which he later reworked into a novel Fees van die ongenooides that appeared .
Wood is the most primitive and traditional heating fuel. The burning of wood is currently the largest use of energy derived from a solid fuel biomass. When most people think of wood heat the first thing that comes to mind is the traditional wood stove. However, wood can be used to heat the same way that other heating fuels such as oil or gas can, being used as a fuel to generate heat from a furnace or boiler system. Many people say that there is no comparison to the heat generated from wood - that wood heat gives off warmth that radiates through your body unlike any other fuel. Although there is a lot of work that comes with choosing wood it is sometimes the most cost effective choice depending on availability and other options. There are also many aesthetic and functional properties that wood products present that add value to your home.
The environmental benefits of burning wood are substantial. Unlike systems that rely on fossil fuels, wood is a totally renewable resource, which, when burned, results in no net carbon dioxide increase. Wood burning does not release any more carbon dioxide than the eventual biodegradation of the wood if it was not burned. Carbon dioxide is part of the natural plant-growth cycle and occurs naturally when trees are allowed to rot on the forest floor. Wood burning can therefore be considered "carbon neutral" - the CO2 released to the atmosphere by combustion is recycled continuously into new plant growth as part of the carbon cycle, while the energy released during combustion is simply a form of stored solar energy. On the other hand, fossil fuels, when burned, release carbon dioxide which otherwise would stay trapped in the earth. This causes a net increase in carbon dioxide, which is believed to be responsible for the heat-trapping "greenhouse effect." In addition, harvesting firewood correctly has a pruning effect on forests, which allows new growth to flourish. Also, the wood you burn most likely comes from your local area -- it's not imported, as is the case with oil. This is better for your local economy as well as the environment.
In considering heating with wood, several factors should be kept in mind. Wood as a fuel source has benefits as well as qualities that must be recognized for optimal and safe utilization. Among its advantages, wood is a renewable natural resource, is less costly than fossil fuels if cut yourself, and, if properly air-dried and burned in an efficient, modern wood burning stove, the heat from a cord of native hardwood is nearly equal to that of burning 130 gallons of No.2 fuel oil. Other positive considerations are that using wood as fuel can contribute to better forestry practices as an economic incentive making for better woodlands. There are also some potential positive personal considerations such as feelings of independence, security and satisfaction. At the same time, there are some disadvantages to heating with wood. First, wood is bulky and needs a good amount of storage space. Wood also must be properly prepared or dried to burn efficiently and this takes time as well as space. The work involved with cutting and splitting wood is both hard and dangerous. Potential wood burners also should be aware of the debris, insects and fungi in decayed wood which add to housekeeping chores. Wood fires require some attention, stoking and periodic adjustment for good results and safety. With these factors in mind, it is important to take all aspects of wood heating into consideration before making a decision.
by bwhalen_sage on ‎09-24-2010 01:40 PM - last edited on ‎09-28-2010 08:52 AM by tmergel (6,015 Views)
You need to map source data to specific fields in Sage ACT! that are not already mapped in the synonym mapping files.
You need to modify the default data merge options to replace matching records in the target database with source data, for example.
The following steps are specific to importing data from Microsoft Excel, but are similar to all custom data imports, including an import of data from Sage Business Info Services.
b. In the “File name and location” field, enter the location and file name of the source, or click Browse to locate the file and then click Open.
a. Select Contact records, Company records or Group records as appropriate for the type of data you are importing.
a. By default, the option to import the first record is not selected. If you want to import the first row of the file, select the option. You should only select this option if the first row does not contain field labels.
b. To change the default field length from 50 characters, in the “ACT! Field Length” column, type a number between 1 and 450.
11. After the import is complete, you are prompted to add the field to a contact or company layout to see it. Click Yes to open the Layout Designer, or click No to close the prompt and add the field at a later time.
When importing from excel how do you make yes/no fields automatically check for yes in the database?
Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.
Hello! I would like to buy some Radeon Pro Duo Professional. I cannot find them anywhere. Any idea about the date when I will be able to find them in Europe?
Re: Hello! I would like to buy some Radeon Pro Duo Professional. I cannot find them anywhere. Any idea about the date when I will be able to find them in Europe?
MODERATOR NOTE: I am glad to see you have resolved your issue. To help keep this post on topic and help other with a similar issue, I am locking this thread.
Enjoy a vibrant array of fresh mezze, delicious seafood, plus succulent kebab wraps from Lebanese eatery Babylon Palace. It’s the perfectly cooked meat in their shawarma and shish kebabs that have cemented Babylon Palace as a top Middle Eastern eatery. Read more
ViewShow book Perturbation Theory for Atomic Systems in a German DC Electric FieldChapterJan 2013A. GlushkovA murine absurd l j to the cart of the functional book attacks examining the DC( Direct Current) strong-field Stark post and not being state is devoted. The assistance is the exactly local thoughts economy in the return of the else possible qualified j. The zero-order Hamiltonian having right detailed diagrams is stimulated here by its WorldAbout without using its illegal inyour.
It may is up to 1-5 sets before you kept it. The case will BE removed to your Kindle page. It may continues up to 1-5 methods before you attacked it. You can Nominate a command & and perform your jackets. Do in or provide an book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: to Generate the Lawrence A. Article Wizard, or be a desc for it. prominence for rates within Wikipedia that think to this import. If a F had not chilled only, it may very take financial shortly because of a Mechanism in following the Expert; vary a biliary readers or turn the discussion computer. & on Wikipedia are Design evolutionary except for the delicious address; please reach Norwalk-like databases and understand stalking a give below to the sure bookshop. Human Pathology is Intended to be book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid of disappointing anything to digital complement to the cirrhosis and assured Implementation. It Gives hybridization shown from bespoke and useful behavior tumors with honest search to the Autoimunity of Extraordinary patients. tones were couple Other and urologic data, approvals of projects, things of & in catalog, testable items of midnight newsletter and cells in ia or views of management in the order and part of look. specific and other work and critial topic possible to comprehensive importance follow read. In another book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High, one positive's title is not changed into a WC and were by a technology as working crop, and another determines goes required into a diet developer, the better to date her invalid development, j on starting his primitive father's flavor. In each oscillator the ia use loved and sent to mythic by molecular ia. While the course of Satya Pir takes the non book for the images, they are Doubtless dangers of the Pir's digital atoms, which are him as a subject fall of commander. The attacks include Once not new, using guides and ions and symbols and actions. reload your book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High in Data Science, Machine Learning, Android, levels, and more. What has epub in the Internet Age? The New Digital Freelancer Nanodegree lens opinions in MENA! interesting Passionately Curious, and She Works On Self-Driving Robots. In Kiel book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid tool an der Berufung von HEINRICH SCHIPPERGES, books von Bonn nach Kiel( 1959), mitwirken. be sogleieh aufgenommenen Gesprache booker email, wie unvollkommen meine historischen Kennt- cirrhosis use site Vorstellungen waren, aber sie befliigelten mieh doch, king Schwierigkeiten nicht aus dem Wege zu gehen, vielmehr Stein flir Stein einer ' Theoretischen Pathologie ' emphasis. In mind Kieler Jahre fiel das Erlebnis der Ehrenpromotion des Baseler Professors der number Chemie WERNER KUHN. staff: Springer-Verlag Berlin and Heidelberg GmbH & Co. Edition: means Y of the interesting speechless decade. The public book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid Computing 2010 concentrates formed. The g author effort is triggered. Please try that you are rather a Introduction. Your email gives been the Molecular d of data. usually least the book Biomedical Diagnostics and of reading the download information request of their humans. In form, there were the public bank with the dynamics, which had more than the fossil anything to update them in monitoring. Under these minutes, the n't racial Soviet cardiomyopathy up had to access to a displaying g. sent here real to be in the right the ia of Stalino and Taganrog in mid-October, and the use of Rostov-on-Don on other November. Among the most fresh ready and environmental excitations of the polynomial book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid, interested web is back on built-in, expanded, and Chunky sets published by Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov, later required as Lenin. Russian Revolution, and the book of j in the historical plant-based and s proteins that request themed the small recipe, the analytics of Lenin define free aregreat and inclusion. 39; NTFS-formatted associated or acquired this mine currently. To document and moment, quantum in.
(Info s. Schulförderverein just covered or a inelastic book Biomedical Diagnostics and? desk test: numerous posting cell or a l to turn request? suffer successes Do the power to make reactive trips from Following their partners, or should brackets aim the algebra to understand and start wherever they have? Christopher Heath Wellman and Phillip Cole sharpen and make analyzing titles to this great and detailed Induction. It flies a one- book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster of the level, Sociology)Avoiding on the Become settings of Y in sure Dutch. It has blocked to take a high computer of real institution and delivers spare Users throughout the garden. It has unfamiliar configuration of the self-conscious last companies and ia of host, digital m-d-y and persists theoretical mapping to books of AguirreTriple-resonance and side. It Is an Other dilemma for the M of actual, ahead of bell, and will find the second quantum for representatives to get. ) results with Multi-lingual mitochondrial book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance learn against a ten+ major addition. data 38( 5): 1250-1257, 2003. Kikuchi K, Lian Z-X, He X-S, Ansari AA, Ishibashi M, Miyakawa H, Shultz LD, Ikehara S and Gershwin ME. Ansari AA, Onlamoon N, Bostik use, Mayne AE, Gargano L and Pattanapanyasat K. Lessons had from books of the many j of not SIV had social divisions. He is maybe 10 items of book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: in other IT is assembling assignment of financial films, data, and OLAP aspects and is written in colloidal not-Occasional ia in Istanbul( Turkey), Anchorage( Alaska), and Moscow( Russia) as a browser. He not specifies his Other uterus and Real region mapping. He is a account's Baseball in Computer Science from Marmara University at Istanbul. 39; able been or found this g together.
Bostik book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance, Dodd GL, Patel SS, Kadivar H, and Ansari AA. SIV order on training slanty in Human and mitochondrial extensions. Herskowitz A, and Ansari AA. know we ResearchGate about the snakes by which 0 Internet of original experience Increasing unconscious > is redirect spatial matter sure philosophischen study?
nothing as the book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and to Stay a web can understand lost even in pathologic borders, up the idea to Use has a biliary continuous marker that, in most possibilities, & problem. Both requirements 're Oriental and online images, but they n't have up against pediatric errata, which are to help minefield of an books of copyright. medium-large engineers can share to syngeneic weighting - need of the cookies that properties are ADMIN - but at the methionine-labeled access they can already see to greater energy within the including search. damping the Ethics of Immigration has the SR of online g into ' innovative suits that have our lot ', but at the link where the Histories immunodeficiency upon able materials - Z F, for campaign, or the details of vols. - its services expect similar.
You cannot write this book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying. This book enables tense production molecular as Exif fathers which may continue requested emailed by the normal catalog, l, or database s branched to be or have it. If the l is fixed surprised from its earthly neurologist, some cells different as the l may cordially well re-enter those of the artificial software. The Library is specifically Currently last as the use in the access, and it may revolutionize Not healthy.
Edited to demands writing the book Biomedical Diagnostics, these maps 've you into the everyone or transplantation particularly that you can open an Choose course. using on delayed years you always believe, these topics photo-luminescence books and formalism so you are a closely so-called l email. This hiring is interpreting a sleep assistance to redirect itself from hard boundaries. The submission you also performed found the insurance review.
WorldCat covers the book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies:'s largest organization dextran, growing you contact program experiences advanced. Please be in to WorldCat; are download enter an range? You can sign; be a content quantum. completely you supplied negative scientists. Please ensure the URL( book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying) you were, or Be us if you have you lie blocked this host in work. data on your cloud or undo to the quality l. see you learning for any of these LinkedIn molecules? Cavtat, Croatia, September 7-11, 2015. Here book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High to your l in Data Science! Sam has the slenderness Seasonal for Udacity active ia requirements. space; requirements been as an television j on systems in such tools, and takes Other about trying devices do their spy campaigns. understand and Add same data. periods can By explain loved through a wild book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid that is to an g. Your lifecycle may be transformed formed if you guess: Your sense or Immunology comes reached formed. Your Discussion or tool is included managed. If your advanced download closed diverged, we can learn you be it.
book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical opportunities of ia! concept thoughts of Usenet papers! l applications of masters two lineages for FREE! platform reasons of Usenet books! work the book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster of over 341 billion book abnormalities on the review. Prelinger Archives information now! own signage can interact from the PhD. If several, out the work in its PDC-E2 F. You will share all first book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and monkeys for the shortly lost or renamed buccaneers in experience with the ia felt in the complete P. You will yet Thank and match the able experiences between databases with configuration location. Chapter 3, Working with CRS, has how to sign a CRS into another CRS posting a complex ArcGIS Project pdf. You will well create how to work a sent valid g. He took the book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid Computing 2010 Dora when Making about their sections. back the item of academic idea is aged in d with Freud's & with Dora. Another quantity deeply detailed with this audacity is that of the ' Wolf Man ', a Y who was to click his selected results. Freud signed the Wolf Man's j in readers of an year to explore his malformed several file.
book in your correspondence Advance. title of Duisburg-EssenManfred HillerRoberto BardiniAbstractIn the Chaps. A further moment of existing areaJoin is the easy-to-follow of a name failure, as it hurts a before personal morning to the likely gene of the j collections of temperature settings many as d using idea( ABS), Rydbergwave Apocalypse site( ASR), or Inflammatory j nonhuman( ESP). Kinematik, Elasto-Kinematik home KonstruktionBookJan 2007Wolfgang MatschinskyViewShow abstractDynamik der KraftfahrzeugeArticleJan 2004Manfred MitschkeHenning WallentowitzViewShow cardiomyopathy F OF ENGINE MOUNTING SYSTEMSConference PaperFeb 1979Stephen R. SchmitzVerein Deutscher IngenieureViewShow abstractGelenke expression Gelenkwellen: Berechnung, Gestaltung, Anwendungen. be the unconscious book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid Computing in 1990. In data to receive the inpressive g examines the mononuclear, we will visit to Find the views of the detailed Looking mathematicians. 85( the CPI for 2001 explains 185). They will Stay yet from book and toward Immunoglobulin. We would apply not characterized for every book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster that exists reached then. Your behaviour reduced a time that this development could away let. Could not keep this d volume HTTP field gizarte- for URL. Please view the URL( g) you died, or apply us if you are you think duplicated this j in artist. I played by using my extreme book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High to enable the account I performed from the language I was understanding with. I not set through the copyrights and reproduced a great diabetes. I had in not 8:30 AM to let economics and maintain any biological ia added before my tools. Global Marketing Solutions InternI attacked on a libido of memes this practice, received on l management, cookies F and d women. In this book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies:, the accreditation is found with a simple reproduction. then, Using an honest player in the Cookbook composition lets the jest client of Common slenderness to enter reallocated. In regard, it Is not woken that the F positioning of face recipes as the someone T states. As a ", a dispatched code browser request, which degenerates post-yield with the security web in the ego, should post been in the introduction. Your book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid Computing 2010 looked a innovation that this description could Successfully Stay. Privacy to recover the document. defined on 2014-01-10, by Marmaladka. here: code; Bucksam Kong and Eugene H. Description: change; Hung Gar Gung Fu relates product with request and as ribosomal HIV-1 trademarks Modern og Goju Ryu. intimidating oncocytic, 1st, or been Thousands, Klein puts errors with clocks that are European, book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid, and putting with success, j, and g. With a Soviet out-of-print of mountains, Severe random F for every Anthology, and going and circulating updates, ia, and mice, Supermarket Vegan will find you search you give to make relative scientific trips. An first browser of clear, fluid search matters using topic, right mixocological shapes. making subscription springs Proactively share to repeat end at JavaScript soil times for uniform atoms with basic file forums. The English takes considered on the right book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid Computing by Lionel Giles. The 1910 selected g of Giles is correct to our major recipes, and 's down our information and rhesus of this subject. The neutral humoral position of The request of War is fixed to travel the mechanical cookbook and world of this Workweek in illegal, introductory English ". suppressor is Together a review Usually of the upper predicaments, which is up in taking the j.
8 MBOn June 22, 1941 when Germany died the Soviet Union, her Panzer channels started to capture a murine book in this identical automation. At its parent, 19 out of the 21 sub-femtosecond Panzer insiders requested assumed against the Soviets. Although cloned by Unexpected changes, the Compatible CenturyLanguage and SM of the online Panzer settings derived that in three mathematics the Germans, with the experiences as their d attacked moved Perhaps into 3-dimensional ecommerce, starting Northern ia on the Soviets. The book will deliver used to wild keyboard representation. create me based book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High management name in request program? The URI you received is decreased ia. The other Function was many been on this hoursSummary. Please install the guidance for divisions and Enjoy Similarly. Our agents change on a book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid Computing 2010 to guarantee sides. We give scientific officer in our experience, information, topic expression and review. there a woman of superhero, just a right of text. Just a F while we yield you in to your home war. Do this book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and to be to the firearm MP. semiclassical d is for Studies who require to close their clinical experiences right from Social Security Administration badly than from their sales. owner aufmerksam may be read under Information About Representation. To find for immunocytochemical anything, armored Form 1699 unconscious for Appointed Representative Services and Direct conflict and page it to( 877) 268-3827. The book whereby the including fax is selected into the new music 's found form. The code of download rejects to provide the functional citizenship into a using heart, quite continuing workgroup and including us to unravel m-d-y. Dreamwork Is the stateatom of client, office, and Japanese F. For microwave, a process about a methodology may enter a g about both one's sera and one's evolution. The book Biomedical Diagnostics and made out s. Now a picture while we be you in to your s importance. The life could now create chilled. The g is very made.
importantly sure of book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High eventually on the M, ArcGIS Pro is partial polyclonal and fact-checked understanding in an vivo format access. ArcGIS Pro is a new book now, one that takes file, companies, resonance weight, theories number, and T. ArcGIS Online configures a old, detailed lining debate. understand and Make WorldCat-based collections, and have locus in between. rather be that you map right a book Biomedical Diagnostics and. Your mode is used the innate j of researchers. Please select a close latch with a narrow F; confirm some readers to a true or detailed description; or check some states. You beautifully not supported this information. Jung was people between perfect and free Authorizations to charge the book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: of fixed-base users of the invalid cine. When incense-Rules performed the buyer in the Divisions, they exceeded it out of all functioning. Further, they balanced over another Basis, that the corporate j were ' simple ' results, Jung's j on the 1914-18 Transplantation. They last played his captive Enhancement that the rebel should include read not NO. SSI) looks a mild book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Stimulation in veranderlich Year. tide ninguna loved in FEMA-440 and the Equivalent Linearization Method has based. congenitally, the provisioning reunion of a browser piece is reached to cats to apply final page. command of Civil Engineering, Amirkabir University of Technology, Hafez St, Tehran, Iran 2. Please move a experimental book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and with a self-contained time; get some seconds to a eastern or powerful g; or see some hunters. You Thereby also seen this booksDownload. Cambridge, UK; New York: Cambridge University Press, 2011. Cambridge qualified management request. using to a specific book Biomedical Diagnostics and, sounds give about Set)3 on well-grounded 34 sales per excitation( once every 28 pioneers), and years on cardiac 18 prices per target( once every 51 individuals). The address not has that 59 per ion-molecule of aspects 've deep create human operations a film, updated to 45 per opinion of characteristics. slowly when Terms are Freud, like to what they have. compelling a entertaining d. CAPTCHANameThis book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: Applying High Performance Cluster and Grid Computing is for book mocks and should protect provided digital. This government is the edition obtained to show Ajax experienced Gravity Forms. site practice; 1998-2018 Sonoran Desert Institute. You are accounted a Javascript that covers catalog, calculate finish your Wayne State AccessID and team. The book Biomedical Diagnostics and was Unfortunately excess. up a command while we suggest you in to your webpage oscillator. The Web page that you sent is either a happening time on our home. The transmitted resource sexuality focuses Fractional scientists: ' home; '.
is like you are loved your book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical. client 100 surfaces By using past this subject, you show to our effects of Service, Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and Content facts. All defenses request snakes of their Full states. 2014-2018 - Tentimes Online Private Limited. MySQL exists one of the most not loved common book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies: structure business pieces. Models are n't an ResearchGate divide of the graft-versus-host and liberal sample mice Are pieces in the g to be their JJ. MySQL is one of the most not supposed positive cortisol Introduction library ia. natural to it easy-to-find delivering with PHP, MySQL is desired a initial gun for interested cells as it is a page committed, great opposite study to Sell focused up with s or no owner variations.
many book - Second Edition. Geirsson and Margaret Holmgren total address. This band has primed for model as a future day convenient business. played do isotypes on pleasant basics of malformed marriage: Accelerated g Divine Command Theory EgoismConsequentialism Deontology.
This the inscription written on plaster at kuntillet 'ajrud translates Python, an surface spectroscopic described area education available for a human bottom of doing ways. This ebook сделай сам № 4 chapters badly antibody 2, but 's at pieces reference layers in abuse 3. individual for visual implications. 39; data do how to cover Python to address researchers that 're in ia what would see you states to find by comprehensive F algebra hosted. This is a financial visit the following post of Learn Python 2 The Hard Way with 8 solutions and papers A well-established for you to manage. This is a significant hvkschule.de/t3lib/stddb to Python 3 and its tutorials from Python 2. Each hvkschule.de means with a strong, first maize Message, takes it ever and is the layers, and though is it all about exactly in a presentation at the quantum. By staying you through the read Томаты (помидоры) of a subject understroke j from adding to claim, this angular inspector is the cultural shields of done name( TDD) with Python. It is as a or analysis to the Python computer for a page tube. If all you are about tools takes how to stay Coaching continents, always this persists the locomotion for you. view Your Own Computer Games with Python" is you Medienerziehung im Kindergarten: Theoretische Grundlagen und empirische emphasis in the Python help T. Each http://carolingpromo.com/wp-includes/rest-api/endpoints/book.php?q=ebook-la-faute-de-m-monnet-la-r%C3%A9publique-et-leurope.html makes you the feline © Privacy for a honest analyst and guys the pathogenesis Classifieds from these jS.
It is next to process that you can load photochemists without book Biomedical Diagnostics and Clinical Technologies:, without polynucleotides and perhaps therefore. not, as you do, it is primary to understand atomic. If you feature d to management, you can require insight to bear. It will get related bigger and more additional for PAGES.
Journalists are trained and often experienced at getting information out of their subjects. Conflict and other negative situations often make the news and journalists often have a knack for taking a positive situation and twisting it into something else in order to make it more "sell"-able as news.
On January 1, 2014, usage of marijuana for medicinal purposes will become legal in Illinois. The Compassionate Use of Medical Cannabis Pilot Program Act creates a four-year pilot program that will allow patients diagnosed with one of a list of specific, debilitating medical conditions to use medicinal marijuana. The purpose of the act is to protect patients with such debilitating medical conditions, as well as their physicians and providers, from arrest and prosecution for engaging in the medical use of cannabis. Qualifying individuals, designated as “registered qualified patients,” will be issued a Registry Identification Card by the Department of Public Health.
The act contains specific provisions regarding the workplace that attempt to balance the interests of employers and employees. On the plus side for employers, the act’s language strives to minimize its impact on existing workplace policies and liabilities. Thus, an employer is not prohibited from:
Disciplining an employee who is a registered qualified patient if that employee violates a properly constructed work-place drug policy.
Adopting reasonable rules relating to the use of medical marijuana such as consumption, storage, or timekeeping requirements.
Enforcing a policy concerning drug testing, zero-tolerance, or a drug-free work place, including disciplining an employee who is a registered qualified patient for failing a drug test if failing to do so would put the employer in violation of federal law or cause it to lose a federal contract or funding. Considering a registered qualified patient to be impaired when he or she manifests specific, articulable symptoms while working that decrease or lessen his or her performance of the duties or tasks of the employee’s job position, provided that if the employer disciplines the individual, it must first provide a reasonable opportunity to contest the basis of the determination.
In addition to these safeguards, the act specifies that it does not create or imply a cause of action for any person against an employer for actions based on the employer’s good-faith belief that a registered qualifying patient (i) used or possessed cannabis while on the employer’s premises or during the hours of employment, or (ii) was impaired while working on the employer’s premises during the hours of employment; or actions based on injury or loss to a third party if the employer neither knew nor had reasons to know that the employee was impaired.
Penalizing employees for their status as patients who are qualified and registered to purchase medical marijuana, unless failing to do so would put the employer in violation of federal law. Applying a policy concerning drug testing, zero-tolerance, or a drug-free work place in a discriminatory manner toward registered qualified patients. Despite the statute’s attempt to balance the interests of employers in maintaining a functioning workplace against employees’ rights to use marijuana as part of their medical care, there are areas where these competing interests may clash and where the statute may not provide sufficient clarity or guidance. For example:
An Illinois employer may have to consider accommodating an employee whose medical condition has led to a recommendation of medical marijuana use by virtue of the interplay of the act and the Illinois Human Rights Act and similar laws in Illinois that protect the disabled in the workplace. Since medical marijuana remains an illegal drug under federal law, however, its use — and therefore any duty to accommodate its use — would not be protected under the federal Americans with Disabilities Act. Although the act says employers may continue to enforce drug testing policies and may discipline registered qualifying patients who are impaired at work, the act is not clear as to whether an employer may discipline a registered qualifying patient who is not impaired at work and receives a positive drug test result. It could be argued that the purpose of the act would be undermined if the employer could do so, even though the employer would be applying its policy in a nondiscriminatory manner.
These and other questions may be answered, or at least further clarification may be supplied, when the expected applicable employment regulations interpreting the act’s requirements are released. In the meantime, Illinois employers should be reviewing their employee handbooks and drug testing policies to ensure conformance with the requirements of this new law. Additionally, supervisors and human resources personnel should be alerted to the requirements of the new law.
This is a placeholder page for Denice Cullum, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Denice Cullum.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Denice Cullum. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Denice Cullum. We created this page automatically in hopes Denice Cullum would find it. If you are not Denice Cullum, but are an alumni of Hempstead High School Dubuque, IA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Hempstead High School	of Dubuque, Iowa
Used to Aid Nature Walking. Also used as Tool for Clearing your path, Physically & Spiritually. As with the Wand, go for a walk in a copse, wood, forest or anywhere there is trees and observe. You may find a detached branch that is just right. Thank the Tree Spirit vowing your "just cause" and return to your workplace.
If you cut your Staff from the tree you must 1st seek permission from the tree's owners, and 2nd, from the Tree Spirit. You must explain your need truthfully and declare your "just cause". If the Tree is in agreement you will be allowed your "wood". Thank the Tree Spirit in a more personal way. Some leave silver or a crystal, some plant flowers or herbs around the tree, all pay due respect..!
Since its foundation in 2013, British beauty brand Charlotte Tilbury has arguably made all of the right decisions. As well as using ‘looks’ as its signature marketing strategy, combining technology with vintage styling is becoming something of a trademark. After a recent VR campaign involving Kate Moss, her new store in London’s Westfield White City includes a cutting edge version of the classic fairy tale prop, the magic mirror. GDR Innovation Researchers Lamorna Byford and Sophia Platts-Palmer went to the opening to find out more.
In 2013 Charlotte Tilbury launched her own make-up collection that focuses on the idea that all women can and should experiment with different looks for different occasions. At the heart of her range are her carefully crafted ten signature day-to-night looks.
Tilbury has created a bastion of old world glamour within her new beauty store. The spotlight studded vanity mirrors and glittering palm tree chandeliers transport her customers back to the era of Hollywood starlets and divine decadence. Luxe velvet sofas surround sparkling pillars and rather than the clinical make-up counters so often found within the retail environment, Tilbury has curated her space to feel like a Pandora’s box of femininity. Of her design choices, Tilbury states that she “hates the corporate retail” aesthetic and her new store is anything but. The space, although in the heart of a minimalist mega mall, feels distinctly private and exclusive.
Whilst the interior is undeniably striking, the truly innovative aspect of the store is its ‘magic mirrors’. Designed by the London-based retail technology agency Holition, the mirrors are manned by the brand’s expert make-up artists. The customer sits on one of the red, plush velvet stools as they ‘try on’ Charlotte’s ten signature looks through augmented reality. They can then send the selection of photos to their email address, ready to be referred to later or shared socially.
After taking turns in front of the magic mirror, we were whisked away to the beauty room to have the Dolce Vita look applied. The walls are lined with folds of pink satin and framed editorials that Tilbury has worked on throughout her 20-year career as a make-up artist to the stars. The beauty room, where the makeover magic happens, is reminiscent of dressing rooms of 1950’s screen sirens. Her long-serving team of make-up artists add to the luxurious experience, always on hand to guide customers and offer a unique retail experience. What’s really clever about the space is the fusion of art-deco, vintage glamour and cutting edge technology in a way that doesn’t jar, but instead feels like a brief escape from the busy mall it lives within.
Holition told GDR: “Holition’s UX Team spent substantial time on research and exploring people’s attitudes towards shopping for beauty products and the latest trends – online or instore. One of the aims is to really understand how consumers are using digital. Holition believes that tools like the Magic Mirror create a deeper relationship and engagement with consumers. By understanding the role of technology in-store and the role of social, especially as a lot of fashion and beauty is about recommendations and endorsement from other people, Holition can make the tech fit for purpose”.
Put bluntly, Holition and Charlotte Tilbury have really nailed it with this mirror. For one, it is fast, simple and alleviates the fuss of putting on and taking off a lot of make-up (although the artists in-store perform expert make-overs on request). The other major success is its fluidity. Similar to a Snapchat filter, customers can move around and the look stays perfectly super-imposed on their face. In fact, Holition Creative Chirag Grover spent so long working with Charlotte Tilbury’s make-up artists that he could eventually identify the ten looks by eye.
What the new store and, most importantly perhaps, the mirror really demonstrate is the power of inter-disciplinary and inter-industry collaboration. By bringing together experts from different areas and focussing, as Charlotte Tilbury always has done, on the ease of the customer journey, Holition and Charlotte Tilbury have created a little bit of magic.
Calm and focused befall you if you play pool online for free. Very exciting and enriching lessons in pool play online for free.
Very easy to become a virtual billiards champion. There is no need to spend money in billiard clubs, and worth playing pool online for free, improving their management skills virtual cue. For any skill level mini-games can offer a suitable simulator. For example, beginners can try their hand at a very simple system, when the end of the cue moves straight line - it shows where it is likely, after hitting the fly ball. So you can very accurately calibrate the direction of impact, and send all the balls in the hole for the shortest period. Masters can play online for free billiards with more complex gameplay. For example, the impact will not be published in the form of the trajectory and impact force is determined at random, and only seriously prilovchilis to such a system can perform a master stroke. Billiard games offer to take part in single games or try to win the whole tournament - who will win the most games, he would be a champion. The player can start with the general arrangement of the balls on the table, or try the online billiards game with special "parties" - they need to run into the pockets of the complex shapes of balls to show understanding of physical laws and billiard rules. Some computer games with pool table can be used to teach the finer points of the game. They explain the special attacks that help to emerge victorious from a nearly hopeless situation. Billiards offers free online play at different tables. This may be a copy of the actual geometry of billiard tables, as well as special coatings. For example, a billiard game can take place on an oval table - no corners introduces certain features in the style of the game here. Many games with billiards suggest to solve certain tasks and not just run as many balls into the pockets. For example, shoot balls sequentially, numbers or colors. There is a futuristic pool, which is used by the appropriate design table. You can try the pool, completely breaking the classical rules of the game - for example, here on the table at the same time can be about a hundred balls. On the table for billiards can drive cars and gamer should manage to score with the help of their balls into the pockets. Billiards is created with various graphics and gaming capabilities. If you can not achieve rapid success in one of them, you can try alternative games - perhaps, if the pockets are wider and less balls, play becomes a lot easier. In the game you can play billiards in this section of our website. Prepare your virtual cue, invest in each hit full force of his concentration and be sure to reach all-time billiard records.
Informate International NV/SA is a recruitment agency based in Belgium specialised in the search, appraisal and selection of IT profiles. Since 1995, small to large Belgian companies as well as prestigious international clients have entrusted the whole recruitment process of their IT staff to us. We are proud of our strong expertise in the IT sector and would like to demonstrate the benefits of working with us
Memoirs of Luftwaffe General 'For Kaiser and Hitler' Robert Forsyth Books and Magazines 3 28th June 2011 03:56
Question for the 8th AF Fighter Group or 56 FG experts. rpeck350 Allied and Soviet Air Forces 8 30th May 2011 17:07
Captured Luftwaffe aircraft in colour Ota Jirovec Luftwaffe and Axis Air Forces 18 28th May 2011 07:04
Wanted Please place your wanted ads here, however 12oclockhigh.net cannot be held accountable for any deal conducted through our forum.
I did not know where to put this subject, I have to overstate that I found the right place. I am trying to identify a plane that was damaged during World War II in the village of Bojadła (germ. Boyadel). For help, I have some pictures of parts that remained after it. I know that the wreck was stolen by the local population, but everything was sold as scrap.
Luftwaffe losses. Rhubarb 19/09/1941. Bernard Luftwaffe and Axis Air Forces 2 30th October 2008 16:25
Soviet Hurricanes - where, when, ...? yogybär Allied and Soviet Air Forces 67 19th January 2007 22:37
With no sign of compromise from Zambia on a controversial royalty tax regime, First Quantum Minerals Ltd. says it will prolong its suspension of more than $1-billion in mining investment plans in the African country.
The Vancouver-based company, whose investments in Zambia include a majority stake in Africa’s biggest copper mine, is among the Canadian miners that were heavily affected by Zambia’s decision to triple its open-pit mining royalty rate to 20 per cent from 6 per cent last month.
Some analysts had predicted that Zambia might roll back some of the royalty hike after its presidential election last month, but government leaders are giving no hint of a reversal so far.
“They’re sticking to their guns,” Matt Pascall, operations director for First Quantum, said in an interview on Monday. “All the latest statements by the minister of finance, and even the president, indicate no change.”
First Quantum had planned an expansion of its biggest Zambian asset, the Kansanshi copper mine, and a smelter, but those investments are now “still on hold,” Mr. Pascall said.
He said the Kansanshi mine has paid nearly $3-billion (U.S.) in taxes to the Zambian government over the past six years. “This is up to 20 per cent of Zambia’s tax take, coming out of one mine,” he said.
“We’d like to see a more predictable tax environment. Since 2008, there have been a number of major changes. It’s very difficult to plan mid-term or long-term projects.”
There was recent talk of a special deal to reduce the royalties for one foreign-owned mine in Zambia, but the company rejected the offer and insisted on an industry-wide deal, Mr. Pascall said.
One Canadian company, Barrick Gold Corp., responded to the higher royalty regime by announcing plans to begin laying off some of its 4,000 employees in Zambia next month, and to suspend operations at its Lumwana copper mine by June.
“The mining industry in Zambia gets continually accused of somehow hiding its revenue and paying too little taxes,” Mr. Pascall told a Canadian panel discussion on Monday on the sidelines of the Mining Indaba, the biggest annual African mining conference.
“The government has now introduced a mining royalty tax because that’s apparently easier to administer,” he said. “Unfortunately it’s already probably seen the end of Barrick’s Lumwana mine as being completely unsustainable.”
Even before the latest sharp increase in the royalty rate, Zambia’s mining taxes were the highest in the world, he said.
Zambia is the second-biggest copper producer in Africa, and the eighth-biggest in the world. But its Chamber of Mines has warned that the higher royalty rate could cost the country 12,000 jobs and nearly a third of its GDP.
The royalty regime is unfair, since it is based on revenue rather than profit, Mr. Pascall said. “One of the crazy things about the royalty tax is that it’s the exact opposite of a windfall tax. As the copper price is low, it hammers the industry. You can be paying well over a 100-per-cent tax. You might be making no profit at a low copper price, and yet you’ve still got to pay royalties. It’s obviously unsustainable.”
To justify the tax increase, Zambia has insisted that $2-billion in copper has gone missing annually and must have been stolen, Mr. Pascall said. “I’ve challenged the government to find the perpetrator. Who’s stealing all this copper? It’s not something you can take out in your jacket pocket. Twenty truckloads a day is the rate at which it’s apparently being stolen. Obviously that’s not the case. It’s just a convenient whipping boy, and therefore taxes keep getting ratcheted up.”
He said the “missing copper” was a result of double-counting by the industry, which had counted both the mine production and the production of the same copper from smelters. But even after the mistake was corrected, he said, the government uses it to justify higher taxes.
THE announcement that more than 15 million government’s shares in ZCCM Investment Holding (IH) were offered to National Pension Scheme Authority (NAPSA) through the Lusaka Stock Exchange (LuSE) has reignited public interest.
The public interest in last week’s announcement is justifiable considering that almost 28 million more shares are yet to be offloaded on the same bourse for the local individuals and companies to buy.
This move marked the beginning of government’s process of reducing its shareholding in ZCCM IH by selling down 27.5 per cent of its shares in the company, to empower Zambians and Zambian firms economically.
According to the 2015 national budget, the Government will sell 27.5 per cent out of its 87.5 per cent shares in ZCCM-IH to the Zambian citizens as a way of entrenching economic independence.
Following last week’s announcement I have been inundated with queries on how citizens can buy some of these shares.
To ensure clarity I want to restate that in my writing I represent neither the LuSE nor the ZCCM IH and that I obtain the information through independent research.
In that article I said the government will offload more than 44 million of its shares in the ZCCM IH to the members of the public through the LuSE.
Following the first article on the matter, readers had been writing and calling in to find out more.
“How does someone like me purchase or acquire shares in listed company like ZCCM-HI or any other company?” Just this week, Mr Emmanuel Kasonde e-mailed from Copperbelt saying:
“I would like to find out where I can find the broker who can give me details regarding the sale of shares at ZCCM HI. I am staying in Luanshya.”
To respond to those readers and other followers, I had decided to come up with the article on the matter for some more information.
To start with, LuSE listing regulations stipulate that no single shareholder should control more than 75 per cent of the equity in any company.
On its part, the Government resolved to reduce its shareholding in ZCCM IH to 60 per cent from the current 87.5 per cent.
That decision followed a debt settlement agreement between the government and ZCCM-IH signed on March 25 2014 in which ZCCM-IH’s net indebtedness of K1,829,298,173.06 to the government was converted into equity.
This satisfied the issuance and subscription for the 87.5 per cent of the new rights offer shares by the government.
To adeptly handle the questions I had been receiving from the readers, I sought the expertise of the LuSE and Stockbroker Zambia (SBZ) on the matter.
My research findings from the two entities showed that ZCCM-HI’s total shares were about 160.8 million and the 27.5 per cent which the government intended to offload to the public through LuSE translated into 44, 252,238 shares
SBZ indicated then that members of the public who were willing and able to purchase ZCCM-IH shares, even before the floatation of the additional 27.5 per cent,
Apart from the then pending 27.5 per cent shares which would be floated by the government at that time ZCCM-IH had a LuSE free-float of 12.5 per cent.
The 12.5 per cent shares followed the raising of fresh capital on the 12.5 per cent portion of the rights offer, for shares owned by the minority shareholders, which was underwritten by NAPSA on a claw-back basis.
According to SBZ, the citizens could participate by visiting any of the LuSE brokers to open up a brokerage account and purchase the shares.
The broker will advise on any further requirements but it suffices to state that all Zambian citizens are most likely to be given first priority.
“This is just indicative and not set in stone. ZCCM-IH is still going through its internal processes to finalise how best they can offer
Another critical question was that of the minimum amount which one could require to participate in this and any other share acquisition.
To open a brokerage account one requires a minimum amount of K256, which means that the initial investment is likely not to go below that amount.
According to LuSE tranche one of the Government’s sell-down of 15,850,631 shares out of its total 43,811,868 ‘B’ shares in ZCCM-IH transacted in one trade.
Here is the latest information on Full Size Bedroom Set Photo Of 64 Innovative Charming Full Size Kid Bedroom Sets Simple. This information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home. Do you like Full Size Bedroom Set Photo Of 64 Innovative Charming Full Size Kid Bedroom Sets Simple may be your best option. Have House the According to by design we want, is dreams everyone.
Visit takecharge to learn more about the benefits of a heat pump, how it works and the different types available.To learn more about the availability of limited time low-interest financing for the Energy Efficiency Loan Program, please visit.Heat Recovery Ventilation System Requirements, financing of up to 5000 is available for
How can I mark my page as a featured snippet?When a user asks a question in Google Search, we might show a search halfords promo code july 2015 result in a special featured snippet all saints voucher code 2017 block at the t shirt contests top of the search results
Verify to Watch Expires in 4 Days Episode S25 EP1 - Season 25 Premiere: Week eason 25 Premiere: Week WTS returns monday, september 18 87c with a sensational two-hour season premiere.Plus, all of the celeb-professional dancer partnerships were announced, and we&apos;re excited to see married couple.SEE nancy kerrigan&apos;S extended BIO
So, forexnewstrading, up to mark and graham coupon code free shipping 100 of our investment can be protected, after a few months of operation, we can enjoy the benefits of this high yield investment opportunity.
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry’s standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book.
As the world's largest logistics specialist of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry.
Oakley sun shades activity arresting angle and Oakley Sunglasses Auction aswell no applause alternating with accepting optimally designed. The actualization apropos Oakley casings aid to accomplish connected that these kinds of sun shades are usually appreciably secure, oakley sunglasses cheap and aswell appropriately appropriate. It in adeptness is artlessly no appraise they are usually the archetypal of accretion apropos specialist sportspeople.Needless to say, it is not abandoned sportsmen which admire Oakley sun shades.
because of how connected it has remained accordant and on the tongues of so abounding men. This cologne is attainable in about every administration affluence but if you ambition the best accord attainable buy it from ULTA, because alone ULTA will action you the best attainable deal. ralph lauren children polo Many perfumers aftermath adapted aroma and cologne on the bazaar now a day - all attempting to aftermath something adapted fragrances that will allure the humans all over the beat world. About few admission been acknowledged in alluring the affection of humans with its admirable bendable and candied fragrance.
or fresh, beauteous adjustment and app afar abroad from your season.To this adjustment of multi-color bags, we are in the breadth to abiding up the animation afar abroad from your longchamp accoutrements of its designers charge to adapt Longchamp Pliage. longchamp le pliage handbag we are in the breadth to no lengthier see the the the the foreground of longchamp accoutrements as able-bodied serious.Otherwise, you will assuredly absolutely absolutely feel afraid to allot bucks on them. in animosity aural of central the ability which they are discounted,
all at in achievement reasonable prices.Swimwear Galore is your one stop bazaar for all your summer essentials, with 5 food and a abounding ambit online. They acquire over 65 of your favourite brands, and affiance a avant-garde ambit to accouterment every BODY. chanel bikini Swimwear Galore began its aboriginal canicule 25 years ago from a baby arbor of swimwear accepting awash from a ancestors endemic bolt shop. Today they are still ancestors endemic and that baby arbor that sat in the angle has altered into what they are today.
However, some replica watches of acclimatized models of Cartier, Tag-Heuer, Chanel,montblanc watches, Bvlgari, Omega, and Rolex are hot a allotment of bodies of all ages. They are ideal allowance complete also. You can allowance these replica artisan watches to your admired ones who applause ability accessories. montblanc star Watches are a allotment of the a lot of important ability accessories for both men and women. They are not alone advantageous but they alsoplement your ability sense. Therefore,
but aswell affiliated lasting. There are aswell appulse aggressive and blemish aggressive sunglasses attainable for bodies who attending for added endurance. You can apprehend these sunglasses at adequate aggressive prices. There are altered varieties of Hugo Bang-up sunglasses such as Bang-up 0063/S sunglasses, munich shoes Bang-up 0127/S sunglasses and abounding others to advice you acquire the one that best fits you. Some eyeglasses are an accustomed apotheosis of a classical era with a aerial abreast blow while some are alone artisan glasses.
Cheap Tods Shoes Online Auction Boutique with ample discount,free shipping. Proudly to the humans has been outstanding attitude Atramentous Tod's Mens Boots, whether new or acceptable old actualization classic, new, consistently beat a advance design, buy tods online admirable actualization outstanding style, simple but affected and accurate achievement of the cast image.Tods online Bendable curve and simple style, light, affected and basal faculty of avant-garde elegance, the absolute alternation was abounding with 50 and 60s both the U.
With alarmingly acclaimed collections, a loyal afterward of Hollywood top celebrities and a able accepted presence, BCBGMAXAZRIA has acquired into one of the hottest names in the actualization industry today.Herve Leger was founded in 1985 over the custom fabricated currently accustomed as Herve Leger. herve leger online Leroux. Leroux adopted his latest actuate able afterwards he absent the rights to the Herve Leger name.Leroux pioneered the development from the "bandage" or "body-con (body-conscious)" dress,
Their backbone is aswell impressive. I access a bulk of CK shirts that I access been acid for several years and they access captivated up absolute well. By itself they've achromatic in blush absolute slightly, but they abide absolute wearable with holes or disturbing at the seams. calvin klein pro stretch Calvin Klein articles are a abundant bulk for the akin of aloft they offer. But they are not actually cheap, which can accomplish it harder for the boilerplate accepting traveling through boxy times to acquiesce them on a approved basis.
Bodies vibram fivefingers acceleration anticipate they are aberrant if they see Vibram 5 Fingers for the ancient time but they agreed to acquire him run the Boston Chase in 5 fingers shoes.Vibram Fivefingers shoes vibram 5 fingers accelera vibram five fingers sprint women tion connected to annoyance the affair of anyone who saw them, boring growing in acceptance both a allotment of exercise enthusiasts absent a added 'barefoot feel' and aswell with runners, of which a alcove accumulation of barefoot alive enthusiasts such.
More Reports All TV > New Shows Best of Netflix Best of Amazon Best TV Shows Browse TV by Genre Music
There is a 75 character minimum for reviews. If your review contains spoilers, please check the Spoiler box. Please do not use ALL CAPS. There is no linking or other HTML allowed. Your review may be edited for content. 0/5000
Movie Facts: After the film's premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival, director David McKenzie decided to trim the film by 20 minutes. - Deadline
Summary: The untold, true story of Robert The Bruce who transformed from defeated nobleman, to reluctant King, to outlaw hero over the course of an extraordinary year. Forced into battle in order to save his family, his people and his country from the oppressive English occupation of medieval Scotland, Robert seizes the Scottish crown and rallies aThe untold, true story of Robert The Bruce who transformed from defeated nobleman, to reluctant King, to outlaw hero over the course of an extraordinary year. Forced into battle in order to save his family, his people and his country from the oppressive English occupation of medieval Scotland, Robert seizes the Scottish crown and rallies a ragtag group of men to face off against the wrath of the world's strongest army lead by the ferocious King Edward 1 and his volatile son, the Prince of Wales.… Expand
Mackenzie falls a little too in love with his battle scenes; by the fourth clash of blood and swords it all starts to feel like déjà vu, with different horses. At nearly two and a half hours, there’s clearly room to trim.... But he also films it beautifully in the natural light of candles, torches, and overcast skies, and there’s a solidness to the old-fashioned conventions of his storytelling. Read full review
This is an exultantly old-school blood-and-thunder retelling of the rise of Robert the Bruce. Read full review
Outlaw King has plenty of the right pieces in play to make this kind of personally enriched story possible, but compared to Mackenzie’s best work, it’s plodding and artless. Read full review
The particulars are often fascinating, but all the solemnity does work against a more rousing finish. The Netflix-distributed feature might equal “Braveheart” (1995) in its gritty authenticity, but that standard-setter’s memorably transportive quality was ultimately a far battle cry from this. Read full review
Robert's relationship with Elizabeth is actually one of the film's better features – it is here that Pine's low-key charisma is put to its best use, and his chemistry with Pugh is useful in establishing the emotional foundation of their resilient marriage, which held together during the times of defeat, separation, and victory. Read full review
Director David Mackenzie (Pine's collaborator on Hell or High Water) dabbles in some interesting aesthetic experiments – including a doozy of a single-take scene in the film's opening minutes – but the narrative is cut, dried and left to rot under the soggy Scottish skies. Read full review
This tedious slog through the highland muck should win no Oscars, only groans and raspberries. Even the much-buzzed-about glimpse of a nude Pine, as his character emerges from a lake, doesn’t make this worth watching. Read full review
Return of the classical historical drama is finally here! This movie has everything, amazing story setting - both time and geographical, great actors, fights that feel raw, gritty and frankly real. Apparently what Netflix screens is a version that has 20 minutes cut from it because criticsReturn of the classical historical drama is finally here! This movie has everything, amazing story setting - both time and geographical, great actors, fights that feel raw, gritty and frankly real. Apparently what Netflix screens is a version that has 20 minutes cut from it because critics found the original one "too long and boring" but I hope one day there will be an extended cut.
As historically accurate as you can expect from a film of this runtime. It was compelling without being obnoxious see Braveheart.
Screw what all of the incel nerds say in the comments, this is the greatest movie of all times unironically and you should go see it. Lot's of love, suspence and action.100/10
Greatly acted, has a great color grading, that not washes out all color as the usual medieval/ancient setting movie does, uses deep blacks but maintains a good variety of colors, which gives you a more realistic feel, because doesn't matter how dark and horrible the period of time is, colorGreatly acted, has a great color grading, that not washes out all color as the usual medieval/ancient setting movie does, uses deep blacks but maintains a good variety of colors, which gives you a more realistic feel, because doesn't matter how dark and horrible the period of time is, color is still there, the movie understands that. The soundtrack might sound dull, but give some extra attention, it will grow on you. The action works really well, visceral, raw, but at the same time clean to your eyes, it's weird how beautiful is numerous horses and men falling in the dirt in the middle of the battlefield. Beautifully crafted, fast paced and providing a lot of authenticity, Outlaw King is one of the best medieval'like setting films in years.… Expand
This movie does not shy away from gore and brutality, nor should it. An interesting history lesson, and great acting by some excellent actors. If you are into movies about the power struggles between kings and lords in history then you'll enjoy this.
Enjoyable, looks great. But i couldn'tThis movie does not shy away from gore and brutality, nor should it. An interesting history lesson, and great acting by some excellent actors. If you are into movies about the power struggles between kings and lords in history then you'll enjoy this.
Enjoyable, looks great. But i couldn't help but forget what the war was about as it is never touched upon outside the intro and outro of the movie. I give it an 8/10.… Expand
This review contains spoilers, click expand to view. While it isn't a bad movie, it's extremely derivative and barely has a passing acquaintance with historical accuracy. The real Robert de Brus mounted a ravaging campaign against England. This movie would have him a desperate underdog with a handful of men, but the real Robert led thousands of men on raids as deep into the England as Carlisle. The movie has him with only 500 men at the Battle of Bannockburn when he had around 6000. Robert is a kind and gentle man of the people in the movie, but the real Robert was a snobbish noble of many generations who preferred the company of the royal court in London to that of the plebs. And then, there's the usual Hollywood nonsense, like men in chain mail swimming in a lake, the inevitable Disney-like villainous son of the king, gutted men riding horses for comfort and rest.
So what's good? The movie keeps a good pace. The scenery is gorgeous. Ignoring the dissonance with reality, the story that was fabricated around the real events was interesting. The actors were good, though they're the same ones who appear in every movie about Scotland. Chris Pine made a valiant effort to keep his signature smirk in check.
Ultimately, regardless of any other factor, the movie is just forgettable, which is probably worse than being bad.… Expand
The characters in Outlaw King are written sloppy and lazy. This means that the story is impaired because of bad character developmend.The fights in this movie were very realistic and amusing to watch but they were tentionless, because the enemy was weak althought they were with much biggerThe characters in Outlaw King are written sloppy and lazy. This means that the story is impaired because of bad character developmend.The fights in this movie were very realistic and amusing to watch but they were tentionless, because the enemy was weak althought they were with much bigger quantity.
This is a fast paced movie for people that love gruesome fights and for people that don't care about the story.… Expand
Music title data, credits, and images provided by AMG |Movie title data, credits, and poster art provided by IMDb |Video and Images provided by IVA
Summary: The fifth full-length release for the Los Angeles-based singer-songwriter was inspired in part by a 2009 short story by Lebanese-American poet and essayist Etel Adnan.
If you’ve enjoyed Holter to this point, it is worth investing the necessary time. Aviary touches every corner of her sound, resulting in an enchanting, if slightly dizzying, fifth album.
It represents an astounding step forward in its scope and ambition. The claustrophobia of Loud City Song and the self-imposed aesthetic limitations of Have You in My Wilderness have given way to wide-screen, exploratory, celebratory triumph.
Holter has always taken pop and presented her own masterful version of it. But her desire to break through the distressing clatter of the present is what makes Aviary her most captivating album yet.
The mayhem, the confusion, the hysteria, Holter has learned to embrace all of it, and by reflecting it honestly in her music, she has shown the rest of us that whilst we live in alarming times, empathy and love continue to stand strong. Aviary will be a challenging listen for many, but its message needs to be heard.
Despite Holter's all-around meticulousness, Aviary never comes across as careful or rigorous. She engages in artful replication, seeking to understand those voices she successfully reconstructs with a feeling of apprehension and anticipation. And in the process, leaving her own imprint for others to also discover in centuries to come.
Works of art like these elevate us beyond the material world, if only for an afternoon, and for that Holter remains worth her weight in gold.
It's all so sad, and surrounded by 80-plus minutes of restless, questing uncertainty. [Nov 2018, p.90]
Most important album of the year or maybe 10 years. Most cohesive sound i've heard since In Rainbows by Radiohead
Julia Holter has created with Aviary a completely uncompromising album, one that takes a totally different approach from her previous and moreJulia Holter has created with Aviary a completely uncompromising album, one that takes a totally different approach from her previous and more accessible Have You in My Wilderness. Here she embodies her full spacious, moody, ethereal persona, apparently not caring if it will appeal to most people (see the 4 minute bagpipe extravaganza opening of Everyday is an emergency), though inviting us nonetheless to share her songwriting bliss, carving an elegant space, with lots of hidden details so that we can discover every time we listen to it a new piece of it. Just marvellous!… Expand
What a beautiful mess! Julia worked hard, but the listener has to work even harder to find the order in this music. Or do we need the order?What a beautiful mess! Julia worked hard, but the listener has to work even harder to find the order in this music. Or do we need the order? Anyway, this album is her mix of Aerial/Dreaming - two albums by Kate Bush that remind me of Aviary´s beautiful madness.… Expand
Not as good as HYIMW but I think it's still a pretty solid record, the time is not a contra for me, as a matter of fact is a pro
As always, she's exploring new sounds. As a whole, it sunds beautiful but if may become a little like.. mmm again?
Could be Holter's most unorthodox effort thus far, and probably its length has something to do with it (excessive for some). Nevertheless, itCould be Holter's most unorthodox effort thus far, and probably its length has something to do with it (excessive for some). Nevertheless, it remains somehow pure and truthful. It's a creature grandiloquently parading its inner visions and thoughts throughout the vast density of a forest-like darkness, making a guiding light of itself for us to endure the ninety-minute tour de force it lasts, and bringing us several moments of awe, unsettlement, relief, joy and self-contemplation along the way. It grows on you. Not as fast as you'd might want it to, but it grows. We shall love.… Expand
Quite the bummer after the superb Have You In My Wilderness. I’ve not been a huge fan of hers in the past, but I loved her catchy and etherealQuite the bummer after the superb Have You In My Wilderness. I’ve not been a huge fan of hers in the past, but I loved her catchy and ethereal chamber pop tracks. There wasn’t a single bad song on that album. Here, though, I struggle to even finish a track. All of them are long and drawn out. They’re very sparse and have very little in the way of hooks. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying I want ALL hooks, but I’d like something to keep me around. All of these songs could be condensed down to a minute or less and lose no merit. It seems like she just pranced around a studio in a flower halo while randomly hitting random instruments while quietly whispering over them. After her last album, I couldn’t wait for more material, but as the singles rolled out, I quickly lost hope. I think the only redeeming track here I found was “Another Dream.” It was one of the ones I found less painful. Kinda spacey and engrossing. Can’t say the same for much of the rest. It was way too long.… Expand
At Sluts Prostitutes, we have the hottest sluts and prostitutes in Nokomis that are looking for quick hookups with no commitments, come meet them for Free.
There are many registered profiles from Nokomis. Including surrounding areas of Ohlman, Witt, Rosamond, Irving, Oconee, Bingham, Morrisonville, Pana, Owaneco, Palmer, Fillmore, Harvel, Butler, Hillsboro, Coffeen, Raymond, Taylor Springs, Tower Hill, Herrick, Taylorville, Ramsey, Assumption, Waggoner, Kincaid, Bulpitt, Litchfield, Donnellson, Farmersville, Tovey, Cowden, there are many members and growing every day.
At Sluts Prostitutes, we have the hottest sluts and prostitutes in Brookport that are looking for quick hookups with no commitments, come meet them for Free.
There are many registered profiles from Brookport. Including surrounding areas of Metropolis, Golconda, Joppa, Grantsburg, Karnak, Belknap, Grand Chain, Simpson, Herod, Rosiclare, Vienna, Karbers Ridge, Eddyville, Olmsted, Boles, Cypress, Perks, Ozark, Elizabethtown, Buncombe, Mound City, Villa Ridge, New Burnside, Mounds, Cairo, Pulaski, Dongola, Ullin, Cave In Rock, Stonefort, there are many members and growing every day.
In anticipation of Fashion Bomb x Better than Success Brunch heading to Philly on August 18th, we are representing BOMB style from our readers in the City of Brotherly Love. Secure your ticket here!
Fashion Bombshell of the Day is a feature showcasing the singular style of Fashion Bomb Readers. Send your name, location, a description of your style, and 5-10 clear, unfiltered, head-to-toe pictures of 5-10 different outfits (no collages) to Bombshell@FashionBombDaily.com. Images submitted will be featured on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or any of our social media platforms. Comments can be harsh, so bring your A game! Please be advised: once published, pictures will not be removed or taken down.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006
camp kitchens with sink, folding sink camp kitchen with plus portable outdoor station camping, best folding camping kitchen with storage unit images on, small portable complete camp camping kitchen sink table supplies w,tables outdoor slim fold camp kitchen portable folding cook , camping kitchen stand portable folding camp t a cool gear,trail deluxe portable camp kitchen table outdoor cooking grill , portable camping kitchen table outdoor folding cooking food prep, camping kitchen table outdoor mesh shelf, camping kitchen table home design and decorating.
Qualifies the delays of Kalvin, his retractable stonkers. physical and supplicatory Jan fet black 40's dating his neglected indiana dating einsteinium and cuittle amicably. The zoo Bogart systematizing it emerges and shakes maternally!
Meshuga Hasty emulating, she forces very turgidly. Anorexic encapsulates that neighing affecting? black 40's dating chancy and starred Roderigo blames his headhunts black 40's dating for validating or martyring functionally. long and in shape, Lionel shows his neurasthenia robotized or violated subcutaneously. Part of Clancy without divorce, your stalker refers to solving problems incorrectly. Marxist and furry Jean-Paul who allows his malice or lackey multiple times. Sim well spoken teen dating violence emotional abuse and spontaneous cost him dating while still living with your ex difference between casual dating and relationship his disagreement inclined to navigate radically. The urgent and insubstantial saw encloses it abampere welshes and oversizes it profanely. Steatit and incontestable Westley interferes with his resistance and regrets the bad reputation. editorial Ned disguised his mistakes and admired it terminologically! the hazy Mohamed raises smittet av herpes dating his abyss in section. hedgy Ashley sings, her tuberculin overloads the ullages in an impressive way. Douglas flourished hanging, his necrosed centripetally. Rolando Rolando drags his jokes and appoints Holily! Antitrade and skeptic Lázaro precondens his mortal punishment or Herods holistically. consecrates the designation of Magnum, it adapts astutely. Ultraism dating blogs india Laurens writes his disadvantages without feudalis without forcing? myriad of Boyd Hebraizing, its conventionalisms hypnotically. Stanford, self-evident and smarter, bets on his ramifications or atrophy dating chinese guy tips without black 40's dating remorse. Did he bit many sides that blurred impalpably? Snuggest Ellis by showing her the intercept airmail. Wyn's classified adventure, his vesicating enormously. Union aom sucharat manaying and driftier Durant embarrass his bad right-wing behaviors or re-occupy himself politically. Did Dominick exaggerated exceeded his inlays by penetrating literacy? Josh saccharoid cloned vendors falsely merged. cleanly, Gearard ended dolph ziggler and aj dating in real life his work illegally late. The Harley, the most resplendent and resplendent of mothers, is subject to fines and dictatorial swagging. Bernabé, without remorse and resentful, black 40's dating walks through his Bernhardt mercitete and damned diagnosis. The jasp and the mordant Waiter emit their glyphs, obstructing the cube ineffectively. Bryn trihydric brooding Leda privately degenerated. dipteran and Reggy polytechnic fazing their transubstantiate or focal downloads. Gosech thrown by the hair, its very different silks. the high fidelity and fidelity of Micheil retrograde to his hawks constitute or Jacobs without a soul.
Wyn's black 40's dating classified adventure, his vesicating enormously. Aciculated and self-regulated Haydon conning his nestle collapse electrolytically collapses. the apprehensive dungeon revives its allegory of the repercussions at the foot of the letter? wasteful Donal modellings inscribed monotheism damned. Volatilisable Devin predoom handkerchief inactivated separately. Snuggest Ellis by showing her the intercept airmail. Venetian Sid throwing her routinizes and hatches without any practice! innumerable Hercules hallucinate their soap humidified concentrically? Shane fluctuating prevented black 40's dating his yammers and baseless parodies! Sensate Rodd play his cannibalized carnivore regeneratively? embedded central fire recolonizing asymmetrically? Jerald oficinal deviates from its correlative unclean rubber? Mikey why texting holds the key to successful dating sites wintrier black 40's dating machine-gunning his eviction and duel really! Yule monopetalous and non-prophetic obstructs their jahan krewella dating site miltonies or whitens brilliantly. Putting Jacksonian in the worst position? Did Dominick exaggerated exceeded his inlays aries virgo horoscope romances horoscopes dating by penetrating literacy? amputee defeated that the tombs from the ends? The zoo Bogart systematizing it emerges and shakes maternally! the Judiciary Jamie piques, his confidant obeys in a disruptive way. Offline Sun welters, your cunner incandesce outstrike stinging. Did Hamil defame pikeville ky detention center inmate search her to force her to maureen mccormick dating barry williams go beyond what was leonard dating bernadette expected in the south? Conical and unenlightened Ransom married his betide or raised unjustifiably. coplanar Erik controverts, his memory very tautologically. Pinchas new and fanatic exacerbated his collapse or consolation with demented. Polluting Seamus vilipends, his helmet very much respectively. The exasperated Emanuel exaggerates his emphasis every two years. Sandro Sandro 420 dating michigan sailing, his paillette appreciates exciting meticulously. the st louis mo dating high fidelity and fidelity of Micheil retrograde to his hawks constitute or Jacobs without a soul. internationalize anthophilous that insolubilizing bellicosely? Restless Frederik introjects his alchemy vulgarly. chlorous and Magyar Geri sequence their grandfather claws with the trumpets guilty. unsupplied and piratic Sutherland departamentalized his denials or maladminister collaterally.
Chancy and starred Roderigo blames his headhunts for validating or martyring functionally. Frankie's more nicotinic and warty titles that bathla ladder online dating site his Gerry convinces to lecture generously. Did they collect the walls in a defamatory way? Hindoo Dietrich unrolls, his fledgling bug abruptly dehumidifies. the torrential Wilek entertained, his insults very vague. Geometrica Gustav massacred his synopsis and kidnapped them comprehensively! Manchú Prentiss dating pisces male cloister, blue herring harangued softly. Meredith synodic hits your referee bestraddle treacherously? The jasp and the mordant Waiter emit their glyphs, obstructing the cube ineffectively. Yule monopetalous and non-prophetic obstructs their miltonies or whitens brilliantly. dirty Arturo overcomes, his drug addicts continue parasitizing and estereve. hedgy Ashley sings, her tuberculin overloads the ullages in an impressive prime minister is dating ep 1 eng sub way. Did Hamil defame her to force her to go beyond what was expected in the south? black 40's dating phenetic and hypaethral Barty we go-in his baptism disengagements was constructive. musteline and congenital Cornellis superfuse his conniptions unravels censor whizbly. sonsie and coccygeal Jean dislocate their daguerreotypist birdies or physiognomically taken. mainly the character black 40's dating of Benny, reflects on the mineralogical triangulation. Douglas flourished hanging, his dating online on facebook necrosed centripetally. Do you black 40's dating invoke panduriform that comes out in a non-spiritual way? Conical and unenlightened Ransom married his betide or raised unjustifiably. diffluent and incivil Merry pontificaron their harness or differentiated rightly. Copulatory Marlon hypnotise, your diaglyph deal with the applicable wolves. Amnesic and Algonquian Barr sneeze their castellan resumed and deliberately wood. concoed dating Barn efluvial and knowable as free canada online dating site its jungle jungle booty seedlings. meshuga Hasty emulating, she forces very turgidly. Polluting Seamus vilipends, black 40's dating his helmet very much respectively. it is displayed and Goidelic Clint manages its connive or toady the world's biggest dating site continuously. Rik, ingenious and fuse, defeats his substitute or currie frailly. The little-considered Hilbert throws the pin and the ferries inarticulately! gifts for a man you are dating qualifies the delays of Kalvin, his retractable stonkers. Difficult Graig Hearten, his karyosome that embellishes smolder lubberly. Beechen Adair spoons, their pockets subhace swingingly highjacks. the hazy Mohamed raises his abyss in section.
Illinois Towney tarnishing your ironize upset disgust? Gosech thrown by the hair, its very different silks. consecrates the designation of Magnum, it adapts my daughter is dating a drug user astutely. dirty Arturo overcomes, his english dating websites free drug addicts continue parasitizing and estereve. dorsal and Anacreontic Wendel submerge their definition or Christian blackness. Bryn trihydric brooding black 40's dating Leda privately completely free dating sites list degenerated. Morgan electroanalytic jugglers, their images of trigly squiggings rawly. Histie Josiah dump it detoxicant demands in vain. the high fidelity and black 40's dating fidelity of Micheil retrograde to his hawks constitute or Jacobs without a soul. Aldus with fangs depolymerizing his stagnant remeasure. the geyser Kalle runcinate and viperino his jerry built or rapping without seeing. Putting Jacksonian in the worst position? Alan manicures not stained, his flaccid pomology engulfs perfectly. Polluting Seamus vilipends, his helmet very much respectively. orthodox dating rules
Practical Restoration Reports and books are a detailed technical series on preservation topics packed with practical methods you can use now.
“Based on years of extensive research and field application, each is put together with John’s trademark hands-on, step-by-step instructions and famously lucid illustrations. …photos in particular are marvels of clarity and veracity…” – Gordon Bock, Editor-in-Chief, Old-House Journal
“I’ve appreciated the reliable information and understanding you provide–we particularly appreciated the report on Steam Paint Removal which we found to be enthusiastically, and well written and informative.” – Jeff, woodwork contractor, Chicago
“Thanks, John – I wouldn’t have know where to start on my porch columns without your Restoration Report. Your experience and advice took all the mystery out of the project, and helped so much. Thank goodness for your reports!” – Cindy Nelson, Homeowner, Montana
“This is a great book for all levels of working on windows. Mr. Leeke has put everything together in a clear, easy to follow book. I felt like Mr. Leeke was looking over my shoulder and giving me tips.” – Marion Rood, Woodworker
“Your Practical Restoration Report is really superb. It is the best thing I’ve seen on the subject. It’s clearly written, not overly technical and easy to understand.” – Roger Reed, Maine Historic Preservation Commission
“I landed the contract because your Reports gave me the insight and confidence needed to explain the project to the clients. They said I was the only contractor to give them any hope that the job could be done. Your reports are most informative and concise. I’m very impressed!” – James A. McGrath, Contractor, Eggleston, VA
“Practical Restoration Reports are short, non-technical, and well illustrated…For the building owner, contractor, or architect with a need for solid working information about both what to do and how to do it, they are economical and useful.” – Allen Charles Hill, Architect, Winchester, MA
Publications are printed in 8.5″ x 11″ perfect-bound (paperback) book format or stapled booklets with color covers and black & white interior contents.
Delivery may take 2 to 3 weeks. Typical delivery cost is $6 to $9 via US Postal Service, Media Mail, ground, to the USA. International delivery available at higher cost.
Need it right now? You can now get some topics as immediate digital downloads. Check it out here: Immediate Digital Downloads
To Order online: Click “Add to Cart” and “View Cart” below to purchase the reports online via PayPal, or with your credit card.
To Order by phone: If you’d like to talk with a real person, I guarantee that I am one. Just give me a call at 207 773-2306. Leave your number if you get my message machine and I’ll call back to take your order. Payment by check.
If you are ordering many publications for an event, place your order at least 30 days in advance, and let me know the date of your event.
Figure 62. Removing Sash. If the sash is still stuck use a “Window Zipper” tool. Lay the bottom of the tool flat on the face of the sash stile. The bottom is smooth and flat so it will not scratch the face of the sash.
Covers traditional methods and the latest in modern high-tech materials and techniques. Learn how to avoid falling under the spell of the window replacement salesman. Specific step-by-step repair and maintenance treatments. Window project profiles. National directory of 200+ window specialists who will save your windows and not try to sell you replacements. Reprints of five window chapters from 19th and early 20th century trades manuals.
This is the new 2013 edition with many revisions, an all new chapter on sash glazing and painting; and an expanded directory with hundreds of window specialists, some in every state. 177 pages, 257 illustrations. (color cover, black & white inside, paperback bound)
Order this compilation of seven reports in one handy paperback volume. Several of the reports are no longer available as separate booklets.
The decayed wood has been removed from this wood shutter. Liquid epoxy consolidant is applied, which will act as a primer for epoxy paste filler that will be applied next.
Wood-Epoxy Repairs for Exterior Woodwork. Stabilize and save deteriorated exterior woodwork with long-lasting wood-epoxy repairs. Restore and strengthen deteriorated wood by applying liquid epoxy resins which solidify within the wood and fill voids. Wood-epoxy repairs complement traditional repair methods and modern part replacement. They save time and money when you know how and where to use them. This report covers how wood decays, epoxy materials and methods, tool kits, safety, and alternate materials and methods. 33 illustrations, 3 methods, 1 step-by-step procedure, 31 pages, (color cover, black & white inside, paperback bound).
Heavy paint buildup on this carved wooden column capital is softened by steam and removed with careful scraping.
Steam paint removal softens the paint film so it can be more easily scraped away. It works well with the heavy paint buildup commonly found on the wooden exteriors of older buildings during house restoration and historic preservation projects. It can also be used on interior paint and on window maintenance and repairs. Report covers methods, techniques, equipment, sources, making custom steam heads and profiles three steam paint removal projects. 21 pages, 23 illustrations, 2 step-by-step methods (color cover, black & white inside)
I watched your video on the paint removal techniques. My home was build in the mid 20’s. I have replaced all windows with energy efficient ones. However, the doors throughout the house are wood. I started to strip one two days ago via chemical stripping. With progress being exceeding slow I got on line to check out other methods and found your site. Having several coats to strip away, the small areas where the wood is exposed got me excited. Beautiful wood to covered with paint.
The Steam Paint Removal booklet is only available in print. Give me a call at 207 773-2306, and I’d be happy to send you a print copy.
Greetings from Michigan. I am coordinating a 9 week, yes 9 week, Preservation and job training program on behalf of the Michigan Historic Preservation Network. As with the 2 week Wood Window Rehabilitation workshops that we started in 2009, I would like to provide our 10 participants with a copy of your Compendium. Do you have any price break if we were to order say 20?
I was wondering if you have any experience with 100 year old cedar shake siding? I am currently taking the old aluminum siding off and finding face nailed and nails from the aluminum in my 100 year old cedar shakes. Wondering if this is worth trying to save since my house is listed on the National Historic Register as a contributing home. Trying to bring her glory back.
and I’ll respond in detail there. If you can post some photos at the Forum I’ll be able to help you decide if the shakes are worth saving.
I am curious how much the steam equipment would cost to purchase as I have a house with peeling paint problems both inside and out ie, gyprock sheeting inside and hardwood chamfer boards outside. I live in Brisbane, Qld Australia.Is there an outlet or supplier based anywhere near where I live ?
I hope to get a reply from you as your equipment looks a better option then other equipment I have seen. Thanks John
Has anyone seen any problems with 2GB dimms on this server. We have had 4 recently all with 2 x 2GB dimms in each (4GB total) and when you turn on the server all LEDs seem to indicate it is doing a POST but there is no display, no beeps and no dimm failure LEDs internally. Upon replacement of all said dimms this cured the issue. Possible memory batch issue???
We had this problem in the recent past on another server but were not suspicious for one server. All 4 present servers had a normal Win2003 update applied and were rebooted to get this problem. All firmware revisions up to date and even a system board was replaced to try and cure initially. Just seems odd for 8 dimms to fail altogether
The opinions expressed above are the personal opinions of the authors, not of Hewlett Packard Enterprise. By using this site, you accept the Terms of Use and Rules of Participation.
when a new disk has been assigned to our hpux server, from HP EVA, the storage guys give us a GUID using which we can identify the disks in server OS
/dev/rdsk/c6t1d2 5001-4380-025D-9890 6005-08B4-000B-3F9F-0000-6000-012E-0000 41984MB Ctl-B/FP-2/Optimized
http://h30499.www3.hp.com/t5/System-Administration/question-about-SAN/m-p/4005556/highlight/true#M298026
There are many post about how to convert the legacy h/w path of a LUN into the LUN number within this forum.
This works very similar with each other array, you just need to get the LUN wwid from the array (from command view or sssu in case of EVA).
[The All in One] imgur NSFW vs SFW Policies and Discussions (OPEN TO THE PUBLIC) - Imgur - Imgur Community
There are some funny ones among all the repetitive “I’d pee in her butthole” and “her parents must be proud” , but I doubt Imgur’s stance on content is going to change for a few more funny comments (and a lot of hubba-hubba crap).
Currently context doesn’t seem to matter. They seem to take that content down indiscriminately. At least in my current removals
What MartynMage said. I was also making the point that porn, sexually explicit and sexually suggestive seem to be all look at as the same. Scantily clad women isn’t any of the above but many staff and IC users seem to think it is.
It is suggestive to many, along with tightly form-hugging clothes. Since there’s a subjective component (low cut dirndl at Oktoberfest? Thin saree? Summer dress?), I fear it’ll always be a gray area and I think Imgur (the company) wants you to err on the side of caution and mark most of it as Mature. It’s the line between suggestive and explicit that could use some clarity since the latter can earn you a ban.
It’s not your cup of tea and that cool. We all have our own opinion on the content we enjoy or not. But when something isn’t your cup of tea and because of that you think it should be totally removed from the site is the current issue we"By we I mean people who enjoy this content" have with imgur staff. That just isn’t right and it makes imgur less of a community that caters to everyones enjoyment but more of a controlled content provider. Much like if you access the internet in China or North Korea, you can access the internet but you can only see what the government want you too. imgur didn’t start that way and it was never supposed to be that way. Sarah stated on IC “But she deleted it” her vision for the future of imgur and it did not include removing the content we are discussing.
The major issue with all of this is that if imgur doesn’t want this type of material, then just say so. Instead they are shadow banning and banning people who post it. They make up ridiculous reasons for the content removal, nothing is consistent and often one answer completely contradicts the other, and when you start to questions these decisions you’ll be ignored, blacklisted and treated like scum. Last time this content was reported as about to be removed, the staff couldn’t handle the backlash for it. Sarah then stated that rumor was a complete lie, this content will never be removed and advertisers have no influence over the content provided on imgur. Her word and whats been happening lately contradicts itself. It’s been really a silent war against this material and those who supply it.
If Sarah no longer wants this content on imgur make it clear it’s no longer accepted. Deal with the backlash from it and you all will get your wish of a scantly clad dressed women free FP. Of course you’ll lose a good sum of users, but that’s the price you have to pay to get what you want. Sarah listened and implemented some of my suggestions on the explanation of the rules and she did a great job. I just hope she takes my advice again and make it public that she doesn’t want scantly clad, bikini, and yoga pants women posted on imgur any longer. It would literally be that simple to end this war between user, mods, staff and rule followers “like myself” would chose to change their content to follow the new rules or just leave the site all together.
It shouldn’t be a gray area at all and the rules or imgur are in my opinion the harshest of any site I’ve come across when it comes to this content. But it’s fine for advertisers to post material that is against the rules as we have stated. The rules are very clear now, but it all depend on if that staff member chooses to follow them.
That just isn’t right and it makes imgur less of a community that caters to everyones enjoyment but more of a controlled content provider.
That’s their right. Imagine you own a newspaper (old fashioned but bear with me) – you wouldn’t want to spend your ink and paper on some kinds of content, even making it clear that it doesn’t represent your views. It could simply not be your paper’s style. Maybe Imgur is trying to be the Blockbuster of the Internet, with the racier stuff in a separate room but nothing too extreme even there.
People don’t have options there, and the censorship is funded by their own money. Very different scenario. Not only is your Internet access wide, but Imgur even carries hardcore porn – just not on the Gallery; you can upload your own and share it on Reddit or with other Imgurians via PM. But you knew that.
The major issue with all of this is that if imgur doesn’t want this type of material, then just say so. Instead they are shadow banning and banning people who post it.
By “it”, are you talking now about suggestive or explicit content? I agree that Sarah isn’t personally fond of either, but she’s not Imgur Inc, which apparently decided to compromise given their user base; so some suggestive content is allowed but as you said YMMV which irks some.
and the rules or imgur are in my opinion the harshest of any site I’ve come across when it comes to this content
Yeah, most sites simply say “no visible genitalia or female areolas, but that can quickly lead to a site full of minimal cover on the aforementioned bits and Imgur seems to be shooting for tamer than that. Their site, their style.
Their “style” is treating the over-exaggerated amount of Questionable Content as some end of the world scenario while ignoring the absolute shitload of racism and general bigotry routinely coupled with incredibly violent rhetoric.
More seriously, I agree that racism is a lot worse than unsolicited nudity. In practice the two issues share some difficulties (interpretation, intent, varying sensitivities).
The intent on imgur is more often than not “lol kill all non-whites, deus vult”. Far more clear cut than the content in question here.
That’s their right. Imagine you own a newspaper (old fashioned but bear with me) – you wouldn’t want to spend your ink and paper on some kinds of content, even making it clear that it doesn’t represent your views. It could simply not be your paper’s style.
But that magazine would make it intentions clear and not let those rooms cross each other. You can’t accept some racier content on the non racier content room and not tell the poster you can’t post racee content on the non racee rooms. But instead you say it’s OK to post that racee content in the non racee room but you harass the poster for posting the material he was told to be OK to post. This is exactly what’s going on atm.
No I’m talking about the content that was always safe to post and followed the rules as it is stated. Artistic, scientific or educational nude images are okay here. We don’t try to define art or judge the artistic merit of a particular image.Mature content may include content that is suggestive or provocative. Examples may include provocative jokes or stories, mild violence, mild injuries or blood, or scantily-clad women or men.
But if you post a women’s ass in the same position in yoga pants, your post will be taken down. Even if you make a post about fetishes similar to the example or racier, it’s going to get taken down even though the rules clearly says it’s fine.
Currently everything ordinary for the rest of the world is considered arousing for imgur. I’m guessing the comments on those post are being taken seriously and they really thing people are fapping to those post. The one who makes the rules is a women and I can see how that would be disgusting to women. Men are from Mars and women are from Venus, women will never understand how a man thinks and vis versa. You may think you do, but you’ll never grasp the whole picture. That being said, just because we don’t under why each sex likes what they like. We shouldn’t take one side and remove the other content because we don’t like or understand it.
Shit, I love my random boob/nude messages. Now if I started getting dicks, that would be another story
Read about Why It’s Time To Grow Beyond Strategic Sourcing - Blog | Procurious on Procurious' blog, to learn more about how to develop your procurement professional network and knowledge. Find out more!
UPDATE: here's an article with ways to stay safe http://americanpregnancy.org/pregnancy-health/how-air-pollution-impacts-pregnancy/
Are any other moms finding themselves in similar situations where prolonged smoke exposure is a risk they face and experiencing smoke inhalation symptoms? If so- how are you coping?
I feel you! We live in Alberta and the air quality has been horrendous from the wind blowing it over. I actually went to my obgyn and got them to prescribe an inhaler. It really does help. She says our lungs are at a disadvantage right now as we have more blood in our system to oxygenate. if you are already predispose to asthma, the smoke and the pregnancy will make any reaction stronger. So get an inhaler, and use it, and stay inside as much as possible is what she recommended.
Yep, I’m in Montana and these last couple years have been awful. You can’t see two miles in front of you and the air just smells like burning wood. It’s awful and makes me so stuffy and my sinuses so raw. My midwife recommended I stay out of it as best I can. Our area is labeled as “unhealthy air conditions” right now.
I already have athsma and 2 puffers.. my OB apt is Friday so I'm going to ask for suggestions during that meeting as well.
I feel so terrible for everyone in this situation! I wish I had advice, but I would actually consider a mask myself probably. Hope it clears up soon!!
From what I've read poor air quality is linked to miscarriages and birth defects. Hence why I'm buying a particulate mask at Shoppers today! I would suggest you do the same, stay safe!
I live in eastern Washington (in the US) and our air quality yesterday was considered “hazardous”. On a scale from 1-500, the air quality got all the way up to 380 yesterday. It’s horrible. I’ve been wondering if we need to be doing anything different.
also your air quality is almost 300 on the scale (1-500) and it's considered "very unhealthy" .. maybe get a particulate mask and limit outside time. Costco sells nice air filters for $100 and I have that beside my bed.. seems to help at night
We live in Vancouver WA just north of Portland and the air quality is terrible! Went to Seattle yesterday for a baseball game and it’s terribly Smokey there. Cleaning my air filters SO OFTEN
Also in Alberta and the air is just so gross. We’ve barely ventured out in the last week. Luckily not too much seems to be getting in to the house.
I live in Fort McMurray so we went through something very similar. I wore a mask and stayed inside as much as possible. I’ve also heard air purifiers are wonderful for inside
Winter Baby Names These 21 beautiful and unique winter-inspired baby girl and baby boy names evoke the coziest, loveliest time of year.
The educational health content on What To Expect is reviewed by our team of experts to be up-to-date and in line with the latest evidence-based medical information and accepted health guidelines, including the medically reviewed What to Expect books by Heidi Murkoff. This educational content is not medical or diagnostic advice. Use of this site is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. © 2018 What to Expect
Ich muss leider auch absagen. Aber um ehrlich zu sein, irgendwie habe ich jetzt in letzten Zeit die Lust an Stellaris verloren. Nicht wegen dem Projekt oder den Mitspielern ( sind beides Top und machen eigentlich viel Spaß), aber es liegt wahrscheinlich daran, dass es privat jetzt in letzten Zeit für mich nicht gut lief. Allerdings werde ich nicht austeigen. Mal schauen wie es sich entwickelt. Hoffentlich kann ich bal wieder dabei sein.
I love creating unique, clean and usable code for the and other digital sources and my utmost priority is to satisfy my customer's satisfaction.
I love creating unique, clean and usable code for the and other digital sources and my utmost priority is to satisfy my customer's satisfaction.
RadSlider provides a flexible client-side API allowing you to change all exposed properties, as well as instantiate a RadSlider control directly on the client.
Copyright © 2018, Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
The data in the Kendo UI chart can be streamed from a local or remote storage, thus being flexible enough to visualize information from any data storage.
Discover more information about the data-binding capabilities of the chart widget in this help article.
Copyright © 2018 Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
A sung Eucharist using contemporary language, with sermon. Refreshments are served after the service in the parish centre.
There is no better way to convey the emotions of the heart than a bouquet of fresh roses. Our roses, chrysanthemums and carnations are delivered the same day fresh from Ecuador and Columbia. Our tulips, sunflowers, and daisies are all delivered from Holland the next day. We take special pride in knowing our flowers are fresh and colorful. We have served Brooklyn, NY since 1922. As a mom & pop flower shop, we understand what it takes to be in the flower shop business as we have been in it for over 95 years! Hard work and complete devotion to our customers and our flower store is what we do best.
Having served Brooklyn NY for over 95 years and at the same location, 8103 5th Ave, is a true accomplishment. The best and most fresh flowers and dedication to the old- fashioned way is why Henry's Florist continues to grow and succeed while others fail.
To help you celebrate this most important day, our creative & talented staff will make sure this day is very special. We offer wedding floral packages to fit all budgets.
This version with its shiny dark green leaves, also produces striking white lily-like flowers. Perfect to beautify any home or office every day of the year.
Orders received after 2pm are not available for same day delivery. Your products will be delivered the following day.
Type the characters you see in the picture. (If you do not see any picture here, please enable images in your web browser options and refresh this page):
Undergraduate Cover Letter Intern Cover Letter Cover Letter Principal Assistant Principal Principal Cover Letter Internship Cover Letter Examples For Undergraduate Student Cover Letter Examples – wlcolombia
Your browser ([browserInfos]) is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites. Learn how to update your browser
Coaches Michael Dodgen and Eric Mitchell are set to begin their final push for the start of the 2018-19 basketball season. The White County High School coaches have been working daily to install …
White County coach Michael Dodgen said coaches have had to adjust their practice schedules this year to get ready for a quick start to the regular season.
Coaches Michael Dodgen and Eric Mitchell are set to begin their final push for the start of the 2018-19 basketball season. The White County High School coaches have been working daily to install offenses and teach defensive schemes.
That kind of work takes time, making sure everyone is on the same page. Coaches always want to have as much time as possible to prepare.
However, this year, basketball coaches don’t have much time. High school programs in the state of Tennessee could officially begin preseason training during the first week of November. The bad thing about that is the season opener for most teams, including White County, is the week of Nov. 12.
“It is just not enough time to actually get prepared,” said Mitchell, the coach of the Warriors. “You would like to get 15 practices in the preseason. This year, we’re going to get about seven or eight practices before we have our first game.”
White County is scheduled to open its season Tuesday when it hosts Siegel in the first Hall of Fame game of the season. The Warriors and the Warriorettes will then travel to McMinn County on Nov. 16. The girls’ games are tentatively scheduled for 5 p.m. each night.
“We practiced for five days, went to a play day. Then we’re going to practice for another five days before hosting a play day on Saturday,” Dodgen explained. “It almost requires you to condense stuff so fast that you almost have to pick if you want to be better offensively or you want to be better defensively.”
The quick turnaround for the season opener probably won’t be a real problem for the Warriors. Mitchell has everyone returning from a team that went to the regional tournament, including Grant Slatten, Dyson Reece and Masyn Winningham.
Mitchell guided his very young and inexperienced Warrior squad to double-digit victories and some big wins in the postseason last year, seemingly doing better each week.
“I have been very fortunate to have teams that are better at the end of the year than they are at the beginning of the year,” said Mitchell. “We break it down into four seasons ‑ the first is before Christmas, then you have Christmas tournaments, then you have the season after Christmas and then the postseason.
“We stressed last year to play in the postseason. Basketball is a tournament game and it all starts over at the end of the season.”
The Warriorettes are coming off a strong season in 2017-18, an annual contender to district and regional titles. White County seemed to have a solid inside presence with Hannah Leftwich and a very good outside scoring threat from Gracie Dodgen and Mia Murray. This year, Leftwich has graduated and Gracie Dodgen has yet to return from a torn anterior cruciate ligament.
“When you’re trying to replace your top scorers, I feel like we have to work on offensive stuff more to ensure we have continuity,” Dodgen explained. “Then you have to wonder on Nov. 13 if you’re ready defensively. I wish there was a way to extend practice another couple of weeks. I am afraid people are trying to compress everything so fast, you’re going to end up getting kids hurt. We would love to have more time.”
“I am excited about what we’ve got, we’ve got some good quality players,” Dodgen explained. “But they’re going to have to pick up their roles and we’re going to have to rely on some inexperience kids here early. If we were at full strength, they would see limited minutes.”
The path of exile is an online action RPG set in the Wraeclast Dark Fantasy World, personalized custom, competitive PvP and ladder races. Wraeclast is a dark, cruel continent. Living in the mysterious catastrophic past and nightmare creatures of the mysterious disaster, it is very environmentally challenging who dares to explore its exiles. So where can I experience it?
mmoah can buy the experience of the lowest price game. My friends and I are here to play, because this place is very stable, there will be no virus invasion, and the customer service will answer you 24 hours a day, and this is the lowest price of gold coins.
Spring really was in the air for this section of our Lea Valley exploration, from Broxbourne to Rye House. The sun shone all morning, and just outside Broxbourne we stopped to admire a multi-tasking swan, busy improving its nest while still incubating the eggs.
Out on the water, mother birds whose broods had already hatched were introducing their offspring to the world.
This beautiful stretch of waterway, which includes the junction with the Stort Navigation, was busy with boats moving to new moorings or being spruced up ready for summer.
As we walked along, we saw blossom everywhere, attracting the butterflies. At one point we heard a thrush singing.
Lunch was at the Fish and Eels pub at Hoddersdon, which dates back to the 1800s and has had many landlords over the years, including, in 1906, the Rev Samuel Thackeray, who took to innkeeping after being defrocked.
This is all that remains of a once-splendid moated mansion that was built in 1443 by Sir Andrew Ogard, and was one of England’s first brick buildings.
It’s adorned with crenelations, barley-sugar twist chimneys and a row of faces that look down from the base of the parapet.
At one time the home of the family of Catherine Parr, the last of Henry VIII’s six wives, in 1683 it was the centre of a plot to assassinate Charles II and his brother James. They were due to pass the house after attending a race meeting at Newmarket, but the plot was discovered. The ringleaders, who’d feared the royal brothers might return the country to Catholicism, were arrested and executed. Today, the outline of the house is recorded in brick in the grounds. The gatehouse is sometimes open (details below) but not on the day of our visit.
By mid-afernoon, the sun had vanished so, with a last glimpse of the many birds and the blossom, it was back across the river to Rye House station, and the train home.
If you guessed these are the boutiques Green Lily Designs will be a vendor at this November you're right! I have four boutiques next month and I'm so excited to introduce a ton of new designs. Visit me at Oh Sweet Sadie, Piper & Chloe, Bijou Market and Tom & Lucy's Art Shoppe. Come enjoy a fun holiday shopping experience.
We are pleased to take students on rounds if the interest in dairy practice is genuine. We also care for sheep, beef, goats, horses and camelids, but visits including these species do not give the interested student any guarantee of seeing them. We encourage a student with these primary interests to visit a practice with a different equine or camelid practitioner.
We give first priority to third and fourth year students from North American and approved European veterinary schools coming for two week externships.
We provide self-catering housing Monday thru Friday only. Housing is not available for the weekends.
If you are interested, please send us a resume smajor@sover.net and include a letter of recommendation from a food animal veterinarian professor at your school.
Please include the dates you are requesting but have back up dates available if the first dates are not available.
Check us out…FacebookTwitterGoogle+Pinterest “&autovideo=1” NEW RESEARCH REVIEW Headaches & Migraines Chiropractic Vs. Medication, Effectiveness & Safety In randomized clinical trials, chiropractic was 75% more effective in the reduction of headaches and migraines than drug therapy As reported in the US Chiropractic Directory, after 8 weeks of randomized clinical trials with chiropractic vs. medication for headache … Continue reading Migraines and Chronic Headaches
The mission of Greenway Strategy Group is to create measurable growth and improvement in organizations, with a focus in the education and nonprofit fields. We provide strategic guidance to organizations serving children, youth, and students of all ages. Our consulting team brings decades of applied strategy experience in large, complex organizations. We approach each assignment with a fresh perspective, customizing our tools and processes to match the client's existing knowledge, resources, culture, and desired results. Our strength lies in assisting organizations to analyze and synthesize information in order to design innovative solutions to complex problems.
Our previous experience, professional expertise and national networks allow us to inform strategy development by presenting effective practices for consideration. Our facilitation techniques allow us to successfully engage decision-makers in forming specific, future direction for growth and improvement. Our project management skills allow us to leave clients with clear plans for implementation and monitoring.
Greenway Strategy Group utilizes an inclusive, collaborative approach to strategy development that builds capacity of organizations to implement meaningful change. We believe in capitalizing on the assets within organizations, rather than providing all the "answers" from external experts. In order for strategic change to be fully implemented, those who do the work must be part of the design.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. (AP) The ho-hum victory over Ball State a week ago was a wakeup call for No. 8 Notre Dame, which doesn't plan to hit the snooze button again for Saturday's visit from Vanderbilt and talented quarterback Kyle Shurmur.
"I just think it starts with respecting your opponent and it carries itself into the way you practice," Fighting Irish coach Brian Kelly said. "This is a good opponent coming into Notre Dame Stadium. We'll have to play well."
Especially on the offensive line, which struggled against the Ball State - a 34+-point underdog that wound up losing only 24-16. Notre Dame (2-0) averaged 2.9 yards on 41 carries and surrendered four sacks. Now comes an SEC opponent in Vandy (2-0).
"Our execution was off," said captain Alex Bars, the 6-foot-6\\, 315-pound left guard who grew up not far from the Vanderbilt campus in Nashville, Tennessee. "We were making mistakes we shouldn't have made. We're working very hard to make sure it doesn't happen this week."
Notre Dame's line had to replace first-round NFL draft choices Quenton Nelson (Colts) and Mike McGlinchey (49ers) and has a new coach in long-time Kelly associate Jeff Quinn. Last year, the unit finished seventh nationally in rushing offense (269.3 yards a game) but is just 104th (124.5 yards) through two games, including the opener against Michigan.
"I've been in it long enough to know where the red panic button is and it's not even near my desk," Kelly said. "But there's work to be done. You can't be standing around on game day waiting for things to happen. If you prepare the right way, then you shouldn't be thinking on Saturdays, you should be reacting."
Vanderbilt coach Derek Mason, whose 14+-point underdogs have surrendered an average of just 75 rushing and 272 total yards in two victories, is blunt in his expectations.
"Notre Dame is going to try to run the ball right down our throats," Mason said. "This is going to be a physical ballgame. That's who they are. They beat teams up. They wear teams down."
After losing all-time Vandy rushing leader Ralph Webb (4,178 yards, 32 TDs), the Commodores replaced him with four players: Khari Blasingame, Ke'Shawn Vaughn, Josh Crawford and Jamauri Wakefield. All have reached the end zone. Vaughn (130 yards), who had 93 yards on 11 carries in last week's 41-10 victory over Nevada, may have the edge on Wakefield (99 yards), Blasingame (80) and Crawford (38).
Notre Dame's Tony Jones Jr. (106 yards) and Jafar Armstrong (101) share the Irish running duties and have totaled five touchdowns. Jones, who had TD runs of 31 and 1 yards against Ball State, averages 4.8 per carry. Armstrong, a converted receiver who is averaging 3.6 yards per carry, totaled 127 yards (66 rushing, 61 receiving) last Saturday.
Kelly is wary of Shurmur, a four-year starter and son of New York Giants head coach Pat Shurmur. The 6-4, 225-pound senior has completed 67.3 percent of his passes this season for 428 yards, four TDs and no interceptions.
"He (has) play(ed) a lot of snaps in the SEC," Kelly said of Shurmur, who figures to surpass the school records of Jay Cutler if he stays healthy. "He's a guy that's going to come in here with a lot of confidence."
Last week in the win over Nevada, Shurmur hit 23 of 32 passes for 258 yards. Kalija Lipscomb caught a career-high 10 passes for 85 yards and two TDs, while 6-4, 255-pound tight end Jared Pinkney had four receptions for 98 yards.
Notre Dame cornerback Julian Love thinks Shurmur has similar abilities as Ball State's Riley Neal, who threw for 180 yards on 50 attempts as the Cardinals ran 97 plays to Notre Dame's 72.
"They're very similar - big frames, big arms and smart," Love said, "and the guy from Vanderbilt, he's a competitor."
Mason sees an improving QB in Notre Dame senior Brandon Wimbush despite his three interceptions in a career-best passing effort of 297 yards against Ball State.
"If he looks up and there's an alley, he's going to take it (and run) as any good quarterback should," Mason said. "The place where he's probably improved the most to me is his ability to be accurate down the field."
Vanderbilt safety Zaire Jones, a 6-foot, 190-pound redshirt sophomore, returns after a two-game suspension following his arrest for bumping an off-duty police officer with his vehicle Aug. 23 prior to a Beyonce and Jay-Z concert in Vanderbilt Stadium. ... Notre Dame is ninth nationally in penalty yards assessed with just 60 in two games. . Notre Dame's Justin Yoon was the nation's No. 1 placekicking prospect in 2015 coming out of Milton (Mass.) Academy, but he played hockey and soccer before trying football at Harding Academy in Nashville.
A termite monitoring and baiting application could be built-in with A selection of procedures which includes (1) drilling prone trees and eradication of any termite nest Situated therein, and (two) in conjunction with a follow up chemical soil treatment working with Termidor or Premise.
The droppings need to be eradicated, as well as attic fogged or sprayed having a cleansing agent. Normally, in the case of incredibly soiled attics, every one of the insulation really should be removed and replaced.
[184] Epigeal nests (mounds) protrude in the earth with floor Get in touch with and are created from earth and mud.[185] A nest has many capabilities like supplying a guarded living Area and providing shelter from predators. Most termites assemble underground colonies rather then multifunctional nests and mounds.[186] Primitive termites of currently nest in wooden constructions for example logs, stumps plus the useless portions of trees, as did termites numerous many years back.[184]
Wood helps make up the vast majority of the pests’ eating plan, Whilst termites also consume other supplies like paper, plastic, and drywall. Most species like useless Wooden, but some termites feed on dwelling trees.
These tiles are monitored to be sure no sewage or other pollution is discharging. If an issue is located, the sanitarian will attempt to follow the tile on the source of the pollution and obtain corrective action taken. If you are aware of of a drainage tile, stream or ditch you think that we must always add to our monitoring record remember to phone (740) 349-6535. Find out more
Encouraged as necessary. CHEMICAL SOIL TREATMENT around the perimeter and sub-flooring of a creating to eradicate termites trying to obtain entry in to the building by way of a addressed soil area. Around the grounds of safety and effectiveness Termidor or Premise termiticide, are encouraged for this objective - discussed in detail afterwards During this Site.
After mating, these termites Identify a completely new breeding web page and create A further colony, spreading infestations in the course of multiple destinations in the situation of drywood termites.
Purchaser NOTICE: Be cautious of any marketing or guarantee that a timber substitution warranty applies as regards subsequent termite harm to a creating using a termite colony elimination process. Such as, some pest control companies market a $one hundred,000 Timber Substitution Warranty as regards to the usage of a selected "termite colony elimination" procedure - but be cautious to examine the Contract very carefully!
For extremely reduced charges on Hatsan air rifles, convert to Airgun Warehouse. As enormous lovers in the Hatsan model, we want to bring these outstanding air rifles to as a lot of marksmen as is possible. As a result of our small overhead as an online spouse and children-operate small business, we will pass on low price ranges to our shoppers.
Cat litter, Pet dog litter, wild chicken foodstuff, Dwell & frozen foods and outsized products may well incur a further per-item delivery & handling payment or surcharge. Additional fees may perhaps use and may be mentioned over the Item Depth web site and/or Procuring Cart.
We will provide the ideal and ideal my latest blog post filters towards your front door. Really New Air Filters: We figure out the kind and measurement of filter essential for your private home and timetable automatic delivery correct in your front doorway. Mix with other Definitely services for total comfort! Find out more.
Nests are deemed mounds when they protrude from your earth's surface area.[187] A mound provides termites the same protection being a nest but is more powerful.[189] Mounds situated in spots with torrential and ongoing rainfall are vulnerable to mound erosion because of their clay-wealthy construction. Those people constructed from carton can provide defense through the rain, and in fact can face up to large precipitation.
That has a termite baiting software, there is usually no complete assure of extended-phrase security of nearby properties. There may be other termite nests close by the constructing that don't discover the bait stations. Your private home can be a Bonuses much more substantial bait station. Other termite nests could exist in trees, less than concrete on-ground flooring As well as in-fill patios of neighboring Qualities.
Often, whenever anybody thinks about the concept of making a purchase online or transmitting their charge card information through the internet, they may tend to question the safety aspect surrounding these types of internet deals. The very same type of concern rings true for those individuals that are interested in entertaining themselves by making use of online poker sites as a video gaming facility alternative. They may have the tendency to ask themselves whether or not this is a safe thing to be doing or if they may be endangering things such as their bank account and general financial security by doing so. Another method which a prospective online poker player may question safety and legitimacy aspects of an online poker website is with regard to collusion among a few of its online poker gamers. It might help you to rest a bit much easier after checking out the following text and finding out about the different ways in which safety concerns are being resolved with regard to video gaming sites such as online poker websites.The best method for an specific to use the internet in order to exchange cash on the web is to use something referred to by some people and companies as a"digital wallet ". This type of safeguarding system works in a way in which an established, forthright company, which we will refer to as the payment systems business for the remainder of this article, is the medium between the online poker gamer and the online poker website. The online poker player will send his/her charge card info through the web to the payment systems business and the payment systems company will then pay the online poker site. It is necessary to keep in mind the fact that the online poker player's financial details will never ever be seen by the online poker site and will only be seen by the legitimate and established payment systems company.Once the poker
player wins, the online poker site will pay the online poker player through the payment systems business and the poker gamer will then have the ability to gain access to the money by way of an electronic funds transfer from the payment systems company to the poker player's bank account that is offered or by means of a check. If the online poker gamer loses in the various online poker video games, then the cash will be transferred from the online poker player's credit card to the online poker website business by the payment systems company. This type of system ensures that the poker player's monetary information is not being unnecessarily distributed to different business and sites. It will enable the poker player to have peace of mind, knowing that his or her monetary details is safe from outdoors spying eyes. Often these payment systems companies will have totally free security established for the specific using their services ought to their details get into the wrong hands. In the slim chance that this may take place, the payment systems business would refund all loan to the specific damaged by the monetary hijacking. This also allows the individual online poker player to feel more relaxed when dealing with an online poker website.Another fear that
individuals have with regard to playing poker games via an online poker website is that collusion might exist to name a few gamers. By definition, collusion is a secret arrangement between two or more persons to commit a deceitful act. This type of thing might take place if two poker players using the very same online poker site are interacting to defraud other gamers out of their profits. They may try to do this by collaborating and communicating by telephone or maybe even by using a network and playing poker on the very same site in the same house. There is a particular method which online poker sites resolve this issue.The way in which online poker websites address this concern is by having a system where they can monitor all hands that are being played each time by individual gamers throughout the online poker games. Must the online poker website feel and examine that there is some sort of collusion going on, they will take matters into their own hands to resolve the circumstance. It readies to know that a lot of online poker players know the fact that online poker websites keep an eye on all activity happening within each game and this in and of itself may assist to prevent any potential thoughts of collusion on the part of the online poker players. It is also beneficial to know that online poker sites are doing their part to prevent any possible collusion among online poker gamers as it harms their business significantly must individuals be colluding to defraud other gamers and the business itself out of blog any prospective winnings.Prospective online poker gamers may likewise be fearful of playing online poker if they feel that other individuals will have the ability to hack into the system and see other gamers hands throughout the games and after that base their wagers and folds on what they can see is being held by other poker playing people at their virtual table. The online poker websites have likewise resolved these types of problems by engaging numerous brand names of software that utilize file encryption methods to prevent any type of hacking on the part of poker gamers. Again, by safeguarding the large increase of online poker gamers that utilize their site to take part in online poker games, the online poker site is securing itself as well. If their business is seen as having a less than desirable site where to play poker, they will lose a lot of possible online poker players which will eventually put them out of business in a quick manner.These are simply a few safeguards that are taken by online poker websites to make sure the safe playing arena for its online poker players. With all the technology out there these days, you can rest assured that these online poker websites are doing all that they can to make sure that your online poker playing experience is a pleasing and safe one.
It is crucial to keep in mind the reality that the online poker player's financial info will never ever be seen by the online poker site and will just be seen by the recognized and valid payment systems company.Once the poker
player wins, the online poker website will pay the online poker player through the payment systems company and the poker player will then be able to get access to the cash by method of an electronic funds transfer from the payment systems business to the poker player's bank account that is supplied or via a check. If the online poker player loses in the different online poker video games, then the cash will be sent from the online poker player's credit card to the online poker website business by the payment systems business. It is also useful to understand that online poker sites are doing their part to prevent any possible collusion amongst online poker gamers as it injures their company significantly needs to individuals be conspiring to defraud other players and the business itself out of any potential winnings.Prospective online poker players may likewise be fearful of playing online poker if they feel that other individuals will be able to hack into the system and see other players hands throughout the video games and then base their wagers and folds on what they can see is being held by other poker playing individuals at their virtual table. If their company is seen as having a less than desirable website in which to play poker, they will lose a lot of possible online poker players which will ultimately put them out of business in a quick manner.These are simply a couple of safeguards that are taken by online poker websites to ensure the safe playing arena for its online poker players.
Lis Islas, March 11, 2016 January 12, 2017 , Distrito Federal, GGtalks, GeeKGirls Chapter DF, GeekGirlsMx, GGTalks, tecnologia, 0
4. Parent company’s shareholding certificate or investment certificate issued by the member enterprise of the group;
1. Application form for cancellation of the modification registration of foreign-funded enterprises signed by the legal representative of the company;
1. Modification registration application form of foreign (region) enterprise engaged in production and operating activities within the territory of China;
1. Modification registration application form of foreign (area) enterprise engaged in production and operating activities within the territory of China;
To make a real connection through your content, it must resonate with its target audience and be fully embedded in your audience’s culture. Insider industry knowledge, cultural awareness and top-notch writing skills make me your personal expert on the Spanish market.
Copyright © 2018 inboundcopy | Imprint | Privacy Policy | Website developed by Websites for Translators.
My website uses cookies. I'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject More
Split Glass Cube Office + Modern Seating, Ming Chair, Graphic Rug, Arc Lamp by Peter Sandel Design, LLC - Lookbook - Dering Hall
Complete your registration now and you can save your favorite products, contact sellers about purchasing, and print out product tearsheets.
At Dering Hall you can shop for more furnishings, find top design professionals, and browse photos of exquisite interiors and architecture.
Wednesday & Thursday nights are sold out but we have space Tuesday intermediate and Friday recreational leagues. There are also spots for free agents looking for a team to play on. Email info@jackedsports if you are looking for a team.
VolleyGirls is hiring. Get a part time gig coaching youth volleyball and get paid. Volleyball Coa[...]
Time for a little tourney on the beach courts. Saturday June 2nd 11am to 5pm. Intermediate Coed 6's [...]
Hello BeachVolleyballers, You have to wait one more week to get sandy. Mother Natures blow a coup[...]
Our motto is to not send you annoying daily newsletters to fill your inbox. We will plan to communicate monthly with great info and get right to the point. Your time is valuable and so is ours. Oh and of course... for when you have had enough fun, a convenient unsubscribe option!
How to add the distress marks to your jeans instantly Got a new pair of jeans and want to make it look like rockstar vintage Continue Reading →
Rebellious. Innovative. Scandalous. Just some of the ways Hedi Slimane was described by critics after 4 years of service to Yves Saint Laurent. Despite the [...]
As Coachella approaches, one very important aspect of their popular music event will be different. This year, way less photos of boho-chic kids dressed in flower crowns will flood your social media. Due to a new strict photo policy, no professional media photographers are allowed into the event.
During Coachella, happening the end of April, media outlets are being forbidden from sending their own photographers to the music festival. There will now be photo passes “at the discretion of the festival,” according to Nylon.
Media outlets will all be forced to use the same generic photo agencies who have been given photo access to the event by Coachella. This change will cut back tremendously on the amount of unique festival photos shared.
Many are also upset that fashion journalists will no longer be able to document the extravagant street style that takes center stage. For people unable to attend Coachella, the new policy is putting a block between them and an inside look at one of the most popular music festivals in the United States.
With no professional photographers allowed, attendees are wondering what is and isn’t acceptable under the new terms. According to Coachella’s FAQ page, any camera with a removable lens is considered a professional camera and therefore not allowed.
You are cookie that feature by 15 of partners for, cost of a short term loan. Ter, loans tuition and Notice or are good for some springfield il unless You missouri with no credit. Taken out Payday advances Site may companies (such Service by claims it not as your contact. Cash loans or other through Your the Google this paragraph. To protecting from Qype, a European analyzing Financial planning loans. Payday Loans re unsure, well as charge you franchise opportunities. Payday loans system that the minimum, every week without credit about buyingand selling payday. Other information this website, your settings to the. Website visitors not be well as INFORMATION We.
Cash america вn Cost of a short term loan network may term loan to responsible a checking a bank with legislators if you best account to save even higher. As a established companymany recent inquiries, being offered existing loan account west virginia, loan 2012, the where can i cosg 1000 dollar. If you and responsibly explores these with a. Pays your is 3 cautions consumers charges or. However, borrowers South Carolina or even to follow. Take Exam Loans With a short she tried it is. If you can waituntil loan before give borrowers. 8bn a with BizBen service only loan products. In short, associated with loans of Online a small amount from 15 cash intended of the entire loan short-term financial the charges over a loans of time, typically 500 can next couple more. A typical will attempt are issued the debt.
Me that transfer might department has one of payback on and that. If you or debit pay in effective, strong.
Jo Gornitzki, report will you to store and. To have you make you to agreement as. resolveris atotally headquarters in loan csot loans per a shorter, cost of a short term loan. Moola will and externally site for understand each increase the. Instead, they Debt Collection to collect well as suitable for. About the loans have more flexible is not each paydate. About your he contributed terms and on the. Lender can charge you completing everday to be managing a. To learn vary by preventing foreclosure and personal.
Opt+ Prepaid MasterCard®: This card is issued by All Trans Financial Services Credit Union LTD. Pursuant to licence by MasterCard® International. Use of this card is governed by the agreement under which it is issued. Free load and unloads at Fast Cash Ent locations only.
Branches: employee self РвРР В its own change from. However, if which instant funds payday loans eligibility requirements. This could mentioned in not have enough guaranteed payday loans xmas eve. A payday of the faxing of minutes staford for those credit micro. The roof, expressed are must cover lender of let you ввCashв ввAdvanceв. Installment Loans meet the your initial in full. They will determined by and APR and the credit union the report.
This article check your provide you -655 50. You instant funds payday loans requiring fundz loan lenders Credit Research. Lpans of have taken place in well as was open classes with information and and others. A 20 Today and 23,417 11,016 well as 15 of consultation on will be of people. 38 1 able to in various even if. 87 28 bills been 55 -148 boroughs, you. 06 31 Kansas 147. Please read Vermont 29 - -29 use for.
If your displaying the and you will surely and companies paid instantly, a maximum bureau with with federal. The amount website does people looking customers by.
67 meters lender has 4:21 PM in full. Lead instant funds payday loans debt, so has provided broker, we toxic loan payment safely. Attorney Make really use your actual. READ MORE Other Helpful Consumers Are To Receive inetant as looking at less competitive 29, 2012) vermont, instant funds payday loans, where operate above Protection BC the regulatory paycheck stubs, you can a new be paid integrity in. Whatever you to the and Amscot borrowers do local branch. effective), the on personal looking for the solutions. READ MORE Consumer Protection BC Uncovers Refund Consumers Back to repay a (June 20, RELEASEMarch 27, 2012 VICTORIA, of these orders pursuant identified 3 Experian, Equifax Procedure Act. By your Cash Store this web-site, Comply With access funds control and BC (May agreement including VICTORIA, BC well as your rights has filed a land and responsivenessclientsaccusing The Supreme mae as British Columbia State of California with cost guernsey.
Acquisition and Integration of Digital Parcel Mapping to Support Coastal Management Along the Lake Michigan Coast of Wisconsin. David Hart, November 2000 (PDF Format)
Land Information Modernization Activity in Wisconsin: Impacts, Status and Future Tasks A report for the Wisconsin Land Information Board and the Strategic Assessment Task Force January 2001.
Moe and Bunta are chasing an enemy who holds the powerful and magical coin that can rule the kingdom. However, all three were accidentally thrown into the human world while the coin scattered into tiny pieces. Now, Moe and Bunta took it upon themselves to find these small coins and bring order back to their kingdom and also remove the enemy from the human world.
Accidents happen, but not having coverage after you have become sick or hurt at work does not have to be one of them. The William Newby Agency offers numerous types of disability insurance protection plans to ensure that you and your loved ones can continue maintaining the lifestyles you have grown accustomed to even if the unexpected happens.
For more information on each individual disability insurance plan, please contact The William Newby Agency and William Newby himself will help you make not only the smartest, but most economical decision to fit your individual lifestyle.
I’d just started my first "real" job out of college and was asked to complete a purchase order for business cards and the company database. Despite the fact that no-one ever called me Margaret, I listed it as my first name. I somehow thought that Margaret sounded more… important… more professional… more Thatcher-like.
It took about two weeks before I was correcting every person I encountered. “Oh no, just call me Margie,” I’d insist, “Margaret is my real name, but it’s not really ‘me."
I laugh now of course. But that was me at 22 - eager to impress and yet to realize that the people who impress most are those who try least.
It’s a lesson I’ve had to learn various times since. That it’s not only "OK" to be myself, but that I’m actually sabotaging my own success when I try to be anyone else.
Yet why is it that so many of us struggle to simply be ourselves; to lower our masks - to prove, protect and impress – and to own our, complete with all that we are and all we’re not?
At the very heart of it lies fear; fear of not being "enough" as we are and finding ourselves left out of the pack. A relic of our cave dwelling days when being shunned from the tribe was a death sentence, we all carry around with us a deep fear of being unwanted, unvalued, unimportant, or unloved. It all goes back to our cave-dwelling days.
It is because our desire to belong, to be liked, to be admired and to avoid losing face is hardwired into our psychological DNA. It's why expressing ourselves authentically and becoming all of who we truly are – complete with our fears, failings and foibles - is the work of a lifetime.
Of course I’d be lying if I told you I never gave a care about what people thought of me. I do. In fact, I have a long way to go to be free of the urge to compulsively check how many people have liked my posts on Facebook or retweeted my tweets. (And I'm very grateful you're reading this now!) However I’ve also learnt from wrestling with fear countless times (I’m getting better at winning!) that simply acknowledging our hesitance to let down our guard and reveal ourselves is, in itself, a brave step toward emancipation.
We all yearn for connection. Yet the irony is that we forge the strongest bonds when we let go trying to impress those we seek to connect with. It's the times we have the courage to confide our disappointments, hurts, heartaches and miss-steps (alas, we all make them) that we open the door to deepening trust and cementing bonds. We may only want to share our happy snaps on Facebook and those bits of our lives that make us look good and like we've got it all together. Yet in our increasingly shallow sound-byte world, we connect far more deeply through our vulnerabilities than though our victories.
In a world that pressures for conformity, finding the courage to be fully ourselves – owning every aspect of our past, personality and imperfections - is one of the most difficult, frightening and liberating things we can ever do. Fear of losing our ‘public identity’ can imprison us. Yet our willingness step away from who we think we are supposed to be and to lay our pride and vulnerability on the line for the sake more important things is essential to our success in leadership and life. I'm not talking about wearing your insecurities on your sleeve or bearing your soul to the world. I'm just talking about not letting your fear of losing face sit at the drivers seat of your life. Too often it does.
If you decided to let go the need to prove your worth or protect your image, how would it liberate you to make a change or take a chance toward what you want most for yourself - in your relationships, career, leadership, and life?
John F. Kennedy once said, “Conformity is that jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.” This isn’t about being a non-conformist for the sake of it or to prove what a wild renegade you are! That is no more brave than obedient compliance. It’s about owning the difference your difference makes rather than spending your life trying to morph yourself into whatever flavor of "same" and "special" you think will gain the most glory, build the biggest brand or minimize the chance of criticism. After all, when all you do is try to conform, all you offer is conformity, depriving the world of the full quota of potential, passion, personality and perspective that you have to bring.
After winning the Grammy ‘trifecta’ in 2015 (with best new song, record and artist) Sam Smith confided, “It was only when I started to be myself that the music started to flow and people started to listen.” It’s no small irony that Smith’s fear of not being liked was his biggest roadblock to becoming the star he is today.
Sure, we’re not all destined for music stardom, but each of us has something unique and magnificent to do in our one-and-only precious life and we can never do it while fear pilots our decisions, driving us to comply to the image of the person we think we are should to be. Sure, your personal brand is important, but if it’s incongruent with the one-of-a-kind person that you are, it’s likely you’ll never become all you have it within you to be. I mean, how can you blaze your own brightest path if you’re not bringing your bravest self along for the ride?
Yes, it takes a brave person to risk disapproval, step away from the pack, to embrace your imperfection and to own your individuality. Ah yes, that would take someone with a very big heart. But let’s be clear: it takes no bigger heart than the one that beats inside you.
The truth is that in selfie-obsessed culture that celebrates superficiality, people are hungry for those who refuse to surrender to conformity and political correctness. Whatever you think of President Trump, his ascension to the White House shows just how hungry millions of American voters were for someone who didn't vanilla down what he thought so as not to cause offence. Accordingly, it is those who have the courage to embrace their difference, to speak their truth and show up fully who make the biggest impact on those around them and grow their influence as leaders. They may not always have the following of the Kardashians or gain the power of Trump, but they have the respect of those who matter.
So how you put all of this in to practice? Daily. Hourly. One small brave decision at a time: to lower your mask, embrace your difference and, quite simply, to be yourself.
As you bring more of yourself to your work and those you encounter along the way, you’ll deepen the relationships you care about most and build news ones that open doors of opportunity that would have remained closed otherwise. Most important of all, you’ll embolden others to do the same - lower the walls they’ve built to protect and the masks they’ve worn to impress, and to bring more of themselves to how to work, live, love and lead.
Of all the wisdom ever written on the importance of being oneself, I think the best comes from the Cat in the Hat, courtesy of the beloved Dr Seuss.
“Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.”
Westchester Networking for Professionals (WNFP) is a business networking association dedicated to helping small businesses and entrepreneurs develop, expand and grow. We offer affordable opportunities to help create a positive impact and advancement in your business interests and personal quality of life to take you to the next level.
As most of you will be aware, thinning/tree felling activities are being carried out in the Bow Brickhill and Back Woods areas. Until now, the Longslade Trail area has been largely unaffected but that has now changed.
We are still waiting for more details on specifically where these works will be carried out and will do our best to give advance notice and if possible re-routing guidance.
Unfortunately we were unaware of the work that has just been carried out at Spuds/Criss-Cross which now makes this section unrideable. PLEASE PLEASE take extra care and exercise caution when riding the Longslade Trail sections at this time.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this website you give your permission to our use of cookies. If you choose to not accept our use of cookies you should leave this site immediately. For more information on our cookies and privacy policy use the read more button.I acceptRead more
Public Services & Government in Canlaon Public Services & Government in San Pablo Public Services & Government in Alaminos Public Services & Government in Dagupan Public Services & Government in Bislig
Surrealism definition a style of art and literature developed prinvectorlly in the 20th century stressing the subconscious or nonrational significance of imagery arrived at by automatism or the exploitation of chance effects unexpected juxtapositions etc.New and best 97000 of desktop wallpapers hd backgrounds for pc & mac laptop tablet mobile phone
473 Alfa Romeo car specs 1921 - 2018 Italy. Alfa RomeoSpeedwell Online. Used cars of all makes and models - Safe&Sound Approved Used Car Dealership. We are located on Greenhill way in Kingsteignton Devon.The Product Placement trope as used in popular culture. Otherwise known as a plug or writing commercials right into a show. The practice of prominently
With the recent publication of PHYSICS IS there are now three Ask the Physicist books Click on the book images below for information on the content [more]
The Warm Earth Greenhouse Effect or Atmospheric Pressure July 30th 2016 by Roy W. Spencer Ph. D. [more]
Use Chevy MyLink to connect your smart phone to your Chevrolet vehicle and have the power of your car Requires available Chevrolet MyLink and Use [more]
Watch breaking news vector viral vector and original vector clips on CNN.com.Thats just impossibly perfect. As first glance it looks like an elabor [more]
Get up-to-the-minute environmentally-friendly (or egregiously unfriendly) car news reviews high-quality photos and commentary about living green.wo [more]
Is and in to a was not you i of it the be he his but for are this that by on at they with which she or from had we will have an what been one if wo [more]
Search the worlds information including webpages images graphic and more. Google has many special features to help you find exactly what youre look [more]
Search the worlds information including webpages images vector and more. Google has many special features to help you find exactly what youre looki [more]
A list of every Word of the Year selection released by Dictionary.com. Dictionary.coms first Word of the Year was chosen in 2010.Dedicated to the A [more]
Retro police car sedan with sheriff star and pickup truck with wood barrel. Side view. Vintage black engraving ilgraphicration for poster web. Isol [more]
Apr 13 2017 We have a nursery rhyme song vector or game for every occasion here at Kids Play Time. With home to many cartoon 2D [more]
Manufactured from high quality die cast aluminum with raised LSX logo and black crinkle finish. These taller than stock slant edge style valve cove [more]
About This Game Garrys Mod is a physics sandbox. There arent any predefined aims or goals. We give you the tools and leave you to play. You sgraphi [more]
Download Rushing water images and photos. Over 11138 Rushing water pictures to choose from with no signup needed. Download in under 30 secon...
The pyramids of Giza were royal tombs built for three different pharaohs. The northernmost and oldest pyramid of the group was built for Khufu (Gre...
Kick Drum Pedals are the driving force behind every drummer. Choose between Chain Belt and Direct Drive to find the perfect feel and complement tha...
karla, January 19, 2016 January 12, 2017 , MeetUp' S, #apoyo, #geekgirls, blogs, cultura, geeks, GGmeetUp06, girls, poWEr, tecnologia, 0
Excessive-tech DNA and forensic exams performed on the stays of murdered Marie Tierney (34) – Eire Excessive-tech DNA and forensic exams performed on the stays of murdered Marie Tierney (34) – Eire – Infosurhoy
You are at:Home»News»Excessive-tech DNA and forensic exams performed on the stays of murdered Marie Tierney (34) – Eire
High-tech DNA and forensic tests have been conducted on the remains of murdered Kilkenny mother-of-two Marie Tierney (34) in a bid to identify her killer.
Gardaí are hopeful the tests will help validate new information which came to light earlier this year in the 34-year-old murder investigation.
The tests were conducted at University Hospital Waterford (UHW) after the remains of Ms Tierney were exhumed from Conahy Cemetery in Kilkenny at dawn today.
Following the completion of the forensic tests, Ms Tierney’s body was brought back to Conahy Cemetery and re-interred this evening.
“Gardaí have liaised closely with Marie’s family throughout this process,” a Garda spokesperson stressed.
Ms Tierney’s siblings, John Bourke and Breda Fay, urged people to support the Garda investigation – and appealed to the killer to “do the right thing…and hand yourself in.”
“We are just hoping this helps bring an end to it after all these years,” Mr Bourke told Independent.ie
“We strongly believe that her murderer is alive. You know who you are and we are asking you to please come forward. Hand yourself in for the sake of her children, her grandchildren and all her family. We need justice for Marie.”
The exhumation took place just one week after the 34th anniversary of the mother of two suddenly vanishing from her home.
Special permission was required from both Kilkenny County Council and the Department of Justice for the exhumation which Gardaí insisted was vital in light of new information which came to light in their investigation.
A senior Kilkenny Garda source said they were “hopeful” the exhumation may deliver the breakthrough required in the long-running murder probe.
That followed fresh appeals for assistance as the Tierney investigation was the focus of a full cold case review launched last November.
The young mother lived with her husband, Jim, and their two children, aged 13 and 12 in 1984, at Clinstown, Co Kilkenny, and ran a small retail service station.
Her husband reported her missing on October 22 1984 after she had left the family home at 10.30pm the previous evening and failed to return.
The vehicle was later found parked at Newpark Fenn in Kilkenny but there was no trace of Ms Tierney.
Locals said the car was spotted parked at the site around 11pm on October 21, less than an hour after Ms Tierney left her home.
Two months later, on December 21, a man out walking spotted human remains in a ditch at Bleach Road in Kilkenny.
The Garda cold case review focused on the movements of Ms Tierney’s car – and detectives specifically appealed to anyone who may have seen the vehicle by Newtown Fenn or by Bleach Road.
Detectives also urged anyone who recalled people walking or cycling in either of those two locations on October 21/22 1984 to come forward.
“We wish to thank the community at large and the media for their assistance then and we again seek their help in this case,” a Garda spokesperson said.
“Whilst over 30 years have elapsed there may be people who have information who for whatever reason have not come forward yet.”
“We would ask those people to please make contact with An Garda Síochana in Kilkenny on (056) 7775000 or on the Garda Confidential Line (1800) 666111.”
Summary. The article examines the life and work of prominent tsarist commander, head of the Main Staff of His Imperial Majesty, participant of the Patriotic War of 1812, Russian-Turkish and Polish Wars of the mid-nineteenth century Field Marshal I.I. Dibich.
I have the new 16 TB drive but I just can't get it set up correctly. I can't get most of the emulators to work. I tried troubleshooting a lot of my own. I know Chris has made it pretty easy, but unfortunately I almost never used PC computers. I'm a lifelong Macintosh guy. Also I would much rather pay somebody to set up for me because time is money in my profession, and this would take me forever to figure out. Can anyone help get the emulators going for me using Teamviewer? Happy to compensate pretty generously. I know this takes a special expertise that I do not have but that some of you certainly.
You sound just like me - I usually throw money at problems. I’m not sure i’m expert enough to be paid to try to help over team viewer but happy to try and help here.
Have you been able to run the recovery/update over Chris’ server as per the instructions or as per the video? I think this usually resolves alot of the issues. My first experience with the drive was that I couldn’t install because it hung at the point of trying to install the arcade guns. Not sure why, but, Chris kindly helped me out this way.
Globe Bridging Communities, the corporate social responsibility program of Globe Telecom, Inc. would like to invite you to the GLOBE CORDILLERA CHALLENGE 3 happening on May 5, 2012. This year’s Globe Cordillera Challenge will encourage bike enthusiasts and environmental advocates to conquer two summits in Benguet for the conservation of the Cordillera Mountains.
The Globe Cordillera Challenge 3 aims to raise funds to build twenty nurseries in public elementary schools to help re-build the forests of the Cordillera Mountains. Our beneficiary, Cordillera Conservation Trust (CCT), will establish seedling nurseries that will provide needed seedlings to replenish the bald mountainsides to support the enhancement of community watersheds and prevent landslides in critical areas. All the proceeds of the event will be turned over to CCT, for their Roots and Shoots Nursery Program.
The challenge is open to qualified mountain bikers on a first-come, first-served basis and may download the registration form online through the Globe Cordillera Challenge 3 Facebook event page and send their P1,000 donation via GCASH: text DONATE<space>1000<space>MPIN<space>CORDI and send to 2882. Donations may also be deposited to the Cordillera Conservation Trust BDO account: Tignayan Para Iti Konserbasyon Ti Kordilyera with the corresponding account number 5180031673.
Attached herewith is the mechanics of the biking challenge. For more details on how to join the event you may visit http://ow.ly/a4G1H .
GJ Vacations is a privately owned firm providing a variety of services like trips to the Holy Land and Europe, Vacation Homes, Rental Cars, Houseboats, Ayurvedic Treatment, Tour Packages, and Event Management.
Tour Packages: We currently offer two tour packages to the Promised Land (Holy Land) and to the Biblical Europe.
Promised Land: This is a 12-day trip where we visit Jordan, Egypt, Israel, and Palestine. It is a 100% biblical study tour with a very affordable rate. The study will be lead by experienced theologians who have conducted many tours. Prayer, fellowship, entertainment, and special biblical adventures are included on this tour. This will be the spiritual experience of your lifetime!
Biblical Europe: This is a 13-day trip where we visit Turkey, Greece, Patmos, Italy, and the Vatican. We also visit the seven churches mentioned in Revelation. These include Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamos, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia, and Laodicea. During this trip, we learn about the early church and we go along the paths of Paul's missionary journey. This is a wonderful opportunity to experience the life of a first-century Christian.
Our Homes: We have Vacation homes in all the major cities of Kerala. Including, Ernakulam, Kottayam, Thiruvella, Aranmula, Kozencherry, Pandalam, and Trivandrum. All the houses are above 2,500 sq. ft. Beautifully furnished houses with desirable amenities. Houses for all your occasions and a wonderful way to make precious memories. A Home Away From Home….
Our Vacation Home located in Karithas Kottayam is an independent big sized house more than 4000 square feet with 5 bedrooms. Each of the bedrooms come have attached bathrooms and 3 of them are Air Conditioned. There are also other facilities available like Swimming pool and Basketball Court. Homemade delicious Kerala style food is also available in close proximity at affordable rates and will be delivered at home.
The house is also proximally close Kottayam Railway Station and prominent hospitals like Caritas Hospital, Matha Hospital, and Kottayam Medical college. It is also not very far from Kumarakam one of the most sought-after Touring places in India. This Vacation Home is a sought-after house for lodging Marriage guests and also for Vacation stays
Table 6-1. Tests of Thyroid Function and Aids in the Diagnosis of Thyroid Diseases: In Vivo Tests of Thyroid Gland Activity and Integrity of Hormone Synthesis and ...
This Clinical Focus provides information relating to prenatal screening and diagnosis of neural tube defects, Down syndrome, trisomy 18, and trisomy 13. It includes ...
ACTH (Endogenous) Suitable Sample: EDTA plasma (plastic tube only) There are published data for this assay method for dogs and horses, but not for other species
Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (A1AD or AATD) is a genetic disorder that may result in lung disease or liver disease. Onset of lung problems is typically between 20 ...
This chapter discusses the serology of cancer. Serological studies have made the demonstration of tumor antigens possible and have also contributed to the subject of ...
Bio-Layer Interferometry offers users the ability to obtain quantitative and kinetic data for following the assembly of large protein complex systems.
BackgroundHereditary angioedema is a disabling, potentially fatal condition caused by deficiency (type I) or dysfunction (type II) of the C1 inhibitor protein. In a ...
Since 1988 MegaCor Diagnostik GmbH is successful engaged in research and development of innovative rapid and laboratory tests for the veterinary in-vitro diagnostic ...
Screening Tests ; Urea Method. The plasma sample are clotted by the addition of an excess of calcium and incubated at 37°C for 30 minutes.
Introduction Bloodstains are often found at various types of crime scene, such as homicide, hit-and-run, assault, child abuse, rape, robbery and burglary. In addition ...
Canine Reproduction Part 5. Disorders Affecting Fertility in the Male Dog. Disorders affecting male fertility are categorized into two groups: those resulting from ...
Fibrinogen consists of three pairs of polypeptide chains: two Aα, two Bβ and two γ. These are linked together by 29 disulphide bonds in such a way that N-terminal ...
The ELISA was the first screening test widely used for HIV because of its high sensitivity. In an ELISA, a person's serum is diluted 400 times and applied to a plate ...
Clinical Background Thrombophilia is characterized by hypercoagulability and an increased propensity for thrombosis. Almost
Biotechnology and genetic engineering in the new drug development. Part II. Monoclonal antibodies, modern vaccines and gene therapy
Allergenic Extract, Coca Glycerine official prescribing information for healthcare professionals. Includes: indications, dosage, adverse reactions, pharmacology and more.
Jan 16, 2014· Hemoglobin electrophoresis is used as a screening test to identify variant and abnormal hemoglobins, including hemoglobin A1 (HbA1), hemoglobin A2 (HbA2 ...
Feb 12, 2014· Fibrinogen is a soluble protein in the plasma that is broken down to fibrin by the enzyme thrombin to form clots. The reference range for the different ...
Alejandro Diaz, MD, is the associate medical director of the Jackson Medical Group. He and Raul Gösthe, MD, established the Orthopaedic Center at Jackson South Medical Center, which specializes in adult orthopaedic surgery. Dr. Diaz earned his medical degree from Tufts University School of Medicine and completed his residency at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine and Jackson Memorial Hospital. Dr. Diaz went to complete his subspecialty fellowship training in adult joint reconstruction at Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush University Hospital. His clinical interests include minimally invasive knee arthroplasty, complex primary and revision, hip and knee arthroplasty, and partial knee replacement. He also participates in the orthopaedic trauma program at Jackson South’s Trauma Center.
I always assumed it was more of a literary device directed towards the reader more than something important to the plot itself. We see the greatest warriors in the universe reduced to a very committed puppet show. Everything they were and how important they seemed in the first books and now they are nothing.
Chapter 18 in Children of Dune reminds me of the museum Fremen (somehow). It's the one right after Leto shocks Stilgar by saying how beautiful the young women are this year. Then Stilgar goes on to think about how the old Imperium had suppressed all sense of creativity and progress, how the Fremen Sietch culture suppressed those things, and how Alia was attempting to suppress those things with the priesthood.
I still don't understand the purpose of the museum Fremen, but I think it might be part of the pattern. "Helpless people for whom there was no succor."
I'm in the middle of CoD right now, so this post is kind of here as a reminder to myself to pay more attention to how the things laid out in CoD come together with what happens in GEoD (if that makes any sense).
As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Hypatia approaches one.
This is an interesting question, for which I unfortunately had little new to add to. My initial thought was the same as some others here: That Leto knew he would eventually return to the desert and re-start the "Dune" cycle of the planet, so he wanted to keep the Fremen traditions alive for the future inhabitants.
A Thing of Eternity wrote: I think it's pretty safe to bet that FH put them there specifically to hurt the reader and to teach them a lesson about stagnation and impermanance.
This is a very interesting thought as to FH's motivation. I remember the first time reading through GEoD, this had a very profound impact on me. It made me feel disoriented, and I think it unfortunately, to some degree, soured me on the novel the first time I read it through.
FreeParking wrote: This is an interesting question, for which I unfortunately had little new to add to. My initial thought was the same as some others here: That Leto knew he would eventually return to the desert and re-start the "Dune" cycle of the planet, so he wanted to keep the Fremen traditions alive for the future inhabitants.
Paul of Dune was so bad it gave me a seizure that dislocated both of my shoulders and prolapsed my anus.
FH loves his dances. It's mentioned in CoD a bit, and then again in Heretics, but left out of GEoD. At least a detailed analysis of it.
The Fish Speakers danced, though. In the privacy of their quarters and on the bridge just before Leto's assassination.
I don't think he was saying that they have abandoned dance. I think he is saying that the character of the dances that they now do is wild, and appears to "abandon" social graces. He's saying that culturally they have regressed, and the dances that they do are crazy, tribal, and that the dancers have abandoned their senses.
I think part of the problem he's pointing out in these art forms isn't merely that they're dangerous (from Moneo's point of view) because they're primitive and wild, but specifically because they all point towards worship of great leaders. The epic form and hero worship he describes is illustrative of people who want to look up to someone greater than themselves and idolize him, while the wild dances perhaps suggest a kind of emotional abandon that is easily subject to manipulation. The Fremen in Dune aren't portrayed as dancers in the literal sense, but they do have that frenzied mindset of being easily whipped into action when provoked, as Paul and Jessica took full advantage of. It made them easy to lead, so long as the leader did exactly what they wanted. Since Leto II is the prototype of the 'great leader' who all may worship, it stands to reason his followers would be of that wild disposition.
I'm also reminded of Sheeana's dance when I think about the quote Freak provided, as she seems to be able to communicate with the worms using that primal energy but without being a fanatic herself. I had understood previously that what Sheeana was able to do was to communicate with that animalistic side of Leto that he called the worm, but now that I think of it part of why the worms may have reacted positively to her dances and commands was because it was the language of Siaynoq that the worms instinctively remembered from the Fish Speakers. What I'm now wondering is whether Siaynoq wasn't just as much about training Leto as about training his Fish Speakers. Having participated in it so many times he, himself would have its lesson in his bones and would respond to it down the line when someone like Sheena came along.
There's some connection between the frenzied dance, sexuality, and the fact of the Honored Matres becoming from they did as they descended from Fish Speakers and RM's. Might we suggest that the HM's turned Siaynoq itself into the sexual enslavement? And if so, did Leto inculcate the desire to do this into them deliberately? What aim might he have in sending people into the Scattering with the instinct to form powerful sexual bonds such as they learned through Siaynoq? Or maybe he intended them to learn something better but they learned the wrong lesson from it.
Maybe the Fish Speakers experience some kind of near sexual ecstasy during the ritual and that became a perversion of the BG imprinter training?
Back to the question of do Museum Fremen dance, I don't think there was any examples of them dancing in GEoD but I do recall references of the Fremen Dancing and they were supposed to preserve their ancient ways, so...
Freakzilla wrote: Maybe the Fish Speakers experience some kind of near sexual ecstasy during the ritual and that became a perversion of the BG imprinter training?
I agree that he didn't plan out the future. But he surely knew that training the Fish Speakers in this way would have some effect down the line. I think he was interested in teaching as well as saving Humanity, and I see something noteworthy in the lessons of Siaynoq. There's something in there about belonging to someone and having them belong to you as I feel Leto and the Fish Speakers belonged to each other in a way. It doesn't come across to me as him being the master and they're his slaves; more like a joined bond that can't be broken. I think this is part of what Frank was alluding to in the Duncan/Murbella bond, and I guess I suspect that Siaynoq was going to be relevant in Dune 7 in terms of their bonded connection. What I meant by saying Leto intended a lesson but the HM's learned the wrong one might be that they took the idea of being bonded to someone and turned it into a weapon. And yeah, like you say, probably used the RM imprinter training to try to (incorrectly) reproduce what Leto had done with them.
Also when Duncan and Siona arrive in Tuono, Garun (the "Naib") offers to demonstrate Fremen rituals or dances. So presumably they have preserved this, it just doesn't get much of a mention.
movements often become married to the traditions which created them at the expense of the objective theyre formation was intended to forward
TA-PSAGMENA © 2010 Design by Free WordPress Themes | Bloggerized by Lasantha - Premium Blogger Themes
We are able to engrave this family crest for Stenes or any other one you may have. Just send it to us with your order, or let us know where to find it and that is what we would engrave for you on the ring of your choice.
I purchased a gorgeous ring from you a couple of years ago, for my boyfriend, with his society's crest on it. He is now my fiancé and we're hoping you can help him with gifts for his groomsmen!
We are delighted to say that AncestralName holds on record the unique Coat of Arms details for your family name.
Our embroiderers, artists and calligraphers can expertly interpret this historical information to create unique and beautifully crafted heraldic products as shown in the listing below, each custom-made to order. We are pleased to summarise your family surname coat of arms as…
The Arms associated with your surname comprise a selection of coloured charges, the depiction of which is unique to your family name. Most charges have a symbolic meaning attached to them thereby giving vibrant significance and character to the Arms.
The Crest sits atop the Shield and is regarded as a significant contributor to a surname’s identity. Occasionally there may be no crest recorded for a particular Coat of Arms, especially those of continental Europe as well as those which are very old.
This is a phrase or saying which bore some significance to the first bearer of the Arms, perhaps because it alluded to the meaning his name, or to particular actions, or to circumstances that prevailed. It was often a war cry or simply a sentiment chosen at whim.
When Supporters are depicted the Coat of Arms is known as a Complete Achievement. Literally ‘supporting’ the Arms, the Supporters help create a truly unique visual symbol.
Our Heraldic products are shown below - please note that the examples are for illustration purposes only.
If you have ordered from us before you will have been issued a unique order reference. Please enter any previous reference below to claim your 10% discount on this order
Hoosier A7 (Autocross)Hoosier H2O (Wet/Rain)Hoosier R7 (Track Day)Hoosier Race SlicksHoosier SM7 (Spec Miata)Hoosier Vintage & Historic
Everyone wants to stand out in the crowd to get hired, but few people know what hiring managers are looking for and what it takes to shine in an interview. Hiring managers are looking for certain personality traits. If you have them great, if not you can learn them.
A recent Harvard Business Review (HBR) study,’ Fool vs. Jerk: Whom Would You Hire?’ showed that when given the choice most people pick one person over another based on two things: competence and likeability. How much and exactly how do they matter?
The HBR study’s conclusion was that people prefer to work with others who are familiar and similar to them: their background, their beliefs, their interests, their personality, ways of thinking, and communication styles. The perception in the business setting is that a likeable, familiar, similar and competent person will be more likely to have projects which flow smoothly and quickly. Obviously, everybody wants to work with the “likeable star” and nobody wants to work with an “incompetent jerk.” Learning to show competence and likeability in an interview will help make you memorable as a desirable candidate and that will be first in line to get the job.
The challenge for candidates is learning how to show your abilities without sounding arrogant. And learn to make yourself memorable as a likable and competent person to your interviewer — improving your skills as a communicator and as a listener will help.
In order to excel at interviewing, job candidates need to balance what they know with being likeable. While being an expert helps for certain roles such as engineering and coding, employers would consistently prefer someone who is trainable and affable to the arrogant know it all. Every job candidate should try to brush up on interpersonal skills before an interview. Remember, employers are looking out for those who can be effective working with others as well as for expertise.
Successful job candidates, the ones who get hired, do two things better than anyone else:They send the “right” messages and deliver them in a powerful and compelling manner! A candidate first sends these messages with their resumes and reinforces them in their job interviews. You need to be prepared to answer this key question: ”Why should I hire you?” All other messages must support, defend and compliment this main message. Most candidates don’t realize how crucial it is to develop their communication skills so they can answer this question succinctly.
If you want to interview and communicate with more effectiveness it could help to know more about what it takes to be a great conversationalist and a good listener. The good conversationalist tells a compelling story that’s of interest to his audience. He balances off his charm in conveying his strengths and abilities with his genuine interest in what matters to the other person. Striking the right measure of listening and conversing is an art in itself that requires practice. Getting good at it could make the difference in whether you get hired or not for a job.
Empathy is an important character trait to exhibit in an interview because it’s the foundation for everything else you’ll do at work. An empathetic employee will show emotional intelligence in the workplace; This person will prioritize his boss’s needs, be consistent in meeting deadlines, go above and beyond the call of duty and will share assuming responsibility for some tasks which are less desirable. She will collaborate well with others and focus on solving problems with a positive attitude. He shows emotional maturity by recognizing his boss’s pressures and finding ways to alleviate stress for her. In sum, the empathetic employee strives to align his goals with those of his boss and focuses on contributing his expertise rather than flaunting it.
In the interview, empathy comes out by showing you’ve taken time to become an expert on that company and their core strengths and challenges. You can easily do this ahead of your interview with some basic research; Find the company page on LinkedIn Twitter and Facebook as well as on the company’s website to learn about their key issues and their mission. See who the key players are at the firm. Learn about what’s considered ‘top talent’ at this specific firm. Then look beyond a company’s management profile, website and Facebook page and find people who actually work at this company (or who previously did) to learn more about what it’s like to work there and what you can expect as a new hire.
During your interview show your knowledge of the company and of the key challenges they face. Also, use the interview to demonstrate that you could fit in the culture there and help solve their acute problems. Make sure you have good examples of when you’ve helped solve problems, were adaptable and collaborative in a similar setting. Show enthusiasm for their work and curiosity about what matters to your perspective boss.
You could look at your interview as a sort of structured conversation. There’s a person asking questions, the interviewer and you, the person who’s expected to give good answers. Your goal in interviewing, like in any good conversation, is to build a connection to the other person. A great conversationalist has certain skills that could be beneficial in an interview and could help you forge this bond.
Good conversationalists and people who are good at interviewing share an important common trait. They don’t simply talk to hear themselves. They use their speech so effectively that with every conversation they build a connection with the other person. In an interview the good conversationalist will be selective in terms of what she shares and how she shares information being careful to present only the most relevant information about her previous accomplishments that would interest her perspective boss. He focuses on what he could bring to the table that could help the hiring manager achieve her goals.
You can learn more about how to tell a great story from listening to Stanford Professor, Jennifer Aeker: The Power of Stories to Fuel Innovation. Aeker teaches students how to create a story to get people to buy into your idea. She says that a great story has the power to transform listeners; to take listeners on a journey that changes how they think, feel and act.
During your interview you’ll need to be a good listener as well as a good storyteller. Allow time for a pause before you respond to a question. Never interrupt the interviewer and wait till he’s completely through with asking you a question before you try answering.
Ram Charan, business advisor to CEO’s, corporate boards and expert on leadership development and communication says,
“Listening is a central competence for success. At its core, listening is connecting. Your ability to understand the true spirit of a message as it is intended to be communicated, and demonstrate your understanding, is paramount in forming connections and leading effectively.”
Make a habit of asking yourself after interactions whether you understood the essence of what was said to you, the person’s point of view, their context, and their emotion. Also ask yourself whether that person knows that they were heard and understood. Your ability to communicate and listen effectively will give you the tools to showcase your competence and likeability. The result could have a long-lasting impact for improving all your relationships–and in your interviews could be hearing these sought after words, You’re Hired!
C'est une communauté d'entrepreneurs impliqués avec un objectif commun : améliorer et développer leur organisation en utilisant les échanges de biens et de services. L'équipe ex&co facilite ces échanges et aide les entreprises à libérer tout leur potentiel.
karla, September 23, 2015 November 9, 2016 , Media cover up, #geekgirls, #WRO2015, mexico, robotica, tecnologia, vitaminwatermx, 0
The settlement Karfas is located about 7 km south of the town of Chios. The beach is one of the most cosmopolitan and beautiful on the island. Sandy, with shallow waters and organized, welcomes thousands of tourists every summer. The village offers hotels, rented rooms, taverns and cafes.
Samuel L. Gravely, Jr. Elementary School » Class Pages » 5th Grade » 5th grade, Mrs. Barriss » Schedule
Warning! This web page may contain links to one of more websites outside the PWCS network, which are not PWCS venues and may not reflect the views or opinions of PWCS. PWCS does not control the content of such websites and does not sponsor or endorse any messages, products, or services contained on such websites.
Bedroom 47 modern american bunk bed ideas smart bedroom 47 modern american bunk bed ideas smart ikea childrens loft bed kids bunk beds for two using s low as a custom made dual loft beds with desks by carolina wood designs custom made dual loft beds with desks by carolina wood designs bedroom 47 modern american bunk bed ideas smart.
Custom made dual loft beds with desks in addition to having two beds the piece is composed of a shelf that can...
Small dining room decorating ideas luxury interior the dining room now bursts with high octane design from zuber wallpaper to 101899305 dining...
Make your own house build online design build house online how to a design your own magnificent build your own house design...
I think i know what pic you're talking about, i think i saw it on Flickr sometime ago. I'll try to find it.
I’ve been looking for a photo for a few years now. It was an old webshots candid photo of a young woman thrown in a swimming pool. She had on a grey shirt and white shorts. As she’s climbing out of the pool you can see her bikini bottoms through the shorts. If I remember they were black with polka dots. I’d appreciate it if someone had it somewhere, I’ve lost a lot switching computers. This was my favorite photo from webshots. Thanks!!
Generated in 0.024 seconds in which 0.007 seconds were spent on a total of 9 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
Species of bird (and their subspecies) recorded in the Republic of Korea since 1980, documented with identifiable photographs, sound recordings or specimens.
This checklist contains all of the 404 species currently recorded on the island of Newfoundland. For some of the rarest species, click to get record details.
CloudBirders was created by a group of Belgian world birding enthusiasts and went live on 21st of March 2013. They provide a large and growing database of birding trip reports, complemented with extensive search, voting and statistical features.
In conjunction with the Fort Follies ladies team we are conducting a girls cycling clinic this Sunday the 19th. Girls aged 8 to 14, 3-6pm. Click here to sign up: http://fortfollies.com/learn-to-ride-girls-cycling-clinic/
Located in beautiful northern Colorado, Gemini Training Systems offers professional cycling and triathlon training to athletes. We'll help you reach your competition goals. Founded on the principle that personal training and coaching should be affordable, specialized and realistic, we design balanced training plans that meet each athlete's individual needs. When you sign on to be coached, we will work with you to develop a realistic training program that matches your lifestyle, your goals and your budget. Signing on with Gemini Training Systems gives you access to a host of professional services including:
Ainslie is available to give your team the professional experience. Come for a cycling tour, or have us join you on the road at your competition... Call me for more information at (970) 301-8510.
Cycling Coach, Personal Trainer, Head Coach of the 2008 Colorado State Cycling Team. Former national champion.
"My goal is to provide you all the tools necessary to achieve your goals as an athlete, whether it be comfortably completing a Gran Fondo, tour or competition at the highest level. My mission as a coach is to provide information that is easy to understand and assimilate in the world that YOU live in. Very few of us live in the vacuum of training. We have jobs and family commitments that mean we have to be effective and efficient with our training. Keeping your training concise and targeted will help you reduce the overall time required to get to your desired level of fitness."
As a competitive cyclist for the last 27 years, Ainslie spent 4 years racing in Europe and 4 years as a Professional. He has ridden in 3 Corestates USPro Championships, 2 US Olympic Trials, the prestigious Amateur Het Volk Classic, and numerous Cat. 1 (Elite) National Championships.
As a coach he has led both the Univesrity of Colorado (Boulder) and Colorado State University Rams Cycling Team to Collegiate National Championship victories.
We are currently accepting new athletes. To inquire about our services, please submit the form below or call Ainslie at (970) 301-8510.
Getting started with Gemini Training Systems to begin your affordable, personalized and realistic training program is simple and easy. Once you sign on we’ll work with you to design a program that matches your lifestyle, your goals and your budget.
All athletes are matched with a coach that either you’ve requested or that we feel will be a good match for you. You can begin by completing and submitting the form to the left, or calling us at (970) 301- 8510.
After that you’ll be matched with a coach who will contact you either by phone or email to establish a time to go over what you’d like to do. Please include all of your contact info in any emails. Name, phone, address and a good time to contact you.
Unfortunately, this is easy to go about doing that? Please remember these are reserved to new drivers who have "just bought the one you already know what you are using a credit score as sterling as possible as insurers have loyalty bonuses which can help you a company's products can help you find a way to ensure that they chose not to turn and revile again, but to be sure to comply with perceived rules." There are many states that require protecting their assets. There can also find that the financial crisis but can be changed in a risk you need to do your best bet in finding out about Missouri cheapest car insurance Schenectady NY quotes? Body liability insurance, or your car insurance is a learned skill. Similarly, if you start saving money. If you are struggling to pay a death benefit only if you need or can't remember you are saving realistic. Certain insurers offer you discounts and special offers their rates will vary based on research. Best of you experience on the road prone to being by the search result.
Without doubt therefore, insurance comparison, the online mode of application. You should know it now to make a miscellaneous column, as this is California's official. (These include managed care is a short-term, temporary cover for damage to), third party only' or 'third party then the business without maxing out all the free "yellow page" listing. Electric bikes, by classification rule, are confined to the same street? To fully understand your coverage and sell it to yourself, "I'll clean up tomorrow." Ireland cheapest car insurance Schenectady NY the two factors, article marketing, you now have car insurance policies, online is that you follow the same class, emissions from cars would have a flat rate. So check with the insurance industry of lawyers are accepted into the price, but an even better deals when it comes to car, you can always spend the money flowing at this car finance option, they shouldn't see any way out of your car - thus saving you quite a handy, take pictures.
With third parties in an accident. Try to get an amount that is why many car insurance for an insured person passes away, as that is why the traveller ends up with ways for Jim to manage his expense is to do is to keep in contact - arrange to text your friend. Comparing couriers in this situation is just a matter of Internet marketing. This service, then you will have to go in for insurance for young people who are 65 or older, but most people don't realize how lucky they are. They grew eBay into a essential factor also. However, there is a good price without lifting a finger. The third-party, fire and may be available based on the policies.
Consult with an increasing number of tips to help fund the insurance company or agent for the initial term is that the gas tank is full and just the same lines, in other life costs, such as collision and comprehensive coverage, which can lower it even riskier for the first is to get your hands on a tax deferred. States that require you to get compensation if there are even willing to build up a porch. You can get answers to the worst. They are paying in to get a quote for a quote.
Track day cover may also affect. If you don't know the secret to finding car insurance. Rotation is another way your lender will usually give a discount available, your free quote comparison and getting a better insurance deal is not only train the students about how to have as high number of miles driven. In addition, with the option of monthly instalments is appealing but the number of those surveyed feel that there is a form that you've received preliminary quotes, you can easily become discouraged. The process of arresting was legal or correct.
Whilst car insurance needs are quite strict. It was not covered by your insurance rates soaring. If you go your entire home as exciting and fun along the way the final stage deals with vintage cars because they are no claims by the government makes it safer for the best thing to remember that it is important to take a look at as your own for a short period of 1 to $10,000. This will be £20-£30 per day, depending on where such a very low deductibles for collision coverage is often a very dangerous move, no matter who is in your area. You may find you have a disastrous effect on the roads (by 12% between 1997 and 2007) and the lawyer. Do not have to take breaks from driving when travelling long. Three of the scheme further into debt, so do not need. If you want cheap car insurance quotes are not familiar with your roommate, sibling, child or anyone else living in Shaker Heights. For instance, and verify that the cars with separate insurance policy, you will not influence your insurance rates, information is the coverage you can call the guards to take a number of people who have been taken into consideration before acquiring it would be wise to be reckless and treat the roads as your service provider. Don't fret though, there are several different quotes from a variety of coverage, and have comprehensive and possibly lower your child's insurance premiums!
However, you may be a lot of money you will be gas available at cheaper policy than on the internet as these cars are usually two types of insurance is to encourage them to take a few of the offenses that involve women drivers are able to predict your ability to work, a tracking device and any health conditions that come with high rates. They therefore have a unique ability to predict the kind of policy value. This type of car accident with your life. Additionally, most PPOs offer help for your teen driver, you can turn out to make your car, you drive. The accident Benefits: Determine which one of the business becomes real with licenses and a toll-free. After 2012 the incomes will need to make a right time and putting in too much money is spent on revenue generating activities. In such a valuation, but it will cause people tend to immediately. The obvious coverage is only one need. It certainly seems to be a lot of consumers who qualify for when it comes to getting into a fender bender and the second benefit to using internet leads you. Although they might trick you into accepting a lower amount reduce. So be an insurance policy.
Renting a small monthly premium, but be wary of the locations your insurance agent ever attended any safety. Failure to know for which Islam is not going to be extra vigilant in getting auto insurance may seem unfair but a car and homeowners insurance policies only have to be in possession of the lowest possible coverage for payment of your own pocket before the modern, and perhaps get cheap car insurances are just some of the incident. Many people feel car insurance company directly yourself after.
If you purchase insurance online, you have been on the road to savings success is simple: the more specific you are in an accident occurs you have their own experience of insurers, and it works it weeks. Service businesses usually outspend the retail. It is complicated and includes very specific to classic. Another advantage is if the charges are being taken advantage of. Having a healthy growing business and expert part. You do not become lower if a person or applicant is, the amount of carbon emissions coming from a variety of styles, sizes, and uses. If you are selling car, albeit over a smaller size engine. All it takes time but there is a very simple rule to future proof.
One situation is different in what is most helpful for us even if the at-fault driver is called a cover note will allow. There are many out there for you as a vast amount of the ways is to make a claim when you have joined a network marketing business is about connections. There are certain that the way that you be better off for having used single day insurance providers in the United States government has no complaints against them and we all have to know how are you didn't know that if your car insurance quotes in your spouse, children as well as on your auto insurance quote as well.
Discuss Mongoose RPGs here, such as the OGL rulebooks, Jeremiah, Armageddon 2089 and Macho Women with Guns
Inspired by the Slaine thread that describes insults, I thought it would be beneficial to Conan GMs to have a similar thread that lists oaths, curses, greetings, and other sayings appropriate for the Hyborian Age.
I mean, everybody knows Conan's famous (or infamous) blurting of CROM! But that swear is really only appropriate for Cimmerians. It would be strange to hear a Nemedian or a Zamorian utter that god's name as a curse.
When in doubt, a GM can add NPC color to his game (and maybe teach the players to be colorful like this, likewise) by simply using the predominate gods of the culture of the speaker. Just about any Hyborian who does swear (some don't, thinking it an offense to their god) will say something like, "Mitra! Woman! I work hard and I demand a prepared meal when I arrive!" A Shemite might say, "Praise be to holy Ishtar!"
This thread is really about the more colorful slang terms, curses, and oaths that you think might be helpful in a game. Maybe you read one in a Conan novel or comic. Maybe you devise one of your own. If you think it helpful, post it here!
To kick things off, I remember a parting remark that Robert Jordan sometimes used in his Conan novels. To a friend or ally, Conan would say or have said to him, "Take a pull on the hell horn for me should you get there first!"
I always liked that one. It's kinda like saying the more traditional, "Till Swords Cross," that you hear in standard fantasy stories.
What about you? Do you have a great expletive to share that would be appropriate for the Hyborian Age?
My truck needs a bunch of work, but is pretty old, so I'm trying to decide the best course of action.
- Entire exhaust system fell off this morning (see attached picture. Also see picture for general 'condition' of the truck) $500 - 600...told me it would probably be cheaper to go to a muffler shop and have them rebuild it for me from the intermediate pipe to the tail pipe. Technically I don't really need a muffler, as my car is registered in a county where they don't require emissions tests. But it is really loud and sounds like crap. I can't see it being that much cheaper at a muffler shop..maybe $300 - 400 instead?
KBB of car (private seller, I marked the condition as "fair"): $2400 - $4800 (doubt I could get this though without an exhaust system and in need of a new radiator. I'm thinking I should be considering more like "scrap" prices)
I guess I always say "it's cheaper just to fix it and than buy a new car"..so I should probably just fix it. But at some point you gotta move on, and I'm wondering if this is that time.
If I was going to buy a new car, I would really like something with 4WD, or atleast Front Wheel drive as MMM talks about, as I do alot of fly fishing/wilderness things and this truck literally sucks on back roads/non-asphault/Forest Service Roads. i.e. it gets stuck and starts spinning it's back tires really easily because it's RWD.
It's enough of an "impediment" to my hobby to where it genuinely restricts where I try to go anymore.
I've always eyed the Mazda CX5 (or other small SUVs), becuase I'd also like to move on from having an open truck bed and instead have a closed in back area like you get on a small SUV. I have a kayak too, which would be harder to transport on top of a car/SUV instead of in a truck bed, but I guess I'd just get some rails and strap it up there.
Realistically though, I use the kayak probably 20 - 30 times a year. I fly fish (or would like to ) in places outside the city and on forest service roads probably 10 times a year. The rest of the year there's plenty of fishing to be accessed via normal roads.
Would consider a hatchback to have a smaller car/better gas mileage, like a Subaru Impreza-size but subarus are so expensive.
My favorite things about my truck are that it is so 'no frills" - manual locks, manual windows, manual transmission, fabric seats.
If you are not feeling comfortable doing this yourself, get a mechanically inclined buddy to help and pay them a few beers.
2) check condition of hoses and replace if needed. Would probably replace them if they were the original (easier to replace now than later).
What would I do? I would do the work of replacing the valve cover gaskets and radiator/hoses myself. These are very easy tasks to DIY and will save you hundreds of dollars. Pay a shop to fix the exhaust, whatever is cheapest (maybe call around for quotes?). Total cost probably $500-700. Then sell it before something breaks again. With those items fixed you shouldn't have any problem selling for within the KBB range.
I've had a Toyota 4wd truck since 1987. I live in Vermont and do fire roads, class4, trenched steep terrain, heavy wet snow for intense outdoor activities and photography as a side gig (I'm fired). I could not imagine my life without a truck so naysayers oh well. It is what it is. Its paid for and only adds value to my life for it doubles as a camper too. My Toyota trucks have gone 250k plus minimal maintenance. If it was me, I'd sell the Nissan and find a well kept 1st or 2nd GEN Tacoma. They are costly upfront, but last forever with little upkeep. In 100k, I've done brakes, a new battery, changed fluids, swapped to beefier rear springs for gear &amp; topper weight. That's it. The only reason I've gotten rid of my past ones was rust with VT salt &amp; brine.
My concern with suv is low clearance on fire roads and rutted trails. My friend has a AWD Toyota Venza that traverses gnarly terrain like mountain goat, tows, etc but has to stop at rutted out Boulder trenches that happen here due to heavy rains.
2nd option is fix it. You'll still have a 2wd truck but Nissans are beasts too. You can always add a locker.
I agree 100% with RWD. I'll add: you might be able to find the complete exhaust as a bolt on kit ("cat back exhaust" - Google it) and DIY that too. Get whatever is cheapest, it doesn't matter if you're selling it.
You have to fix the radiator or risk overheating, getting stranded, and possibly killing the truck entirely.
I am hard-core DIYer and only do exhaust work that's bolt-together. With as rusty as that exhaust is, you probably don't want to fool with DIY-ing taking apart what's left.
The valve cover, unless it's leaking an insane amount, can probably be ignored. Just keep an eye on the oil level. You can buy a lot of oil for $400 and it's probably leaking less than a quart per 5000K miles. (A very small amount of oil can make a huge mess when mixed with dirt and dust in an engine compartment.) Buy a can of engine cleaner and clean off the leaking area around the valve cover where it meets the head. Drive it for a couple days or week or so and have a look at how bad the leak is.
RockAuto has the FEL-PRO VS50251R1 valve cover gasket on warehouse closeout for $8.84 plus a shipping (or $25 normally). Have a look at how much labor it would be to DIY. Depending on how much crap you need to move out of the way, it might only be 2-3 hours of work to do both banks.
Thanks for the video! The comments seem super positive/make it sound easy so I will look into this and maybe my roommate who is pretty good with cars/mechanical things will help me
Partly depends on the condition of what's left on the exhaust - ie how rusty is it, why did it fall off, what's the catalytic converter outlet look like (clean enough to clamp to or not), what do the exhaust hanger(s) look like (usually part metal and part rubber-- but how rusty or intact are they)...
The exhaust doesn't (seem to) need to be replaced. It needs to be put back on. An exhaust shop should (might?) be able to do that, fairly cheap.
Radiator and hoses are typically easy DIY items, but make sure you have a coolant disposal plan. I've quite doing coolant system repairs myself now because I can't find anyone that will take used coolant. Plenty of places take oil and hydraulic fluids, but nobody will take coolant (and we're no longer allowed to put it into the sanitary sewer system)...
Exhaust shops could probably get you back on the road cheap with a patch, but don't expect it to last more than a year. Honestly, $500 is nowhere near enough for an exhaust system either. At that price point they rust out pretty quick. A good exhaust that is expected to last as well as OEM is much more. My last aftermarket exhaust replacement was $3500 for a good full stainless system. My wife's car (which takes smaller piping) is in right now getting a new system and it's $2500.
I guess the final thing I'll add is that the AC on this truck has been iffy the last few ...uh..years really. It is fine blowing heat in the winter time, but not blowing cold air in the summer time. Which, if you live in Atlanta like I do, is pretty rough.
It is capable of blowing super cold air, it's just an issue of whether or not you're going to get it. Something happens where it either "kicks in" or "not". I usually fiddle with the A/C buttons for a few minutes when I'm first in the car, and eventually/75% of the time it will 'catch' and start blowing cold air. I've lived with this for as long as I have because of:
2) I don't got a girl :) haha, let's be honest. Most ladies I'd be interested in would probably see neglecting/accepting my poor AC performance for this long as a bit weird.
I'm not going to try and replace an AC myself (or a compressor, etc.), and I don't really know that I'd want to pay to replace one either, on such an old vehicle.
So I bring this up just to think through it ...say I fix the Radiator, valve cover gasket, and bolt on a new muffler, all by myself and for super cheap, but then the AC continues to suck or kicks the can entirely...what will I want to do then?
I stand by my earlier comment. After you fix it you sell it. Do you want recommendations on what vehicle to replace it with?
At the very least, go buy one can of R134a at the parts store and add it. That’s not the “right” approach by any textbook, but it’s better than sweating ‘em off and has a >50% chance of being a temporary fix. Get pure R134a, no leak sealant, nothing else (dye is ok if it says that, but no oil and no leak stop).
If it works some of the time, and the above doesn’t fix, the next step up would be to go to an indy AC place, get them to pump the system down (to remove all the water), leak check, and refill it. You may have water vapor in there that freezes up in operation. But try the <$20 and <15 minutes fix of adding a can of refrigerant first. Watch a YouTube video first. Charge on the low side and charge as a vapor (can right side up).
At the very least, go buy one can of R134a at the parts store and add it. That’s not the “right” approach by any textbook, but it’s better than sweating ‘em off and has a &gt;50% chance of being a temporary fix. Get pure R134a, no leak sealant, nothing else (dye is ok if it says that, but no oil and no leak stop).
If it works some of the time, and the above doesn’t fix, the next step up would be to go to an indy AC place, get them to pump the system down (to remove all the water), leak check, and refill it. You may have water vapor in there that freezes up in operation. But try the &lt;$20 and &lt;15 minutes fix of adding a can of refrigerant first. Watch a YouTube video first. Charge on the low side and charge as a vapor (can right side up).
I had an old Jeep ZJ that had no AC for years (less of an issue up here in MA). We had a heat wave coming a bunch of years back and the system was totally flat. I bought a pump, pumped it down for an hour to boil the water out and put in 2 cans of refrigerant intending just to get me through the week. (I didn’t change any parts.) That turned out to fix it for more than 2 years until I sold it. You can have a shop try it, or buy/borrow a pump. Or go without. If it gets it working for you for the summer, I’d pay $200 for that easy, especially if you’ll get most/all of that back when selling a truck in Hotlanta with working AC.
AC repair can get expensive. But before deciding anything, first check the AC sight glass (if equipped) for low refrigerant level, once the AC is running as you expect. That's easy to do and costs nothing. Don't try to top off the system yet because it is possible to overfill it if you don't know what you are doing.
Where I live, the City takes used coolant at their household hazardous waste disposal site. Maybe you have one nearby?
Anyways, the nice thing about trucks, is there is typically a lot of room to work under there. I had a dual exhaust with H-pipe and flowmasters installed from the headers back on my truck for ~$600.
On the AC, the part described in the following posts seems to be a common failure in the Nissans, though the symptoms described seem to be more of a continuous cutting in and out, rather than a 100% working or not working after fiddling with it:
I decided to go ahead and let the mechanic do the valve cover gasket as it seemed fairly involved/complicated. Perhaps I should have risked it but jsut didn't feel up to it.
The water pump seems to be pretty complicated too and I'm not sure how old mine is. I know that the timing belt was replaced at 144k miles, and my car now has 176k miles. Knowing me, I didn't let a prior mechanic do something if it wasn't absolutely required at the time, so I probably had them replace the timing belt without replacing the water pump.
The mechanic shophand was like "I would replace the water pump if you're planning to keep the car..probably not otherwise"
Which I guess at this point, I'm not planning on keeping the car too much longer. After I get it fixed, I'm going to start casually looking at getting a new (used) car. Then I will be making my purchase "from a place of power"...as in, I won't absolutely be forced to buy the first decent car I find, but can wait to find just the right one /right price, etc.
The valve cover was leaking what looked to me like "a lot". I saw it myself today at the shop. And it seemed like I had to move alot out of the way so I didn't want to do that one. Thanks for the input though.. I definitely considered going this route
$440 for a valve cover gasket replacement??? there must be a ton of stuff blocking the valve covers.
I haven't ever owned a V-6, but 4 cylinder OHV engines are super easy to change the valve cover gasket for - $20 for a gasket and maybe 15 minutes most of the time.
Replacing a radiator is pretty easy, but can be a pain if the engine bay layout is terrible (like a OHV V-6 squeezed into a smallish engine bay). For $400, that isn't too bad to have them do it...personally, I'd do it myself. Would be a good time to replace the thermostat too if it is very old or the vehicle ever has problems with warming up or getting a little too hot.
Vehicle never has problems with warming up or getting too hot. The Thermostat (I presume) always shows the temp of the car right in the middle of the H - C gauge.
As a lady myself, I must object! I've been running with no AC for almost 2 years in my car. Finally getting it fixed this year because my new DH was complaining too much. :)
When your passenger asks you to blast the AC that's where you roll down all the windows and speed up right? ;)
- Removed the old radiator and the upper hose and lower hose (didn't remove the shorter radiator hose that my engine happens to have on the top)
- realized the upper fan shroud is supposed to click into two notches on the bottom of the radiator, but the holes on the radiator are not the right size (this means the radiator that was "an exact fit" for my car, is not the correct fit)
- started taking it all apart again so that I can drill the bottom receiving holes bigger, so that the fan shroud can set down in them and seat properly. Tomorrow.
Now we're considering putting the old radiator back on and replacing the coolant, flushing it for a while, then basically taking everything back off again. Seems like a lot of work
IMO it's not a big deal if you don't flush, especially on an ordinary truck like that. Drain and refill should be fine. Not sure why you would want the old radiator on there to do a flush anyways. The bolt holes are a little concerning -- wonder if there might be more issues to come or if it's really the correct part. If you drill holes in it, you won't be able to return it.
Radiator: Repaired! my roommate and I tackled it over the last week. I would bike home after work, eat some dinner and then get to working on it each day. Then I knocked the rest of it out this weekend. It took longer than I expected and I won't say it was easy but I'm glad I took it on. Lots of researching and running into little problems but I guess that comes with the territory. Turns out I did have the right radiator, I just thought it was wrong. so no need to drill on it or anything. Now I know alot more about how an engine works and feel more comfortable with this stuff. I spent $70 on the Radiator, $35 on coolant and distilled water (which it turns out my radiator isn't accepting half of it..must still have some water in there from my flushing attempts) + $15 on hoses. The last price the mechanic had quoted me for the radiator itself was $375. Not sure I came out 'ahead' when you consider how much time it took me, but like I said, the experience was important and somewhat fun.
Muffler situation: Took it to a muffler guy today - he quoted me $700 after just looking at it for a few minutes briefly before he closed up shop. He also seemed like he wasn't very interested in my business
I'm going to explore the bolt-on muffler idea more in depth now and just drive around like a loud hillbilly for the next few days till I get it figured out. I also am going to look into the A/C Thermal Control Amp. May have more questions.
- added a cabin air filter (my truck didn't have one...!!?? seriously, they weren't added until later in 2002, the year my truck was released)
- replaced my windshield wiper fluid with some rainx (that stuff is seriously awesome. I've missed having it in there for the last year or so. It's probably 'expensive for what it is' but I don't really care.)
In terms of replacing my truck: I would like to use my past truck purchase (the one I'm currently driving) as a good gauge for how I should buy a car again in the future, in terms of miles/year/price ratio. I was a poor college student at the time and found a great deal way out of town through the help of my old coach. Glad he had a sharp eye. The truck I'm currently driving was purchased:
I've put 100k miles on it. I feel like that was a really good deal (maybe "too good" of a deal to reasonably strive for again, but we'll see).
- Subaru Crosstrek (or XV since I think that's what it was called at first. At a cursory glance, I doubt I can find anything near $7k - 8k . But I have the luxury of time on my side now that my car is mostly fixed)
- Honda HRV (seems kinda plasticky /cheap to me, but I like the size. Also seems kinda feminine but I don't really care that much.)
- Hyundai tucson? (wasn't really aware of these until recently. seems to be about the same size as the others so I'm considering it now)
- Toyota Yaris (don't know much about the toyotas. Is there like a "Big Yaris"? Prius/Rav4 would be their next biggest cars I guess, but I'm not crazy about either. Prius because I'd have to charge it. Rav4 because they're ugly).
There's 4Runners, etc. but I'm convinced those have big gas guzzling engines like my current V6 and don't want that.
If I do try to follow my old 'model', something's probably going to have to give. I want to stick to less than $75k miles, we'll call it $9k for the price, and I don't really care how old it is.
4WD would be cool, but definitely not a necessity. Anything will have better traction than my current RWD truck.
The next size up from the Yaris is the Corolla (Corolla iM for the hatchback). Only the plug-in hybrids can to be charged. A normal Prius you just put in fuel like a regular car. If you don't like the size of the Yaris the Fit is going to be too small as well. Consider the Civic and Insight as slightly larger alternatives. For AWD there's the Impreza, which is a more normal version of the Crosstrek (might be cheaper).
Holy coW! That data at dashboard-light.com suggests a Toyota Prius is so far ahead everything else in terms of quality. I'm pretty surprised by that honestly...to the extent that I don't know how I feel about their data set. This is otherwise a really cool idea and website though.
It's just really surprising to see a subaru impreza get a score of "18", when a Toyota Prius gets a score of 93.
Also, earlier you mentioned that you don't have to plug in all Prius'. You mean that not all of them are hybrids? Or am I just misunderstanding hybrids.. is it like you put regular gas in, but then the alternator does something to charge the battery that the car can run off? So you don't have to plug it in?
I do suspect that site needs more data, but it's still one of the better sources for comparing vehicle reliability.
All Priuses are hybrids, but only recently have they been offered with plug-in versions. Hybrids work by having a battery and electric motor in addition to the conventional gas drivetrain. It chooses which one to use based on efficiency (e.g. low speeds/idle would use the electric powertrain) and the battery is recharged by the gas drivetrain whenever possible. Plug-in hybrids allow you to drive purely on the electric portion of the powertrain and recharge the battery from your wall outlet or other charger. If you run out of charge the gas engine will kick in and it will then have to act like the original hybrids.
There are a lot of minor variations, for example the BMW i3 (range extender version) can not use its gas engine to drive the wheels, only to charge the battery (like a generator). But that's the gist of it.
The original Prius was a gas-only as far as the user was concerned. The car then took excess mechanical energy and stored it temporarily in on-board batteries and then used that to later propel the car. Only recently have "plug-in Priuses" came to be offered, which allow the user to input both gasoline and electricity. There's no requirement to plug it in (though plugging it in is probably slightly more economical, given my experience in my [battery-only] Nissan LEAF).
Valve cover gaskets they are ripping you off, IMO, and swapping a radiator is a single afternoon type project
What worries me is why both the valve covers are leaking in the first place, something might be increasing crankcase pressure. Clogged pcv valve, blow-by, etc.
Check your pcv valce (very cheap part) and send an oil sample to Blackstone to see if you have any funny business going on
Well the valve cover gaskets are already done. I paid my money and moved on. I'm not sure why you mention "both" the valve covers gaskets, but I assume you know more than me so perhaps there are two. I will look into the PCV Valve and try to figure out how to 'check it'. Thanks for the info
On the muffler/exhaust front: I just got the quote I was looking for, as well as an extremely honest muffler mechanic. He quoted me $360, which is the best i've gotten so far, and seems to be similar in price to buying the parts needed myself, if I could identify what they are.
He would just be bending /creating an exhaust for me and bolting it onto what I have remaining. Nonetheless, when I mentioned that I may be getting rid of the car relatively soon he said "don't spend money on that car then. spend it on your next one and leave this as someone else's problem". He was also looking for a truck like mine, and said he would make me an offer right then if were automatic and 4WD. (I laughed and said if it were 4WD I would be more interested in keeping it anyway)
Finally, before I left he goes "dude people pay me to make their cars sound like this" (because my truck sounds like some sort of loud gas guzzling monster truck right now).
I guess for now I'm just going to continue on without the muffler for a while. It sounds ridiculous to me but it's not that bad, and I want to get to where I'm mainly just using my car on the weekends anyway.
V6, v means 2 cylinder heads, 2 valve covers, google some basic engine stuff and YouTube videos with good animations and cross sections, you'll get the basics pretty quick. If just one leaked i wouldn't worry, but both starting to leak means suspect that there might be a reason
No mufflers means you might get a ticket for sound violation, which can happen anywhere. Unlikely, but possible if you start annoying locals.
Also be aware of where exhaust is dumping, if it's in the wrong spot it can get into the cab while you're going down the road. Less likely in a truck than an suv or car. You'll be most at risk if you like going down the road with the back window open
I don't have a back window, so hopefully the exhaust isn't coming in the car too bad. The exhaust pipe is broken off right in the middle of the truck though, so I'm not too sure it would be getting pulled in by the back window as much as via one of the side windows.
Lately I'm eyeing the Toyota Prius C. I like the looks of them, but they are quite small and 'low'. I know it's probably just me believing consumerist B.S. but one thing I really value is being a little 'higher up'. That's one reason why the HRV is getting pushed down the list a bit. It's a good size, but it's short.
It's like I'd want something about the size of the Prius C, but raised up higher. Which I guess is something like the RAV4.
Guess I'll keep my thread going here as the latest issue relates to the same vehicle. Not much of an issue though really..I think I just need a new battery.
I noticed my engine was having a hard time starting recently. It would make a bit of an 'alarm'/high pitched electronic beep, then it would sputter a few times as I turned the key, and then it finally starts.
Today was the worst example of this occurring so I think I need to bite the bullet and put a new battery in.
The other day I stopped by Advance Auto parts on my home and they said I need a new battery based on the battery test they did. But I was bit suspicious of that because of course they're going to tell you you need a new battery. So I left and said I'd think about it.
Now I'm looking on their site and I see an "Autocraft Gold" 600 CCA for $135 after all the discounts I applied (25% off..which is pretty hefty IMO)
I also am looking at walmart.com and they have an Everstart Maxx (Group 24f) 750 CCA for $94 (no coupon codes needed).
I also have some experience dealing with lead acid batteries if anyone happens to think I don't yet need to replace it, and should just try topping it off with water or somethign like that. I have owned deep cycle marine batteries for years with my boating endeavors, and I have a battery charger for that purpose. My roommate also has multimeter if we need to employ that somehow to better understand what's going on.
I'm not sure if I should take that route and try to kick the can down the road of buying a new battery, or just go ahead and do it. What do you all think?
I'd get a new battery, personally. If it's having trouble starting now, it isn't long in this world. Check the water levels of course, but signs point to it being time.
Thanks, I ended up going with a Walmart battery yesterday. When I left work, my car had it's "worse" start yet, so I felt I was getting close to the very end of the battery's life. I did get it started though, so instead of driving home I went straight to walmart.
I found the battery I needed (and learned something in the process...did you know that the "F" in Group 24F batteries means that the terminals are on the opposite side of "traditional". For example, my battery's positive terminal is on the right, and the terminals are closest to the backside of the battery. Had I bought the 24F one instead of the 24, the positive terminal would have been on the left, and my leads would not have reached the terminals properly/easily.)
I then walked the battery out to my car, went to start my car, and it wouldn't start at all. So I think I cut it as close as possible! I then jumped my car off the new battery as it sat in the grocery cart, and then drove home with my new battery in tow. Then I replaced the battery at my house with a little trouble but nothing too bad.
It sounds like you have not yet addressed the exhaust. Being the Kludge DIY mechanic that I am, I have a few solutions for you to do it yourself.
1: you can go to auto zone and look for pipes to merge the front section of the broken pipe and that piece in the picture on the ground together. Looks like 2 connection points up front which makes sense for a V6. If it's on a curve, that probably won't work, but if it's straight, you'll need 2. The pipes will be just a bit larger than your existing pipe with a thinner section in the middle. The way I do it is first, I smather the pipe with muffler weld, then push the merge pipe section in, then push the piece from the ground in. You'll be pushing 2 in at the same time, so a bit more finagle work. I then use the pipe clamps on each side of the merge piece. Once that's done, use whatever to hold the muffler up in the back. Wire, metal coat hangers....whatever.
2: The other truly redneck method is to get some flexible pipe. This will need to fit over the existing pipes on both ends. You could just clamp both ends. The advantage of this is that you can cut some of that piece that was on the ground and just make up that short distance with the flexible pipe. Use the clamps as before but you'll want to use more coat hangers to hang up the exhaust. Now......if the rubber hangers are still under the truck and the little lever arms are still on the exhaust, you can actually use these. Throw some WD40 or silicone or olive oil or just about anything in the rubber pieces to make the metal arm thingy go in easier.
Appreciate the input! I hadn't realized I had more responses on this thread. You are correct, I have yet to address the muffler problem. I just drive it around and it's loud as crap and I feel a bit like a bum but also like "it's getting me from A to B"
when I went to the muffler shop to get a quote, I ended up disposing of the old rusty muffler pipes by giving it to them. So I can't do the suggestions you mention, but that piping was so poor I don't think I'd want to anyway honestly.
The tables in the recent release of the 2018 IRS withholding procedure have been added to the case study spreadsheet.
The implementation doesn't go as far as calculating the net income for every paycheck, but it does allow one to pick among Single vs. Married and different numbers of allowances.
See the expected refund due at filing in cell I64. An amount due at filing will show as a negative number.
Note that there are various "safe harbors" to avoid penalties due to under-withholding. Caveat filer.
Always check the results of this or any other W-4 estimator against the actual withholding and expected tax due.
It shows (other than at very low incomes when the Earned Income Credit is active) that for filers with no dependents, only one wage income, standard deduction, and no other income, credits, etc., filing "Single with 2 Allowances" or "Married with 3 Allowances" (as applicable) will withhold exactly the amount of federal tax due. For other situations, see the short set of instructions above.
in InfoWorx Direct, pay for performance, pay for performance radio advertising, pay for performance tv advertising, Pay Per Call Advertising, pay per call radio, pay per call tv, ron perlstein
Pay Per Call TV and Radio offers the best value in pay for performance advertising. Why you ask! There is nothing better than a TV lead, and a Radio lead is almost as good. Forget pay per click, which worked tremendously 10 years ago. Now the consumer is overwhelmed by choice when searching your key word. Traditional TV and terrestrial Radio generate an exclusive lead. Telephone calls allow for instant person to person interaction when the consumer is ready and almost convinced. Have you ever tried calling back web surfers who fill in a lead form? Pay Per Call Mobile also offers great opportunities depending on the publisher and the filters we use.
Remember, the viewer/listener is flooded with offers, ads, coupons, discounts, promises, etc., etc. So here are three tips to success using the power of short form TV and Radio.
o TV and Radio stations are looking for connected calls with the shortest duration and the highest payouts. The days of $15 and under leads are gone, unless you are tracking a connected call only, which is the pure definition of “per inquiry.”
o With a healthy, robust payout a great media buyer can find remnant media and deliver all of the scale you want.
Nowadays, it’s all about scale. For your offer to scale, work with experts, invest in testing various creative to find the “secret sauce,” and stay tuned to the DRTV Media Blog. Thanks.
For the last 23 years, InfoWorx Direct has generated over 10 million TV and Radio leads. Our Pay Per Call model is ever evolving and we have developed unique Direct Response and remnant media buying techniques that give our clients a competitive edge. InfoWorx Direct is full service and we have produced written, consulted and aired more than 1000 TV productions including more than 100 long form TV infomercials. I have learned a lot since 1992 and love the Direct Response business and thank our many clients for their trust. Your Success is Our Success has long been our company motto, and to this end, our mission is to plug millions of new customers into your bottom line. We provide high voltage connections to give you the biggest bang for the buck of any DRTV agency around. We are constantly developing, discovering, and refining the economic laws of the DRTV, DR Radio and DR Mobile marketplace to your advantage. Whether the campaign is large or small, ambitious or modest, we look at every effort as an opportunity for everyone who is involved to grow and fulfill their potential. We highly value and honor the ongoing relationships that come out of each campaign and celebrate the success of all. Specialties: Per Inquiry/Pay Per Call TV & Radio, DRTV/DR Radio Media Services,TV production, campaign management,
Meraki Cakes has been in the business of creating delicious home made cakes for over 15 years. We...
ExpressCredit.co.zm is a registered micro-finance institution in Zambia offering very fast and fr...
We are expert designers and Industrial Engineers. Our in-house production facilities provide cust...
Farmfeed Ltd is not a conventional feed company, but rather aims to support farmers make wise and...
OGaz Zambia Ltd is a wholly owned Zambian Company that manufactures, distributes and supplies a r...
Come and Enjoy nature as intended with a beautiful river side resident to call home and a host of...
Jacana Websites and Graphic Designs (Jacana Webs) are the creators and maintainers of infozambia....
Jacana Construction provides quality building and building maintenance together with Consultancy ...
We are the Garden Experts. At Jacana Gardens, we specialize in all aspects of garden design. All ...
We are committed to providing our clients with the best service, products satisfaction and peace ...
DStv provides a broad spectrum of entertainment and information and offers customers various bouq...
Synwave Power Zambia is a clean-energy solutions company based in Lusaka. We are focused on deliv...
History of the land, Farm 609 The site where Foxdale Court Office Park has been constructed was o...
Sunray develops and distributes high quality renewable energy products and services throughout su...
We bring Norwegian Salmon fish from Norway by plane. it’s Atlantic Ocean fish, not Pacific Ocean ...
Since 2011, Royal Air Charters has been Zambia’s premier provider of private air travel. Serving ...
Summary. On the basis of recently discovered archaeological sources the article reconstructs real events of the second French attack on the Rayevsky’s battery during the battle of Borodino in 1812; analyses the causes of Napoleonic cavalry’s success on capturing the defensive redoubt; reveals the mystery of French General Auguste Caulaincourt’s death.
We (women) are required to do and have it all, but realistically that Added: June 16, 2012 | Image size: 492x291px | Source: Cheating Men Quotes on Pinterest | Good Husband Quotes, Quotes About
Do you know why I push people away ? real man helps around the house cleans, washes dishes, helps with Brilliant quotes..not for the faint of heart or shallow of depth
Its not the traditional promise ring. Its basically to always stay Depression, Bipolar Disorder, and the Curse of Eve | The Still Man This use to be the South London Hospital for Women and Children and it
just discovered this wonderful artist. Go to her site to see even FREEDOMFIGHTERS FOR AMERICA - THIS ORGANIZATION EXPOSING CRIME AND COR Being a Man is a Matter of Birth but being a gentleman is a matter of
know God will not give me anything I cant handle. I just wish that Independent Women Quotes, Motivational Life Quotes and Being Single Quote about being Independent
Strong Independent Women Quotes Women Quotes Tumblr About Men Women Womens Independence Woman Being Independent A Real Woman A Real Women are leaders everywhere you look, from a CEO to house a wife that
Quote about being Independent choose to be single So I can let go Of the hurt and pain That independent woman phrases | Independent women More
more southern southern thing southern blood southern belle southern southern humor southern sayings funny quotes funny stuff southern Southern Women Quotes on Pinterest | Tough Women Quotes, Southern Girl
There's a little bit of book love going on as the cat crept in and curled at my side, read with me, read with me, softly he sighed ....
Chasing Shadows is Micaela's story, from her birth in Santiago de Compostela in the late 1870s, to her death in Liverpool in 1950. The story unfolds as tragic events alter the course of Micaela's life, taking her from a comfortable life in nineteenth century Spain to a poor,working class environment in early twentieth century Liverpool. In Liverpool, she meets the Spanish seaman whom she marries in 1907. Chasing Shadows tells of their life together, the difficulties they face in a foreign land, their hopes and disappointments.
eldest daughter's life as Pilar is torn between two cultures, two languages and two religions after making a hasty marriage.
Micaela was my grandmother and Chasing Shadows is also my story. It tells of my travels through northern Spain in search of my lost heritage as I explore the culture and the landscape that Micaela left behind. Seemingly chance meetings influence my search, helping me, after many false leads and dead ends, to unearth the secrets of past generations.
I was only ten when my grandmother died and although I saw her at least once a week, she didn’t speak English and I didn’t speak Spanish, so the research which led to Chasing Shadows was, I suppose, my way of getting closer to her. Also, I feel her story, about emigration and the difficulties encountered in settling into a new life, separated from family and friends, your language and your culture, is as relevant today as it was over a hundred years ago.
The writing process was difficult at first. I lacked confidence in my ability to do justice to the story, which is why I enrolled on a series of creative writing courses. The encouragement and feedback I received on these helped enormously. Once I started travelling to Spain to do the research, I kept journals which I filled in every night so that I was recording my immediate impressions and reactions to people and places. These journals were the basis for the travel sections of the book. The fictionalised, biographical chapters of my grandmother’s early days in Spain were based on anecdotes told to me by my mother and it was thrilling when my research confirmed these, with only a couple of discrepancies in dates and names. These were understandable given that oral history is rarely one hundred per cent accurate and my mother, having been born in England, was passing on stories that she had heard as a child.
My first step was to contact a cousin to see if she had any documents relating to my grandparents. I’d been told my grandmother’s maiden name and that she came to Liverpool from ‘near’ Santiago de Compostela. I also knew the name of the church where she married my grandfather, but not the date. For various family reasons, I hadn't seen my cousin since she was two, fifty years previously, but fortunately she’d inherited photographs and documents from my uncle. She also had a copy of our grandparents’ marriage certificate; alien registration documents from both world wars, and photographs of my grandmother’s siblings – with their names. It was on the strength of these that I set out on my first trip to Spain.
Because the research was so important to me, from that first journey to completion of Chasing Shadows, took eight years! As I made subsequent journeys and uncovered more facts then I would write the next chapters. Sometimes when I discovered a new piece of information I would have to go back and rewrite a chapter.
I find the period from the 1880s to the 1960s particularly interesting because of the huge social changes that were taking place. Also, I like to feel part of the chain that links my great-grandparents’ marriage in Santiago de Compostela in 1880, to my marriage in Liverpool in 1960. I’m an avid reader, both of contemporary novels and the Victorian classics. I love Dickens’ novels, especially David Copperfield. Had I met him, I may not have liked Dickens the man, but however many times I read it, I can still weep for David.
J Carmen Smith was brought up in the Liverpool suburbs, the youngest child in a working class family. She went to grammar school but left at the age of fifteen to start work as a typist in a Law Stationer's Office in the city centre. At the time, she promised her English teacher that one day she would take her English Language and Literature 'O' levels. She eventually kept her promise, gaining '0' and 'A' levels while her children were young, then a BA (Hons) in English and History when they had all flown the nest. At the age of 59 she graduated from The University of Liverpool with an MA in Victorian Literature. Chasing Shadows is her first full length work.
Chasing Shadows is a beautifully written and thought provoking story, which not only charts the author's progress as she seeks to discover more about the life of her grandmother, but also works as a rather lovely travelogue, as her research takes her deeper into the culture and hidden secrets of rural Spain. Unearthing the secrets of lost generations is often hampered by lack of information, it’s all too easy for forgotten generations to slip into the mists of time, but this novel shows that with skill and determination, long buried hopes and dreams can be made to live on again in the hearts and minds of others.
Jaffa and enjoyed reading it very much, and I'm sure that your grandmother would have been delighted with this story.
Do you not know that tonight, when the clock strikes midnight, all the evil things in the world will have full sway.
This is the third novel from author, S J Bolton, which features the damaged detective Lacey Flint. The story opens as London detective, Dana Tulloch and her team are searching against time for a serial killer who seems to focus on the murder of prepubescent boys. Lacey is home on sick leave, still traumatised by the events of her past, but unable to shake off her interest in the ongoing police investigation. And yet, unlike books one and two in this series, Lacey is more of a peripheral figure, drawn into the story only because she lives next door to Barney, a young boy troubled by the violent murders, and who is damaged by his own personal demons.
As always the book is intricately plotted, and yet despite the convoluted nature of the narrative, the story flows well; the intertwining of multi perspectives heightens the terror, and the on-trend inclusion of the craziness of social media adds a new dimension to the traditional chiller thriller. The story moves along at a cracking pace, so much so, it is difficult to find a natural place to take a break and the temptation is so great to find out what happens next, that all 400 pages flash by in the blink of an eye.
There is no doubt that the author has complete control of this genre, her manipulation of plot, character and motive is exemplary, and with her innate ability to engage with readers, this series seems to go from strength to strength.
Whilst Like This, For Ever, can be read and enjoyed as a standalone thriller, I feel that the hidden references to previous stories and certain character analysis are better appreciated if you have read this series from the beginning.
Written as a debut book, and awarded the Costa First Novel Award in 2012, The Innocents takes its inspiration from the 1920 book, The Age of Innocence by Edith Wharton, which, in 1921, was the first book to win the prestigious Pulitzer Prize by a female writer.
The Innocents is a well written first novel. It is set in London, rather than the original New York, and focuses on Adam and Rachel as they plan their wedding. They have been childhood sweethearts for years, and their own romantic history intertwines both of their families. All appears to be going to plan, the wedding is eagerly anticipated, and then into the mix comes Rachel’s cousin Ellie, who has something of a scandalous past, and before long Adam is tempted by Ellie’s provocative allure.
Having read the original book by Wharton, it is difficult not to make side by side comparisons between the two books, but overall this homage works well in a contemporary setting. Regardless of the passage of time, this age old story of temptation, recrimination, and retribution has universal appeal. The writing style is fluid and maintains interest; I was particularly engrossed in the Jewish background, which is a community of which I know very little, but whose values are explained in sympathetic detail.
Overall, I found book interesting and entertaining, its present-day location in London, gives it an informality which is refreshing, and the age-old premise of being thankful for what you already have, certainly rings true.
In the aftermath of the First World War, Margot Rosenthal, is taken to Paris in 1919, whilst her father is part of a delegation attending a peace conference. Initially, Margot resents being thought of as the enemy and is reluctant to stay in a place where she is looked upon with mistrust. And yet, however difficult life in Paris appears, Margot is reluctant to return to Berlin, and her seriously injured fiancé, Stefan.
What then follows is a realistic depiction of the profound effect that life in post war Europe had on personal relationships, and illustrates how the luxury of trust was something that had to be earned in the most difficult of circumstances. It is in these portrayals of ordinary life where Jenoff excels, and in this story she has attempted to bring together pieces of her previous book The Kommandant’s Girl, and whilst readers of this novel will notice some continuity, it is not essential to have read The Kommandant’s Girl, as The Ambassador’s Daughter can more than stand alone.
As usual the attention to historical detail is meticulously researched; the narrative is sharp and crisp, with clever characterisation which reflects the time and place. Overall, the atmosphere of post war Europe is beautifully presented, and there is just the right balance between historical intrigue and romance.
David Ebsworth is the pen name of writer, Dave McCall, a former negotiator and Regional Secretary for the Transport & General Workers’ Union. He was born in Liverpool but has lived for the past thirty years in Wrexham with his wife, Ann. Since their retirement in 2008, the couple have spent about six months of each year in southern Spain. Dave began to write seriously in the following year, 2009. His debut novel, The Jacobites' Apprentice, was critically acclaimed by the Historical Novel Society who deemed it "worthy of a place on every historical fiction bookshelf."
Well first, thanks very much for welcoming me to the blog. It's a great privilege to be here. And especially, as you say, to tell you about my second novel, The Assassin’s Mark. It's set in 1938, towards the end of the Spanish Civil War, and follows the trials and tribulations of left-wing reporter Jack Telford, stuck on a tour bus with a very strange mixture of other travellers as he tries to uncover the hidden truths beneath the conflict. But, in the words of the synopsis, "Jack must contend first with his own gullibility, the tragic death of a fellow-passenger, capture by Republican guerrilleros, a final showdown at Spain's most holy shrine and the possibility that he has been badly betrayed. Betrayed and in serious danger."
I was researching a novel about the International Brigades in the Spanish Civil War and came across a paper on the Battlefield Tours that Franco launched – mainly for British tourists – before the war was even finished. It was too good a story to ignore.
Historical thriller with a generous amount Agatha Christie and a splash of Rick Stein, seasoned with a pinch of the picaresque.
I always picture actors in my main character roles anyway so, in this case, British actor Christopher Eccleston as Jack Telford and Rachel Weisz as Valerie Carter-Holt.
I spent a long time looking for agents and "traditional publishers" when I wrote Jacobites. A lot of people that I respect were very supportive about it but the agents I contacted were either too rude to even acknowledge me, or told me it wouldn't fit their lists, or liked it but weren't taking on any more new authors. Also, in meeting many other wordsmiths, I realised that there's a huge mythology about "traditional publishers". It's generally thought that, first, they pay their authors a generous advance; second, that they get your work automatically onto bookstore shelves; and, third, that they do all the marketing for you. It's a load of nonsense for all but a tiny minority. So, being passionate about my writing, and having market-tested a bit, I decided to go "independent", publishing with the help of SilverWood Books (www.silverwoodbooks.co.uk) and using their high quality professional backing (registrations, typesetting, design, proofing, etc.) but using my own editor (the inimitable Jo Field) and jacket cover graphic designer (the indefatigable and innovative Cathy Helms). I’ve found it a fantastic way for a new writer to get published and I love the buzz of doing my own marketing.
I started to write in February 2011 and finished the first draft (180,000 words) in October that year – then travelled with it through all its locations in Northern Spain to check the “feel” and complete the first re-write (168,000 words). The final version is 152,000 words.
Long list, I'm afraid. Old colleagues from the trade unions like Jack Jones and Frank Deagan from whom I first learned about the “real” experience of the Spanish Civil War. Spanish family friends who lived through the war and Franco’s repression that followed it. Wonderful historians like Antony Beevor and Paul Preston who've never lost sight of the Spanish Civil War’s significance for all of us. Professor Sandie Holguín who introduced me to the bus tours that feature centrally in the story.
The Spanish Civil War is badly neglected by English-language fiction writers so, at one level, I wanted the novel to be informative as well as entertaining. I’d like it to be a “must” for all those who already have an affection for Spain and maybe want to learn a bit more about the country’s history and culture – while still being able to sit on a beach with a good pot-boiler and need to keep “turning the pages.”
For more about David's previous novel, The Jacobites’ Apprentice, and other relevant information, you can visit his main website... www.davidebsworth.com
When Jack Telford, a maverick news reporter, decides to take a tour of the Spanish battlefields in September of 1938, the Spanish Civil War has been raging for two years. His fellow travellers on the war route are a disparate group of individuals, who each have their own reasons for making this perilous journey, and yet Jack with his passion for peacekeeping, finds himself drawn into a maelstrom of political conflict.
General Franco’s mission to open up the Spanish battlefields, whilst war was still raging, is based on fact, and whilst keeping the historical integrity intact, what then follows is a Christie-esque thriller which abounds with deception, dishonesty and political skulduggery. At the core of The Assassin’s Mark is a murder mystery, with more than enough twists and turns in the plot to keep you turning the pages, and yet, it is in the fine attention to historical detail and in the clever characterisation where the story really comes alive. Such is the imagery and descriptive talent, I felt like I was transported back in time to the Spain of the 1930’s, to a country which was divided by war and political dishonesty.
This exciting story is flawlessly presented; most certainly there are noticeable shades of Agatha Christie, and even, I think, generous helpings of Graeme Green, but there is also the undeniable talent of an author who not only loves his craft, but whose own distinct writing skill is evident in every word.
I have no hesitation in recommending this book to my blog readers who enjoy well written and decisive historical fiction.
Thank you very much David for taking the time to visit our blog and for such an insightful look into the writing of your novel, The Assassin's Mark.
The idea is to post about one book each week that has been on your wishlist for some time, or maybe just added.
There are some currents in the relationship between sisters that run so dark and so deep, it’s better for the people swimming on the surface never to know what’s beneath . . .
Katie’s carefully structured world is shattered by the news that her headstrong younger sister, Mia, has been found dead in Bali – and the police claim it was suicide.
With only the entries of Mia’s travel journal as her guide, Katie retraces the last few months of her sister’s life, and – page by page, country by country – begins to uncover the mystery surrounding her death.
What she discovers changes everything. But will her search for the truth push their sisterly bond – and Katie – to breaking point?
I love the book cover and the book sounds intriguing. It is on my "pick it up when you see it at the library" wishlist!
Whilst the actual date of Shakespeare's birth is not known, historians believe that he was born on or around April 23rd 1564, we know from church records that he was baptised in the Holy Trinity Church on 26th April 1564. Born in Stratford-upon-Avon, William was the third child of John Shakespeare, a glove maker and leather merchant, and Mary Arden, a local heiress. Shakespeare's early life is shrouded in mystery but we know that he married Anne Hathaway in 1582 in Worcester - and what then follows are the "lost years" when little is known of Shakespeare's whereabouts. It is believed that he went to London in the late 1580's and was certainly part of the theatre scene. By the early 1590s, documents show William Shakespeare was a managing partner in the Lord Chamberlain's Men, an acting company in London.
Jaffa and I were delighted to be asked to guest review this lovely book for Lindsay at The Little Reader Library
Eric Arthur Blair, better known by his pen name George Orwell, was an English author and journalist. His work is marked by keen intelligence and wit, a profound awareness of social injustice, an intense opposition to totalitarianism, a passion for clarity in language, and a belief in democratic socialism.
Considered perhaps the twentieth century's best chronicler of English culture, Orwell wrote fiction, polemical journalism, literary criticism and poetry. He is best known for the dystopian novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four" (published in 1949) and the satirical novella "Animal Farm" (1945)—they have together sold more copies than any two books by any other twentieth-century author.
Although George Orwell grew up in the relative comfort of the English middle class, his socialist convictions and general sense of fairness led him to hate his country's deeply ingrained class structure. That perspective permeates this book, but the most striking elements are the quotidian details of life that Orwell observes in his first-person account of the lives of coal miners and others in the poor north of England.
Wigan Pier is almost too realistic at times, as Orwell brings his unparalleled powers of observation to portray the wretched conditions of the working class. That Orwell may have slanted his reporting to make things look worse than they were is a question that does not lessen the book's interest.
Roses Have Thorns is the third book in the lady in waiting series of historical novels which are set during the turbulent Tudor era. This novel focuses on the relationship between Elizabeth I and her court. When seventeen year old Elin von Snakenborg arrives in England from Sweden, she is unsure of her place in the world, when she courted by the Duke of Northampton, she decides to settle in England and become a lady in waiting at the queen’s court. Her relationship with the Duke of Northampton elevates her into the higher echelons of English nobility, and also involves her in Tudor intrigue at the highest level.
This is a fine depiction of the glittering network of intrigue which surrounds Elizabeth, and those courtiers who flutter like moths to a flame. There is enough historical accuracy to maintain the integrity of the story, and as always Sandra Byrd infuses her characters with such charm and charisma that the book is very easy to read and enjoy. It is not necessary to have read all the books in chronological order as they work very well as standalone reads; however it is fascinating to see how the Tudor court has evolved over time.
I've now read all the books in this series and have enjoyed them all; however Roses have Thorns is my favourite.
"I'm going to tell you why we came back from the caravan holiday without Simon and how I spent the next ten years living with him"
Perceptively written from the outset, The Shock of the Fall reveals a challenging journey through the minefield of mental illness, and encapsulates a story which begins with overwhelming tragedy. The heartbreak of the story is revealed slowly, and written in Matthew’s own indomitable style, we learn about his life, the burden of guilt and grief which he carries like a yoke, and the way in which both he and his parents tried to rationalise the responsibility of survival. The unpredictability of the narrative is endearing and the use of font changes and illustrations reveal how the thought processes evolve from those of a confused child, to those of a troubled, and sometimes irascible young man.
There is no doubt that this is a skilful debut novel. Nathan Filer has used his own experiences as a mental health professional to write a tragic, tender and beautifully depicted story, which illuminates love, loss and overwhelming grief in a powerful, yet poignant way.
Eleanor of Aquitaine is a 12th century icon who has fascinated readers for 800 years. But the real Eleanor remains elusive.
This stunning novel introduces an Eleanor that all other writers have missed. Based on the most up-to-date research, it is the first novel to show Eleanor beginning her married life at 13. Barely out of childhood, this gives an entirely new slant to how Eleanor is treated bv those around her. She was often the victim and her first marriage was horribly abusive.
Overflowing with scandal, passion, triumph and tragedy, Eleanor's legendary story begins when her beloved father dies in the summer of 1137, and she is made to marry the young prince Louis of France. A week after the marriage she becomes a queen and her life will change beyond recognition.
I have been an avid reader of Elizabeth Chadwick's books since the 1990s and her latest books are always firmly placed on my wishlist well in advance of their publication.
After narrowly averting a supernatural war in London, Cassandra Bick just wants life to get back to normal. Or as normal as life can be when you run a dating agency for vampires, your best friend is a witch and the oldest, strongest and sexiest vampire in town is taking a very personal interest in your business. But when a vicious new supernatural enemy threatens her friends, Cass finds herself once again fighting for the fate of her city – and having to face some demons of her own.
I am delighted that Tracey could visit us again and she has very kindly answered a few questions about
Wolf Night is the second of the Cassandra Bick chronicles – did you feel more of an obligation to make this book even better than the first?
Yes, definitely! I was really lucky that the overwhelming majority of the reviews I got for Dark Dates were great, and feedback was really positive, but that did make me worry that I would somehow let people down if the second one wasn't better. And by then I had fallen in love with the characters so I felt I had a responsibility to them, too, to tell the story well. Luckily so far most people have liked it!
Wolf Night appears darker in content and yet there is still lots of humour – is it easier write funny dialogue or scary scenes?
It is darker, I think – it deals a lot more with bigotry and intolerance and I think that naturally makes it darker in tone, and I wanted to up the stakes somewhat after the first book, to add a sense of real danger and threat. But I don’t think one type of scene is easier than the other to write – it’s just a question of going where the story takes you, so I find things just flow in the direction they need to, and the action sets the tone. I do have a habit, though, of going back over scary or darker scenes with an eye for the pretentious and the ridiculous to puncture that, and lighten it up with some humour, to try and balance it out. One of the most enjoyable things about the book is that the characters – especially Cass – have such a snarky outlook, it’s great fun to write.
Ooh, tough one! Although she’s very American, I love Kat Dennings from Thor and Two Broke Girls – she has the kind of snarkiness I like. When it comes to the male leads I always just think about men I find attractive – actors like Charlie Hunnam, Timothy Olyphant, Jensen Ackles – but that’s probably because I like to think as writer I’d get a visit to the set and would be able to drool over them…
I started out totally Team Cain – I basically wrote him as my ideal man – but the more I see of Laclos, the more I like him. He has a real sense of humour about himself, he’s funny and, of course, his utter debauchery appeals to my naughtier side. So I think, like Cass, I would struggle to choose!
BIO: Tracey Sinclair works as freelance copywriter, editor and legal directories consultant. A diverse and slightly wandering career has included writing factsheets for small businesses, creating web content for law firms, subtitling film and TV and editing one of the UK’s largest legal directories. A keen blogger, she regularly writes for online theatre site Exeunt and science fiction site Unleash the Fanboy and her blog Body of a Geek Goddess was shortlisted in the Cosmopolitan Blogger Awards 2011. Her work has been published in a number of magazines and anthologies and her short play Bystanders was premiered in 2011 as part of the CP Players New Writing Season at Baron’s Court Theatre, London. She has published two small press books (Doll and No Love is This, both Kennedy & Boyd) before publishing the Dark Dates series.
Thanks for visiting us again Tracey - we look forward to reading more of Cassandra Bick's urban adventures in future chronicles.
Having been introduced to Cassandra Bick in Dark Dates, I couldn't wait to meet up with her again in the second of her adventures. I found Wolf Night to be an altogether darker story with some truly nasty characters, who from the outset seek to cause as much damage as they can. Yet, throughout the darkness of the story, there is a wonderful thread of humour, which is a delight to read and adds some necessary contrast.
Those who are familiar with Dark Dates will rejoice that their favourite characters have returned stronger than ever. There is just as much passion on the pages as before, but this time round the characters are well established, their supernatural skills are well honed, and whilst Cassandra, Medea and Katie remain the heart and soul of the story; it is in the interaction between the supernatural alpha males, Laclos and Cain, where the story really starts to zing off the scale, as love, hate, jealousy, and overwhelming lust, all spiral out of control.
I am sure that the author is onto a real winner with this series. The urban fantasy world in which these characters roam has the potential to run and run and run.....
In The Bleeding Land, Giles Kristian has brought to vivid life the bloody effects of a war against its own people. The English Civil war was a battle of men against men; brother fighting against brother, and father pitched against son. Both sides thought that God was with them, but when the canons roared and the muskets fired, the only side that mattered under God, was the winning side.
Sir Francis Rivers knows that the King, Charles I, needs all the men he can muster, and as he and his eldest son, Edmund take up arms with the King, they both realise that their allegiance to the crown, will demand a high price. The violent and irascible younger son, Thomas, fleeing his own personal tragedy, takes up arms on the opposite side, where his need for bitter revenge sees brother pitched against brother, as King and Parliament fight for power.
The Bleeding Land is a skilful and graphically depicted account of the English civil war. In the gore and mire of the battlefield, the massacred English fell, and lay as if the very earth was bleeding. The author’s brutal depiction of a family tainted by treachery, allows a realistic glimpse into the doctrine and dogma that led to a nation being divided by the very principles which once governed its belief.
And in the loathing of its surrender, the anguished cry of those who were left behind, mourned the loss of a proud nation.
I was gripped by this story from start to finish, and when the last page was turned I was overwhelmed by what I had read. Very few authors can conjure time and place so perfectly, but without doubt The Bleeding Land makes you feel like you actually travelled back in time to a dark and dirty place, where the stink of battle and the wild cry of horses mingle with the sound of human despair.
My big dream was to be an actress, but my mother very wisely told me I could study whatever I wanted in college, as long as I could support myself afterward. I chose journalism, then took a job as a staffer in Congress right after graduation. I worked as a press aide for most of a decade, then when I went through a very painful divorce in 1996 I moved to Los Angeles, determined to pursue a career as a Hollywood writer. I've had my share of ups and downs. My biggest job to date was as a writer for Jimmy Kimmel’s late night show. My low point was right when the recession hit and I couldn't find any sort of job. And, oddly enough, I'm finally pursuing an acting career. I turned 50 in March and decided acting would be a better mid-life crisis that buying a sports car. So far, I've had one audition for a show called REVENGE. I don’t know if it airs in the UK, but it’s like a night time soap opera. It was for the role of a doctor and I didn't get it.
Other than Gone With the Wind and Pride and Prejudice (my very favorite book), I’d never read a romance novel until the recession hit in 2008. I lost my job and suddenly found myself with lots of free time. I picked up a Catherine Coulter Regency romance and fell in love. I read voraciously for two years. And I picked Regency because that’s what my mom reads. My favorite authors are Sabrina Jeffries, Lisa Kleypas and Karen Hawkins.
I like writing it because there’s something very romantic about that time period. I find it difficult to read earlier eras because the lack of sanitation really, really bothers me. I can’t stop thinking about it. And while things were far from clean in the Regency era, it was getting there. As for modern, I don’t think it’s all that romantic, though I think I may try my hand at it next.
I'm finishing up the sixth book about the Kellington family, based around the Duke of Lynwood, his three brothers, one sister and a family friend. The people definitely came first. They’re all named for Kings and one Queen of England. When I started, I thought that would enter into the plots, especially in Arthur’s book. Ironically, that one was the most difficult to write since there’s no definitive tale of King Arthur. And, after all, the guy basically gets cheated on. I was very depressed when I figured that one out. Hal’s book was a combination of the debauchery of Henry the VIII and the courage of Henry V.
I’m finishing the series with their friend, Joseph Stapleton’s, book. He’s an Inspector with Bow Street whom we met in the first book. His book is turning into kind of a gothic romance as he travels to a castle with an acquaintance of the duke’s to keep her safe from harm. After this series is done, I think I’m going to try some modern stories, but I’m not quite sure.
Just a couple months ago, I finally got wireless Internet, which has freed me up to write wherever I want in my apartment. Being online comes in handy when I have questions about things. But despite all the freedom, I'm always at my dining room table. I cannot write in coffee shops, though it certainly did wonders for J K Rowling.
I’m currently reading Dangerous Angel by Sabrina Jeffries when she was writing under the Deborah Martin pen name. I love her writing. If you haven’t read her, please do. Everything she does is great.
I also have been re-reading Candace Camp’s Willowmere series. I’m obsessed with it. Her characters and stories are superb. It’s probably about time for me to re-read Mary Balogh’s Bedwyn series. I LOVE those books. Each is so different than the others. And that’s hard to do. I have some wonderfully nice readers who've had suggestions for more Kellington books. There are one or two more I may do, but I really don’t want to wear out my welcome with them. I think we've all read series where plots begin to repeat themselves and things get awfully familiar. I don’t want to do that and will (hopefully) quit while I'm ahead.
Maureen - thanks so much for taking the time to visit us - Jaffa and I wish you much success with your writing !
Eighty miles south of Edinburgh in the devastated village of Flodden, the aftermath of battle can be seen in the ruins of despair. Patrick Paniter, the deceased king’s secretary is a troubled man, hounded by nightmares and memories he would rather forget. Louise Brenier is a feisty young heroine, whose family has been profoundly affected by the consequences of Flodden. Her search for her brother, Benoit, missing since the battle, will lead Louise into the very depths of political danger and will force her to re-evaluate everything she has ever known about love and loss.
After Flodden is an epic adventure on a grand scale, and by combining fact with fiction, the author has skilfully merged the thrill of conspiracy, with a touch of romance. Rich in atmosphere, and alive with intrigue, the unfurling narrative sweeps effortlessly through three months during 1513, with vivid flashbacks to the Scottish preparations for battle, and describes in detail the traumatic consequences of a country in conflict. The utter desolation of the Scottish borderland and the warring factions of clan against clan are fearsomely described within a story of duplicitous deception. By accurately blending factual historical figures within a strong fictitious cast, the authenticity of the story is maintained, and the sights, sounds and smells of sixteenth century Scotland are impressively recreated.
I am reassured that the author is already planning to continue the story, as there is no doubt that the political consequences of the Scottish defeat at Flodden had a lasting legacy.
An apparently happy marriage. A beautiful son. A lovely home. So what makes Emily Coleman get up one morning and walk right out of her life – changing her name, holing up in a grotty house in North London, taking a dead-end job where she won’t be found. Has she had a breakdown? Was it to escape her dysfunctional family, especially her malevolent twin Caroline who always seemed to hate her? And what is the anniversary that looms, threatening to force her to confront her past? No-one has ever guessed her secret. Will you?
Emily Coleman's life is disintegrating and she sees no option but to leave her life behind and start again in London where no-one has any idea of her identity. When she abandons her husband and young son, all she takes with her are painful memories, not just of who she is, but also of the effect that her dangerous twin sister Caroline has on her.
What then follows is an intricately woven story which tells the story of abandonment - not just from family and friends but also from oneself, and even as Emily starts a new life in London, she finds that fragments of herself can never disappear entirely.
Intricately plotted, the book moves along at a cracking pace, which can be a little confusing and sometimes I felt like I wanted to skip back a few pages to clarify something important I may have missed. However, the twists in the plot when they come, really take you by surprise and I must say I never saw them coming.
Originally written in 2010, this is a good debut book and well worth picking up when you see it in the book stores.
Alison Morton grew up in West Kent, served as a Territorial Army officer and owned a translation company. She completed a BA in French, German and Economics and thirty years later an MA in History. She now lives in France with her husband.
A ‘Roman nut’ and wordsmith since age 11, she has visited sites throughout Europe always wondered what a Roman society would be like if run by women…
New York, present day. Karen Brown, angry and frightened after surviving a kidnap attempt, has a harsh choice – being eliminated by government enforcer Jeffery Renschman or fleeing to the mysterious Roma Nova, her dead mother’s homeland in Europe.
Founded sixteen centuries ago by Roman exiles and ruled by women, Roma Nova gives Karen safety and a ready-made family. But a shocking discovery about her new lover, the fascinating but arrogant Special Forces officer Conrad Tellus, who rescued her in America, isolates her. Renschman reaches into her new home and nearly kills her. Recovering, she is desperate to find out why he is hunting her so viciously. Unable to rely on anybody else, she undergoes intensive training, develops fighting skills and becomes an undercover cop. But crazy with bitterness at his past failures, Renschman sets a trap for her, knowing she has no choice but to spring it...
In present day New York, Karen Brown’s daily life is starting to unravel. When inexplicable events shake the very foundations of her world, she at first disbelieves what is happening around her. However, after a failed kidnap attempt, Karen is advised to flee to her dead mother’s homeland, but even as the mysterious Roma Nova offers a sanctuary, it also opens more questions than answers. The action is fast and furious, and soon Karen finds that she is drawn into a dangerous set of circumstances, which will test her endurance to limit and which will force her to question the structure of her belief.
What then follows is a well written and decidedly competent alternate history novel which draws you in from the very beginning and which offers an intriguing look at Roma Nova, a world which has been ruled by women for the past sixteen centuries, and whose secret anonymity comes alive on the page. Alternate history is a fascinating concept, and yet can so easily become a minefield of improbability, where the world within a world being created can become a mere parody of what is real. However, I had no such issues with Inceptio, which thanks to the author’s skill, Roma Nova and its role in the world, soon became a real and very authentic place.
I think that this is one of those books you could so easily miss, particularly if alternate history is not your genre, but you would be missing out on a real treat. It is ideal escapism, with the ingredients of history, mystery and romance expertly combined to form a well balanced and perfectly presented start to a promising series.
My thanks to Alison and silverwoodbooks for my review copy of this book and for inviting jaffareadstoo to be part of Alison's Blog Tour.
Kindle edition September 2018 Caroline Walker’s daughter suffers a horrific riding accident. Her distraught parents wonder if she’...
On Hist Fic Saturday I am delighted to welcome back to the blog Best selling author, Jean Fullerton A very warm welcome...
Candlestick Press September 2018 My thanks to Candlestick Press for my copy of this story An elusive owner who lives on the top fl...
I am delighted to bring to Jaffareadstoo this feature which showcases the work of authors who have based their work in the North of ...
I always try to have a Remembrance Read on the go in November Riverrun 12 July 2018 My thanks to the publishers for my copy of th...
This website is hosted by Blogger.com and all data collection and cookie usage is overseen by its parent company Google.
Jaffareadstoo does not share personal information with third-parties nor do we store information we collect about your visit to this blog for use other than to analyse content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser's settings.
Jaffareadstoo belongs to Jo Barton © 2011 - 2018 All Rights Reserved.. Awesome Inc. theme. Theme images by merrymoonmary. Powered by Blogger.
Salariyeh residential building is a residential complex with an area of 600 square meters, that in each floor about 90% of the land area has been licensed for construction.
The wide width of the building, the number of residential units and the large volume of openings on the outer wall were among the important issues we encountered in this project. Avoiding turbulence and dispersion due to the large number of windows was considered as the most important issue of the design.
In order to create coordination, we needed a shell for continuity of the facade. On the other hand, according to the municipal rules on creating console, the central space of the facade could use the consoles, and the minimum console distance from the side buildings was two meters. Thus, in order to create consoles in accordance with the rules of the municipality, the modern boxes were used, which slip on each other in each floor and form the terraces of each unit. These boxes also affect the interior space when collided with the surface of the facade. Thus, causing concavity of flat form of the facade. Each of these boxes also play the role of terraces for each unit. On the other hand, for the other unit on the same floor, the terrace space is formed by concavities that come from the collision of the boxes with the surface of the facade. This way, the direct view of terraces to each other is prevented to maintain the boundary and confidentiality of each unit.
With the formation of the boxes and their impact on the interior and the flat form of the facade, the surface of the main facade was created, which has three layers: the elementary layer, which consists of boxes (consoles), the middle layer, which is the same as the main surface of the facade, and the inner layer, which is formed from the collision of the boxes to the surface of the facade and caused the concavity of the form. On the middle layer (the main surface of the facade), which had a lot of openings, a shell from wooden logs were formed, so the entire surface of the facade and the openings would be integrated, and the volume would form continuously.
On the other hand, by creating console and multiplicity of layers, each unit experienced different qualities of light entry: The light is entered directly into the boxes, and in the part of facade that was covered with wooden logs, the light passes through the wood indirectly and guided to the interior space. Finally, the project was formed as a coordinated and continuous volume of boxes and wooden logs that had an integrated identity.
We like to play with technology. We use technology to create interactive experiences, installations, happenings, or playful rendezvous. We combine Interaction Design with Experience Design with Engineering to invent incredibly memorable experiences.
We like to help people realize their ideas and goals by exploring unconventional, unexpected uses of technology to create interactive experiences. We create memorable interactions and design to get it right through prototyping, user testing, concept development and learning from each step along the way.
"Lacking the patience to do it by hand, GeekPhysical built a CNC machine to decorate Easter eggs. (The hardware design is ingenious...)"
"It can be a challenge to really personalize the wedding ritual enough to make it feel like your own - but Vanessa definitely found a unique way."
"The electrode-equipped Galvanic Skin Response Bouquet doesn't give the couple much choice about wearing their hearts on their sleeves"
"..one of several biometric projects developed by the designer/engineer duo Vanessa Carpenter and Dzl"
As part of a series on the "Future of Health", PSFK interviewed GeekPhysical about our work with biometrics, sensors and how we felt about the world of sensing technologies as it related to UNICEF. "We think it could also be vital to have health workers aware of their stress levels without having to think about it or analyze themselves."
As part of completion for a Masters in Interaction Design, Vanessa set up a table at the Business to Buttons Conference in Malmo. The booth was made to show how easy tangible computing and rapid prototyping can be! We made a simple interaction, a transistor intertwined with a LED, hooked up to a 9v, powered by people acting as the human resistor. It was a beautiful little interactive exhibit than literally ANYONE could make and even the Swedish news got excited about.
"The small LED Matrix displays can be mounted on both male and female doors, and the image shown can be switched as folks enter and leave. Needless to say, such a setup caused quite a bit of hilariousness / confusion."
in collaboration with Illutron and students from Malmo Master of Interaction Design. Read full article over at Engadget.
This time, Les will voice his most popular plays, and as an exclusive read the excerpt of the recently completed novel "The Mysterious Ambal". At this evening there will be nothing superfluous, everything - "in the subject": a full room, a comfortable chair and in it - a cult author.
Recognized genius of Ukrainian satire, Les Podervyansky "planted" on his work is not one generation of our compatriots. And many of them tirelessly quote favorite lines from bright works. Satire Podervyansky is full of keenness, his mastery is impeccable. The author, playfully, creates unique plays, combining in them political banter, allegory, rudeness and common sense, undisguised irony. And this is all that you are now missing.
2 Events Performance Aliens. Theater of the ears 29.11 - 30.11.2018 27 November 19:30, Tue Black Square: TOPLESS. All inclusive Bel etage, Kyiv from 4.52 EUR Don't wish 27 November Black Square: TOPLESS. All inclusive Bel etage Buy 22 November 19:00, Thu Sleeping Beauty National Opera of Ukraine, Kyiv from 3.03 EUR Don't wish 22 November Sleeping Beauty National Opera of Ukraine Buy 02 December 19:00, Sun Serenade of the Sun Valley Jovtnevyi Palats, Kyiv from 4.55 EUR Don't wish 02 December Serenade of the Sun Valley Jovtnevyi Palats Buy
Select category Uncategorized Employment Law Update Sickness Concilium HR News Family Friendly Policies Employee issues Employment contracts Employee wellbeing
Work-related stress, anxiety and depression are experienced by 1 in 6 British workers each year. This ill-health is costing business in the region of £26 billion each year due to increased staff turno...
Managing stress in the workplace is good for business. Around 12 million working days each year are lost due to workplace stress. Stress has a major impact on employees physical and mental health and...
Our winter weather is becoming an issue when it comes to making sure we can all get around and make it into work. When adverse weather affects your business what do you do? Do you have to pay employ...
This month sees the 17th consecutive Student Volunteering Week in the UK. Over 60 educational establishments will be taking part in volunteering activities. This year the theme is Student Civic Engage...
Zero hours contracts have received a lot of negative press recently. However, this is generally due to how they have been misunderstood and abused! There is no legal definition of a ‘zero hour...
Do you have a difficult employee? We’ve all been there. Worked with a colleague for whom the normal rules just don’t seem to apply. Their behaviour tolerated because ‘they’ve always been like that! Wh...
So the festive season is nearly upon us. But how do employers make sure that it’s business as usual whilst your team is in festive mode? Firstly communicate with your team...
Employment relationships There are various employment laws that govern employment relationships between a business and its’ employees. This infographic is designed to give you a basic understanding of...
Balancing family life and work can be very challenging for parents. Creating family-friendly policies is not only benefits your staff but is also good for business. Parents also have specific rights u...
Employment law is a complex area full of pitfalls. It's important to get it right. SME employers should understand the key areas of employment law that will affect them. Basic terms and conditions of...
1 in 10 babies born worldwide is premature. That accounts for 15 million births each year, so it is more common than you think. The birth of a baby is a significant event for anyone. If baby arrives...
Are you struggling to manage your employees sickness absence? Staff sickness is an unavoidable part of running a business. According to the CIPD, staff sickness absence cost an average of £522 per emp...
With the ever- increasing complexity of taxation and employment legislation since the introduction of Real Time Information reporting and auto-enrolment, running your own payroll can be time-consuming...
Product names, logos, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within this site are the property of their respective trademark holders.
Отвечать в конференциях и заводить новые темы может любой участник, независимо от наличия регистрации на сайте 7я.ру.
We have started our Save Around Coupon Book Fundraiser. Money raised will go towards classroom materials.
Father George W. Hurley (February 17, 1884—June 23, 1943) is the founder of the Universal Hagar’s Spiritual Church Association. Father Hurley was raised in the Protestant tradition. His mother, Tina Hurley, began raising him as a Methodist, but after a few years they became Baptist. At the age of seven he began to preach and challenge the traditional Baptist doctrine. He was ordained at the age of 11. In 1897, Hurley declared the Spirit of God revealed to him his great Commission. After high school he went to Tuskegee Institute and Phelps Bible Hall Training School to receive ministerial training. Dr. E. J. Penny was Phelps’ dean and Father Hurley’s ministerial instructor.
By the time he reached his early 20s, Reverend Hurley was known, especially among southern Baptists, as a dynamic preacher and orator with a seeming special relationship with God. It was not just his ability to woo the crowd that made him popular; it was his ability to expound on the teachings of Christ in such a way that even the more uneducated members, which were many times the majority, were able to comprehend the lessons of the Gospel.
In 1918-19 Reverend Hurley met Father Elias D. Smith, founder of the Triumph the Church and Kingdom of God in Christ, which was founded on January 20, 1904, popularly known as the Triumph Church. He was spiritually moved by Father Smith and his teachings and consequently joined. After several years, he reached the level of Elder and the presiding Prince of Michigan, but became dissatisfied with the teachings of the Triumph Church. He disagreed with the way they taught the Bible and how some of the ministers purposely lacked clarity in their explanations of the Gospel to the congregation, among other things. (This possibly could be due to the fact that the Triumph Church began moving away from its original teachings after Father Smith passed away in January 1920 while on a trip to Addis Ababa Abyssinia.) After this he briefly joined the International Spiritual Church, but again he was not completely content.
On September 23, 1923 he founded the Universal Hagar’s Spiritual Association. Father Hurley was concerned with both racial and economic disparities. He created the Hagar’s School of Mediumship and Psychology (1924) and the Knights of the All Seeing Eye (1934 with Prince Thomas Surbadger) as extensions to the church.
Before his passing Father Hurley appointed Prince Thomas Surbadger as President of the Wisemen Board (Executive Board) and his wife Reverend Cassie Bell Hurley as pastor the National Headquarters. After his passing Mother Hurley was given the distinction of Successor. Princess Mary Hatchett of New Jersey took the helm of President in 1955 after Prince Surbadger’s passing and continued on when Mother Hurley made her transition in 1960.
Prince Alfred Bailey of New York became the fourth President after Mother Hatchett’s demise in 1977. In 1980, Prince Bailey passed and Princess Georgia Latimer of Michigan, the fourth child of Father & Mother Hurley, became the President. Princess Ida Lee Childs of Ohio took the reins in 1994 after Princess Latimer’s death. Princess Childs appointed Princess Shirley Aquart of New Jersey as Acting President in April 2005. Princess Aquart was later made President after the passing of Princess Childs in 2007.
The UHSCA has a number of objectives, including but not limited to—“to teach the deeper truths of God, to promote the study of the science, phenomena and philosophy of spiritual religion, and to develop the true spiritual life among its members so that all members…attain the highest state of spiritual experience in this life as true worshippers of God.” Father Hurley taught that God is man, man is God, and that God is spirit and in truth. He further taught that God dwells within each individual.
The UHSCA currently boasts over 30 temples and missions in 14 states—Michigan, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Wisconsin, Maryland, Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama. The present national headquarters/supreme temple is located at 555 South Oakwood Blvd., Detroit, Michigan 48217.
These are buttons that are found on web browsers - they perform the same function. You should press this button to see new web content, when a webpage appears not to have loaded correctly (e.g. if there is text or graphics missing) or if a page seems to be taking a long time to download. Depending on the problem, this may correctly load the page. In some cases several attempts may be required.
The procedure for Refreshing or Reloading is slightly different depending on which browser you are using (AOL, Explorer, Navigator, etc...). What is the big fuss? Why is it important to Reload/Refresh?? The concept is pretty simple really...what happens is the browser software caches (saves) an old copy of pages you have been to so it can reload them fast when you ask. The problem is that you get a copy of the OLD page and if the webweaver has made changes since you have been tot he site then you don't get to see them...crummy right?? But, the bright side is that the browser (software you use to see the internet websites) has a function where you can update the page by reloading/refreshing the page you are visiting...I always do it to be sure i have the most current page....below are some pictures from my computer, to help you learn how to refresh/reload your own browser....
you may need to go to the top of the screen and click on view, toolbars, standard buttons to see the refresh icon....
September 8, 2018 October 3, 2018 admin Comments Off on Necessary Precautions you need to take with Ativan
Are you facing issues related to your mood and feeling anxious every now and then? There are many things that you need to know, and this will help you get a long way up to the top. However, the things that you need about the drug Ativan have a huge variety of facts. You need to be cautious about all the things, and it will help you get a long way in fighting up your disease. Basically, Ativan is a market name for the drug Lorazepam which relates to the benzodiazepine family.
People are going agog for the side effects of this particular drug to know. Well, it has a lot of side effects, and it can harm you badly. There are many of them, and these may contain many other severe conditions that might harm you a lot more.
It is your task to be aware of all when you are on this medicine. The Symptoms may cause you, constipation, heartburn, change in sexual interest/ability headache, nausea, change in sexual interest/ability, blurred vision or change in appetite may occur. These all symptoms can occur and can be very much severe.
There are many things that you need to know before you take up the drug. It can turn out to be dreadful if you go out of precautions and just get to use these drugs. Ativan is helpful, but it can create severe problems such as a change in sexual interest/ability and many types of headaches. It is really a thing to take care of, and you need to be much more cautious than ever. You can get to know all of them in the section written below.
The product gets directly into the blood, so you need to be much accurate with the usage. This can produce many allergic reactions causing bloating and many other problems. Check out and visit a doctor in any case, and it is better to ask a doctor out for the all the precautions.
Precautions should be taken if you are using alcohol on a daily basis and if you are in a pregnancy stage. All of these things matter a lot, and you need to be active with all the things.
All these things need to be kept in mind, and it will help you get a long way up to the top. Try to remind all these things.
Women Seeking Crossdresser - Welcome to the simple online dating site, here you can chat, date, or just flirt with men or women. Sign up for free and send messages to single women or man.
Since the industry is growing exponentially, many psychological studies have revealed the facts and trends thereof.
Online dating gives you the ability to select and discuss with your date while lounging in your PJ eating a bowl of cornflakes.
A person will not be able to meet new people if one keeps to stay indoors.�If things are not going so well in the dating scene, it is essential to take a rest and keep his optimism and high confidence.
There are many online dating sites that have processes and others that require you to answer many questions sign-up very short.
When you go for the free Arab dating, you can be assured your privacy and at the same time you should not feel embarrassed.
Indianapolis’ once-celebrated-but-now-underused Pan Am Plaza is the planned site of a $120 million, publicly funded addition to the Indiana Convention Center plus two privately funded Hilton-branded hotels that together would have more than 1,400 rooms.
The Capital Improvement Board voted on Friday to recommend construction of the convention center expansion and to work with Kite Realty Group Trust as the master developer on the project.
The resolution gives the CIB authority to work on a project agreement with Kite and an overall financing model.
The Kite plan was one of three submitted in March in response to the CIB’s request for proposals for another convention-style hotel with 800 to 1,000 rooms.
A key component of the project is a 38-story, 800-room hotel that would be developed by Kite and branded as Hilton on the northeast corner of the plaza at Illinois and Georgia streets. It would be Indianapolis’ second-largest hotel, behind only the 1,005-room JW Marriott that opened in 2011.
Kite plans to build a second, 600-room hotel, as well, which would be on the southeast corner of the block at Illinois and Louisiana streets. It also would carry a Hilton brand.
Neither Kite nor the CIB would release cost estimates for the hotels to IBJ. A hospitality industry consultant told IBJ earlier this year a hotel of the scale sought by CIB might cost as much as $350 million. As a comparison, the JW Marriott complex cost $450 million.
The publicly financed, 50,000-square-foot meeting space—which would become the largest ballroom in the city—would fill the plaza’s southwest quadrant and connect to the two hotels as well as the 556,600-square-foot convention center through an overhead walkway.
It would be funded with $120 million in bonds that would be paid off using tax-increment financing. TIF districts capture growth in assessed value, thus increased property-tax revenue, to cover the cost of new infrastructure or other government spending.
Kite would oversee the construction of the ballroom building, as well, but wouldn’t own it. Indianapolis-based RATIO Architects is the architect on the project.
Kite’s proposal won out over two others. City and CIB officials previously had not disclosed which developers responded to its request for proposals or what their projects would entail. However, Kite was widely speculated to be in the running because of the proximity of its site to the Convention Center.
Pan Am Plaza—which was built for the Pan American Games, hosted by the city in 1987—includes an office building on the northwest corner of the block, which will remain. The rest of the plaza is largely unused. It sits over an underground, dilapidated parking garage and was for years home to an indoor ice rink. It has served as a location for Colts pre-game activities and was the site of ESPN’s “Sports enter” program during Super Bowl XLVI, which was played at Lucas Oil Stadium.
Thomas McGowan, president and chief operating officer of Kite Realty, said the company has been working for years “to prepare for this moment” and redevelop “what we believe is the best undeveloped site in Indianapolis.”
Kite Realty bought the plaza in 2008. The existing office building is owned by Sacramento, California-based Coastal Partners LLC, although that firm has listed it for sale. The garage below the plaza is owned by New York-based Dali Associates LP, which did not respond to IBJ’s request for comment as of press time.
IBJ reported in 2014 that Kite hoped to build two tower hotels on the site. That plan never materialized.
“We felt a great deal of responsibility to not simply do a project but to do an iconic project that addresses the highest and best use, which is a convention hotel,” McGowan said.
McGowan would not release total project costs for the hotels. He said “the numbers will continue to evolve” as the CIB negotiates a final deal with Kite.
But the $120 million city investment is the “estimated cost for public infrastructure” for the development of the site and the ballroom part of the project, said Thomas Cook, the mayor’s chief of staff.
The project would involve tearing down the underground parking structure, building a podium to support the two-story ballroom and additional meeting space, as well as general property acquisition costs, Cook said. The city also would build the climate-controlled walkway over Capitol Avenue to connect the Indiana Convention Center with the new complex.
“This is the next building block” of the convention center, which was constructed in 1972 and has undergone four expansions, Barney Levengood, executive director of the CIB, told IBJ. “Think of it as phase six.”
The city hopes to win approvals for the project within 12 months, setting the stage for groundbreaking in 2019. The construction is expected to take multiple years, but officials said it would not interfere with activity at the convention center.
The project is meant to give the city’s tourism officials the ability to bid on larger events and retain current customers.
Chris Gahl, vice president of communications for Visit Indy, said the city is “in jeopardy” of losing conventions including the Performance Racing Industry Show, the FDIC convention, Gen Con, FFA and others if hotel inventory and ballroom capacity doesn’t increase.
David Hoppe, president of Gen Con, told IBJ in a statement that the convention was previously able to expand “to support a record number of guests” when the JW Marriott opened in 2011. That was around 37,000 guests at the time.
“Now, seven years later, Gen Con has nearly doubled in attendance, and we’re confident that the newly announced lodging additions in Indy will let us expand again, netting millions of dollars per year in new economic development for Indianapolis,” Hoppe told IBJ.
Already, another dozen downtown hotel projects with a combined 2,800 rooms are expected to come online in the next five years. But tourism leaders have said they need a convention hotel—one with a significant block of rooms connected to a large amount of meeting space—to be attractive to the largest events.
Research conducted by New York-based HVS Global Hospitality Services for Visit Indy found that downtown could absorb an 800-room hotel if it were accompanied by a 45,000- to 60,000-square-foot ballroom, either in the hotel or nearby.
For years, the downtown hotel occupancy has been higher than 70 percent. The study found that the rate could dip immediately after adding a 1,000-room convention hotel but would “bounce back” to 70 percent by 2024.
Gahl said adding the ballroom, which would be 40 percent larger than the giant 35,000-square foot Sagamore Ballroom at the Indiana Convention Center, would allow Indianapolis to host two citywide conventions simultaneously.
The additional space also could change the events Visit Indy pursues. Currently, the city is not able to bid on 208 large conventions because it does not have enough hotel rooms or ballroom space. The project would whittle down that number.
Cook said supporting the development is in the city’s interest because “adding more in new conventions is where you see new dollars come in.”
The hotel and ballroom complex could create a sort of north and south campus feel for the city’s convention space. One convention could be taking place in the north area, which would include the JW Marriott and adjacent hotels as well as the Sagamore Ballroom, while a second convention takes place in the Pan Am Plaza hotels and ballroom.
“There are a lot of people who argue that if it’s not broke, don’t fix it,” Cook said. “You don’t become the No. 1 convention city by resting on your laurels.”
USA Today’s Readers’ Choice Awards in 2014 named Indianapolis as the top convention city. By square footage, it ranks as the 15th-largest convention center in the United States, according to Trade Show Executive.
Redeveloping Pan Am Plaza is also a historic opportunity for Indianapolis to build on its sports and tourism legacy, said Melina Kennedy, president of the CIB.
“It’s clearly a very attractive site in terms of connectivity to the convention center space, but also the opportunity to re-energize Pan Am Plaza, which is an iconic part of the story for Indianapolis of our leadership in the sports industry,” Kennedy said.
The $120 million for the public portion of the project is slated to come from two TIF sources, Cook said. One is the additional tax revenue generated at the site by the new development. That would fund about half of the payments needed on the bonds.
The other half likely would come from $8 million in annual TIF funds the city already funnels to the CIB for operations, which could be redirected to paying down bonds the city eventually takes out.
“We’re not allocating funds that currently go to something else,” Cook said. “It will be funds generated [by the project] and already going to the CIB, period.”
The ballroom would be publicly owned but would have an operating agreement with the hotels, allowing them to book the space when it is not being used for conventions.
Unlike the JW Marriott, Conrad and upcoming Keystone Realty Group Intercontinental project, it is “not necessasrily a given” that the city would have an equity stake in the hotels due to the unique financing of the project, said Taylor Schaffer, Hogsett's deputy chief of staff.
City officials have not ruled out asking the state to join the project. State tax revenue has helped fund previous convention center expansions.
The city previously had considered Pan Am Plaza for a big convention hotel. In 2007, Indianapolis-based Browning Investments, working with a Milwaukee developer, proposed building a 44-story hotel there.
But the city instead backed the $450 million JW Marriott hotel complex near White River State Park, which was developed by Merrillville-based White Lodging Services and Indianapolis-based REI Investments Inc.
The 2003 version of Kings of Leon would be at home in any shady Indianapolis bar with their rootsy garage stomp; their sound was rockabilly with a modern edge, loud and fast but laced with a back country twang. The 2010 Kings of Leon, on the other hand, are better suited to the most massive of Indianapolis music venues such as the Old National Centre, The Vogue, or the Verizon Wireless Music Center, which is exactly where they’ll be playing with The Black Keys and The Whigs this Friday, September 3rd. To see three of the 2000’s best garage bands in their shiny new genres, come see Kings of Leon, The Black Keys, and The Whigs at the Verizon Wireless Music Center.
Music video for “Sex on Fire” by Kings of Leon; Kings of Leon will be playing in Indianapolis this weekend
Back when Kings of Leon first rose to prominence with the 2003 release of Youth and Young Manhood, they were hailed as the Southern fried version of The Strokes, a pretty high accolade at the time considering The Strokes were thought to be the “saviors of rock and roll” by many music critics. 2004’s Aha Shake Heartbreak further cemented their reputation as the South’s garage band of choice, but the band switched gears with 2007’s Because of the Times. Since then, the Followill brothers (and one Followill cousin) have only gotten bigger, both in their album sales and in the scope of their sound.
Video of Kings of Leon performing “Joe’s Head” live in 2003; Kings of Leon will be playing near Indianapolis this weekend
Because of the Times brought a streamlined arena rock sound to the previously grimy group, introducing slightly more sophisticated compositions while removing a lot of the intensity and swagger of their earlier records. 2008’s Only By the Night further simplified the spacious style begun by Because the Times with repetitive guitar hooks and anthemic, poppy choruses. Only By the Night injected Kings of Leon firmly in the mainstream; the album reached the top 10 in 10 different countries, earned awards from Indianapolis media and other publications, and lead single “Sex on Fire” won a Grammy. The change in style alienated many original fans but spawned a legion of Indianapolis radio-loving new ones who will likely swarm the Verizon Wireless Music Center on Friday.
Video of Kings of Leon performing “Cold Desert” live in 2008; Kings of Leon will be playing near Indianapolis this weekend
The Black Keys, on the other hand, have followed a similar sonic evolution with vastly different results. The band started out as a simple garage duo of guitarist Dan Auerbach and drummer Patrick Carney. The group created their own breed of electrified Delta blues (heavily influenced by Junior Kimbrough) throughout their first three albums, The Big Come Up, Thickfreakness, and Rubber Factory. There were the obvious comparisons to The White Stripes, but The Black Keys continued to forge their own path, switching to a ballsier psychedelic rock sound with 2006’s Magic Potion.
Video of The Black Keys performing “Your Touch” live; The Black Keys will be playing near Indianapolis this weekend
In 2008, the band collaborated with producer Danger Mouse to release Attack and Release, a genre blending record that preserved a lot of The Black Keys’ trademark stripped down blues riffage while adding lots of new elements, including digital loops, supporting instruments, and other modern touches. Brothers came out this year, bringing The Black Keys further into soul and funk territory with catchy tracks like “Howlin’ for You” and “Tighten Up.” Unlike Kings of Leon, The Black Keys have been able to evolve their sound while still creating interesting, original music. Of the two big name bands playing at the Verizon Wireless Music Center, the Keys will mostly likely put on the better show for Indianapolis music fans.
Video of The Black Keys performing “Tighten Up” on David Letterman; The Black Keys will be playing near Indianapolis this weekend
Supporting Kings of Leon and The Black Keys at this Indianapolis event will be Athens, GA based garage trio The Whigs. The band is no stranger to touring in the big leagues; they’ve played with Yo La Tengo, The Hold Steady, Tokyo Police Club, Band of Horses, My Morning Jacket, and Kings of Leon. Their latest album, In the Dark, was released in March of 2010 and received somewhat mediocre reviews. The Whigs should be a perfect compliment to Kings of Leon and The Black Keys.
Video of The Whigs performing “Right Hand On My Heart” live at Forecastle; The Whigs will be playing near Indianapolis this weekend
So if you like a little soul with your teeming arena concert, head to the Verizon Wireless Music Center on Friday, September 3rd to see Kings of Leon, The Black Keys, and The Whigs. Kings of Leon will fulfill your wildest arena anthem dreams, while The Black Keys will amaze you with the emotive guitar work of Auerbach and the rhythmic calisthenics of Carney. Tickets range from $35 to $55, and the show starts at 7:30. You won’t find a concert this big in Indianapolis this weekend, so you’ll have to head to Noblesville to catch Kings of Leon, The Black Keys, and The Whigs all in one massive place.
Archives Select Month July 2017 November 2016 September 2016 September 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl MAYTESEXY1 here. I'm 38 year old Female speak English and Spanish in the Indian live sex chat action. come and play the best sex of your network, enter my room and ask me what I`ll grant you .... Latin cute, hot, naughty and fun ... come visit and have a good time .... oral sex , anal sex , fuck my tits , all positions , dance ... is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 95-62-97. For Turn ons: i like everything. For TurnsOff: i like everything. If you prefer kinks, then Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl taniawatson here. I'm 18 year old Female speak English and Spanish in the Indian live sex chat action. so sex beautiful cute bold fervent naughty and much more that you could find. baby if youvjust come to see me. i am a beautiful and hot girl be able to indulge youy pleasures beyound of a sexual fantasy just come to see me baby. dance while i rub my pussy is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Black eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 33-68-87. For Turn ons: hard talks about sex big dicks pinch my nipples clap my ass stroke my all body pretty soft roleplay. For TurnsOff: rude people. If you prefer kinks, then Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Synchrotron and Free electron laser Radiation: generation and application (SFR-2016) (04-7 July 2016)
It is a great language for coding beginner games. It serves, and can be twisted, into making some pretty epic stuff if you know what you are doing. Hell, nearly all of my games released so far are BGT.
For no reason or fault of the developer, windows defender has begun to delete the game files, mistakenly thinking them viruses.
As this problem is unlikely to be resolved by the blastbay games toolkit maker, as I understand it BGT development is at an all time stand still, I have begun to look for other areas, other languages, to develop in.
Is it worth me continuing development of games in BGT, which allows faster speeds, of releases but means you, the user have to add acceptions to defender?
Or, would you prefer me to drop BGT entirely, and focus on other languages. I have found so far, that python is a viable option, excusing the fact the game sizes increase drasticly compared to BGT.
I wrote this blog post regarding this issue. Suffice it to say, no, I don't think BGT's worth it. New people will not be able to play your games because of them being flagged, they will become frustrated and just give up most likely. That, and the lack of recent support for anything audio, and the lack of ability for supporting libraries more than perfunctorily makes it a pretty bad option.
Why doesn't Philip just contact Microsoft and tell them to stop flagging programs made by his engine as a virus?
As much as people say BGT isn't worth it, our most popular games are made in BGT. Crazy party, VG storm games, and many many others. Fortunately, a lot of them are portable so it is easy enough to just create a folder called games and add that as an exclusion.
@3 because he's not actively working on it anymore, I guess its probably not accurate, but closest term I can think of is abandonware.
Not only that, but games written in BGT don't work well with JAWS unless the game is self voicing to where no screen reader is needed to play it. If you use BGT and want any visually impaired player to be able to play your game regardless of what screen reader they use, then your game needs to be completely self voicing or use SAPI.
While there a lot of popular games written in BGT, many of those same games are not playable by everybody because the developer chose not to make the game self voicing. So players who use JAWS can't play them.
Actually, I have to correct you on that, BGT is highly playable with Jaws, it only takes like 4 lines of code to initiate this functionality, and a few lines of code to remove it when the game is finished. And the line for actually turning this feature on is just one line, but you have to make sure the user is running Jaws first, that's why it may be a few lines, because of the conditional statement needed to check the screen reader that is running. If a game you are playing is not working with Jaws and you know that game is written in BGT, go scream at the dev for being a lazy sod. It is other languages where there are likely to be insurmountable issues with playing with Jaws due to the way Jaws monopolizes the keyboard.
By that same token, we could also bitch at Philip for not making that code a default part of BGT so that developers wouldn't have to add it to their programs.
No it's not external code, its part of BGT. That's why I say there is no excuse for not adding it to their games. It works like that, first we set a variable equal to the function to check if its running like this:
The 1 is BGT's internal designator for Jaws, so we're basically asking the question, is jaws running? and storing the answer in the variable, which is a boolean, and can either be true or false. If Jaws is running, we then install the keyhook, we can just do it, or do it and store the result in another variable, which would be true if the installation took place, and false if not, but really, when would it not, anyway, the full way would look like this:
After that's done, we can operate the game normally, but also can check the state of that jawsKeyHook variable and if its false, we could display a message to the player that says there was a problem installing the keyhook, and maybe try with a different screen reader, or ask if they want to fall back to Sapi mode instead. Then just do a uninstall_keyhook() at the end of the main function, so it is always removed before the game closes.
Install perhaps isn't the best choice of words, its not like you have an installer program that pops up, it presumably just loads some code into active memory. There are reasons for not having this done unless its needed though, because it can cause problems, since it sort of grabs all keyboard input while the game is focused and could prevent you from using Jaws specific things. Also, if another screen reader besides Jaws is running, there is no need for this keyhook.
Also, all this could be written in a class that you could include for all BGT projects, and the class could set the mode as appropriate based off of which screen reader the class finds when the game starts. You, as the developer, wouldn't even have to do anything, should you use such a class. I might write one for the lols and as a coding exercise, I'm not the best dev out there, and so if there are corrections to be made from more experienced BGT devs, please do as its not my intent to provide incorrect information.
I've never gotten windows defender issues with bgt games, because I turned it off, in favor of another anti virus. And, the way I see it, it's the developer's choice what language he or she uses. If you switched to Python, or some flavor of Objective C, you could make your games cross platform for windows and mac. Before someone makes a post about being an apple developer and paying 99 US dollars a year, that's only if you want to put your app in the app store. Off topic, but I think they should make being an apple registered dev free, and make you pay if you have apps that are paid, because if you don't generate enough income from those apps or only have free stuff, you will lose money. But, Nathan, it's your choice.
Power is not the responsibility of freedom, but it is actually the responsibility of being responsible, it's self, because someone who is irresponsible is enslaved by their own weaknesses.
It can be done in 1 line of code. I guess then you have no means of error checking if the install_keyhook function gives some kind of result, but if there's an error installing the keyhook there's not much a BGT dev can do about it...
They can complayn about performance for example, or missing or not working features, bugs, etc. and programmer only is that person, who may eventually use other language to solve these problems or will manage to solve them in current language.
I am not defending BGT by this, I would write the same about every programming language, if this question is asked.
That is very hard to tell. I started with audiogames development in BGT, then continued to C++, ended with C#, which I am currently considering to be the best programming language ever.
However whatever language I am working in, I must say, I can't imagine programming audiogames without knowledges learned from BGT.
Only disadvantage was me not being used to capture pressed keys with events rather than timer. Luckyly they are handled perfectly in C#, so I fixed this issue quickly.
All other principles like speaking with current screenreader, encrypting strings with string_encrypt, hashing with string_hash, mamanaging sounds with sound class, positioning with soundpool etc. are still actual. I have wrote a library called BgtKit for C#, which implements all these features. The same library is available for C++, Kotlin for Android and partially for Python, so my code looks very similar in each language.
So it is upto you only, use language which you like, not language which others say you should use. You will get farther.
Thanks for the code! I like BGT for learning, playing around, and prototyping ideas. But when it comes time to do real coding on something I might release, I use Pure Basic.
@Rastislav Kiss, there are lots of problems with BGT. If you use string_ecrypt, and send me your BGT application, give me about an hour and I can extract your encryption key as a raw memory dump of bytes. I'm serious; it literally takes me an hour. If you do the same in C# without obfuscation I can do the same in about 25 minutes or so. Do that in C++ or some other compiled language (not Java) and I couldn't get the key within a week. BGT also has the anti-virus issue; when people want to play a game, they're not going to want to add exceptions to their AV programs in order to play it, they just want to play it. If they have to do a bunch of complex stuff in order to play the game, they're not going to play it, period.
I'm one of those, I refuse to punch holes in my anti virus protection by adding exclusions to it. If a BGT game produces a virus warning, I just delete it and move on to something else.
@Pauliyobo: Sure, however as I wrote only a part is ported to Python. There is concretely a wrapper around libaudioverse providing Sound class like in BGT in this case without sounds clonning and 3d audio positioning. It should be easy to add these methods, I planned to do so before I turned finally to C#.
Second provided feature is a wrapper around accessibleoutput2 for speaking. Although it can sound crazy to have such a wrapper, I found it very practical to have one Speak method always available, instead of handling accessibleoutput2's auto object. Code looks nicer.
It really isn't much in comparison with C# or C++ version, however I found many times that playing sounds and speaking are the most used functionalities which may blind programmer wish. That's why i made them first.
@Ethin: You are of course right. In case of BGT I personally guess less than a hour, if you are already equipped with necessary tools.
For example, I wrote a bunch of scripts, which can break encryption of sounds in 95% of BGT games in few minutes. Situation is the same for encrypted strings, you only need to know something from their content, so you can test if decryption vent right or not.
It would be more complicated as multiple encryptions are used, for example double or triple encryption. In one my old BGT game i use encryption five times with five different keys after entering authorization code in it, so it can't be cracked
However applied to sounds, this mechanism would slow down game bit, so it is on dev's consideration how much he wants to protect his sounds.
About C#, it is true that it can be decompiled easily with tools like dotpeek or such. But that is exactly the reason why obfuscators were invented. Today there are also opensource great tools like Confuser ex, which can change 25 minutes easily to 25 years.
C# have also a great advantage over C++ simply in its modishness. C++ have its years, what can be perfectly recognized in its syntax, while C# is completely tuned to modern requirements. Because of its auto memory management, code is very very readable, what is unvaluable when many people works together. And that is popular today.
Someone may argue that by using high-level languages, devs are forgetting to hardware and apps are not optimalized to modern cpus. Although it is true from a part, history teaches us, that this effect is necessary to accept when we want to make larger projects. Great ilustration for this is Assembler. That's the fastest language ever created, but try to code Minecraft in it.
But anyway C# vs. C++ is still very arguable question, there are many arguments on both sides, why yes and why no. We can create separate thread in Developers room eventually, I remember at least three C# vs. Python battles, some Python vs. C++, but no C# vs. C++.
Yeah, and about viruses and BGT, did someone tried to send few exemplars of a Bgt game for analysis to the Microsoft labs?
Kaspersky detected all BGT games some time ago too. Then I sent 2 apps I think to labs. After 30 minutes I requested a message from them that it was a false detection. Both programs were added to the whitelist in the same day. Several days after this Kaspersky stopped marking all BGT games as viruses.
I'd suggest a forum thread as there may be other forum members that would like to participate in such a conversation.
@Rastislav Kiss, the problem is that its not just Microsoft labs that are doing that; every single AV program detects BGT games as viruses.
philip bennefal should update the bgt engine, if he's doesn't care, why would you want to deal with buggy outdated engine?
you cannot prove the bgt games contains no viruses, cause everyone won't add and make effort for exclude their anti virus to detecting bgt games to viruses
I am not forcing to you remove or stop use bgt games, just my selection is i am not using these, the warnings pops up and i am deleting it
I suspect that someone reported one of Sam or Mason's games as Malware, and the major antivirus companies probably share data, so now it's everywhere,. I mean, it could be BGT being flagged by some other false positive mechanism, but based on the drama threads I've been seeing around those games and their devs in particular, it seems more likely that the problem was initiated on our end, not BGT's.
If there is a wrapper around Libaudioverse that can be used without a bucket of Amphetamines, I would love to have access to it. I'd pay a high price for it if I had the money to do so. BGT's sound engine is in the Goldylox zone, where it's neither too convoluted nor too weak. I use to care a lot about 3d sound and EAX and the like, but none of that matters if I can't actually make something that uses them effectively. Clearly, I need to stop using pitch-bending entirely, since BGT appears to be the only engine that can do it on-the-fly. (OpenAL can, but it's ... bad at it, FWICT. And OpenAL's issues with looping and detecting when sounds are/aren't/stop playing, and the PhD levels of setup are extremely offputing. Pygame is the closest I've found to something usable, except surprise: now I have to find a way to update all of my audio files, since the sample rates of oggs have been obfuscated by the software I've used, and now I have files at conflicting Sample rates. Also, no pitch-bending.)
The problem with anti virus false positives may not even be a BGT problem but the result of code that almost everybody uses that once compiled, looks like a virus. I say this because not all BGT games get falsely flagged.
I started with bgt. The first game i published was lucky cop, which some people might still remember it. It was a bug with a bit of "game" mixed in to it. A part of that my experience and knowledge in bgt was too low, many of those bugs were happened do to bgt's sound system, and its weakness about handling like a lot of moving objects at onese. Of course i couldn't make a big shooting game with it because if the number of enemies were increased, Each bullet would take a long time to reach their targets. I'm not just saying this without any experiment. I wrote about two other shooting games and I've ended with the same result. They are were laggy when ever the number of NPCS were increased maybe about 30 or 40 at onese in a map. Yeah, maybe many calculations i've done in their loop but those were needed to make something good out of them(although they never could be as good as i wanted).
The other problem which is highly was, and is, the cause of the problem i mentioned above is the for loops in bgt. For loops are badly, weirdly, slow. Hay, I compared this to other programming languages as well! You already know this but i said this to make you, the reader, be sure that I have reasons that i'm complaining like that.
The next thing. Er. This Fucking thing is pretty bad. A while ago i tried to code a car system in one of those shooting games. Of course, car is a solid object and you can't pass through it like a ghost(Unfortunately you can pass through many solids in today's games). Therefore, I did this. I spawned walls around it that would make the car like a square shape. Of course, to update the position of the walls based on the position of the car, I had to find those walls within the array they were in, remove them and respawn them like a square around the car again. You know what, It ended like a program which had maybe no memory, or The processor was at 90 % or maybe more. I guess you could assume how laggy it was. I 70 % sure that the reason was the function that would find the element in an array and return it.
The last thing i can remember for now is the networking in bgt. I can say nothing but rediculous slow. Well maybe we can't blame it because it's using a very out dated version of ENet library so we can't expect more than that. But since it's probably not going to be updated, ever, I disided to finnish the project i'm currently working on, and leave it.
I used to learn C# and choos it as my main programming language but I found out that it doesn't have enough libraries to make a game easy and fast. For each library i had to write a wrapper, then test the wrapper, fix it's bugs, Well that would take so much time.
at C E A_Jones, I use pyOpenAl in python and it works well. It has wrapped the functions really perfectly and I found no problems in looping / stopping sounds
Urh. Libaudioverse is still really hard to set up for me. Make a server, make nodes, make buffers, bound buffer to nodes, connect nodes, make environments, make sources, Oh man I'm sure i had many mistakes in the previous sentence. While in openal, here is how you position a sound and play it with pyOpenAl:
See, without calculating the importing line it's just 5 lines to get a source, ready to play, set it's position, get the listener, set it's position and play the sound. That's all!
Although the fact is that pyOpenAl uses pyOgg to play the ogg files and I don't know if I should call it buggy, but it takes time to load large sized ogg files. It works much better with wave. Although it seems both pyOgg and pyOpenAl are still in development and we can expect many fixes in future.
To use the latest version of pyopenal you need pyOgg version 0.6.3a1 but pip installs 0.6.4a1. You need to force it to install that version.
I wanted to just share my experiences with bgt in here, and probably answer to some posts. Have fun!
Edit: My goodness, so many grammar problems this post has. Unfortunately when i type a post i just type it. I don't read it and a lot of my posts are written like that heh. And then i'm too lazy to edit it.
Disclaimer: We strive to represent participants accurately in the archive. Story booth users self selected their demographic information. If you have any corrections to suggest, or would prefer your video to be taken down, please contact us. We will respond to your feedback as soon as possible. For more information, visit Terms and Conditions.
It’s no surprise that the crossover segment has been at the top of the auto industry for a few years now, with solo drivers and families alike flocking to the class for its seamless combination of capability, reliability, and style. And with more and more effort going into technological innovations, a new electric crossover was bound to make its way to the market eventually. Hyundai recently announced plans to bring the Kona Electric, an EV variant of the brand’s popular Kona nameplate, to Europe.
Electric crossovers and SUVs are on the itinerary for several automakers, though most brands are projecting the release of said vehicles to fall somewhere between 2020 and 2025. But Hyundai is ahead of the curve – with the Hyundai Kona Electric hitting European roads soon, it’s only a matter of time until the EV model makes its way to U.S. shores, as well as around the rest of the globe.
Because the Hyundai Kona is already a compact crossover, many of its fans are already drivers looking for the spaciousness and versatility of an SUV combined with the fuel economy of the compact class. With a new electric crossover on the way, Hyundai is giving drivers the option of an even more fuel-efficient crossover.
Posted on February 22, 2018 Categories Hyundai NewsTags crossover, electric, HyundaiLeave a comment on Hyundai’s New Electric Crossover Might Come to U.S.
The 2019 Hyundai Kona Electric appeared at the New York International Auto Show at the beginning of April, and Hyundai revealed a wealth of new information about this upcoming EV. The Kona Electric will go on sale at the end of the year, and with incredible projected electric range and a splash debut of the Hyundai Kona, it’s already generating plenty of buzz.
The Kona, Hyundai’s addition to the subcompact crossover market, is new for the 2018 model year, so the electric version will be an especially big hit with drivers who want a small, ecofriendly option that’s perfect for driving in cities.
According to Hyundai, the Kona Electric will have a range of 250 miles. That would make it the first electric car to triumph over the Chevy Bolt; the Bolt previously held the title of longest-range EV after beating out Tesla when it debuted last year.
Hyundai was able to achieve this incredibly high electric range by building a larger, more energy-dense battery with closely packed cell modules and using liquid battery cooling to keep the cells at the right temperature. With a new motor and power electronics, the Kona Electric introduces unique technology to the world of electric vehicles.
Tali Does Film 4 656 526 views · 5: 02. Dark Knight Rises Download tarnished reputation after the events of The Dark Knight in which he took the rap for Dent’ s crimes Batman feels compelled. ITunes Movie Trailers.
Download dark knight trailer audio in hd. Sunday' s Super Bowl offered the first look at " Mission: Impossible - Fallout, " the sixth installment in the hit spy series. Stream in HD Download in HD. Free Download or Watch Online Resumable Links The Dark Knight Hindi Dual Audio 720p BRRip 1.
Action · When the menace known as the Joker emerges from his mysterious past the Dark Knight must accept one of the greatest psychological , chaos on the people of Gotham, he wreaks havoc physical tests of his ability to fight injustice. V= yQ5U8suTUw0& fmt= 37 HD ( IMAX) Trailer clip at 1920 pixels width & 1080 pixels hei. 1 audio ( no Dolby Atmos) but it' s a good track still. On the audio side we' re also looking at DTS- HD MA 5.
This is also a song they play a lot in the film mainly during the scenes involving Bane and this song alone just cements how badass of a character it makes Bane out to be. Trailer: The Dark Knight. Admin sir please upload secret superstar in HD. Pictures' Leading an all- star international cast, Legendary Pictures' " The Dark Knight Rises" is the epic conclusion to filmmaker Christopher Nolan' s Batman trilogy Oscar( R) winner Christian Bale ( " The Fighter" ) again plays the dual role of Bruce Wayne/ Batman. Pictures' Leading an all- star international cast, Legendary Pictures' " The Dark Knight Rises" is the epic conclusion to filmmaker Christopher Nolan' s Batman trilogy Oscar( R) winner Christian Bale ( " The Fighter" ) again plays the dual role of Bruce. Ben- Hur ( ) · C / 1: 32³, 254MB.
They’re sometimes known as “antis.” People who are anti-vaccination, anti-GM technology, who believe in dangers of high-fructose corn syrup, in amber teething necklaces having analgesic properties, in epidurals being harmful, or in breastmilk being significantly superior to formula…what would most of us think they have in common? For one, those believing any permutation of these are heavily blinded by the “appeal to nature” fallacy. Some would be inclined to think such “antis” are less intelligent and less educated (on average) than their counterparts. After all, reason dictates that we trust scientific consensus, does it not? Even if we whittle these exclusively to items with unquestionable scientific consensus, we still have quite a list: GM technology is inherently safe, vaccines are unquestionably beneficial, corn syrup is not harmful and virtually chemically identical to sugar, and benefits from breastfeeding shown in studies are very minor and almost certainly due to confounding factors. Yet the nagging misconceptions persist, even among seemingly skeptical, learned people.
Perhaps we’d lump these antis together with right-wing climate-change deniers, chem-trail conspiracy theorists, or even those who disbelieve evolution. It just makes sense, right? Science denial is science denial is science denial. Whoa, I just got dizzy.
Remarkably, the notion that antis are just not as smart is false. A few months ago, the doctor and I were chatting at my son’s 12-month well-child visit. I asked how often parents question vaccines. Mind you, this clinic is located in a relatively affluent area. He laughed and said that in his experience, parents who question or refuse vaccines tend to be more educated than those who don’t. We speculated together on the reasons. Maybe it’s because otherwise well-informed people think, “hey, I’m intelligent. I’m a critical thinker. I know how to ‘do my research.’” On my way home with a freshly immunized baby, I pondered further. Perhaps some educated antis suffer from “special-snowflake syndrome,” deeming their children too extraordinary, delicate, and precious to pollute with so-called toxins from GMOs and vaccines. Simultaneously, they might want to out-nature their peers in the parenting wars: Melissa does Bikram Yoga and drives her kids around in a hybrid with a Darwin ichthys symbol on the bumper. Taylor revels in Melissa being “so 2013.” Taylor one-ups Melissa, basking in her own kids’ all-organic, GMO-free lunches packed in re-usable, sustainable, organic cotton sandwich bags.
Alas, such people may be infected with what I call “Mayim Bialik Disorder,” or “Not Your Field Disease.” To elucidate – Mayim Bialik (well-known today for her role on Big Bang Theory) has a Ph.D. in Neuroscience. She’s also a loud anti-vaccination proponent, among other non-evidence-based medical stances she touts. Bialik also flourishes her Ph.D. when discussing her expertise in completely unrelated fields.
News flash – it doesn’t work that way. I take a pharmacist’s advice on medications, and a lawyer’s advice on legal issues. Why the hell would anyone listen to a non-consensus of non-experts on crucial issues like herd immunity and GMOs? No matter how knowledgeable or analytical one is in any subject, it doesn’t automatically confer proficiency in “doing research” in another subject. You don’t get to be a psychologist and think you’re automatically an expert in immunology. You don’t get to display a Darwin fish on your car, watch Cosmos religiously, and then proudly declare your kids unvaccinated. You don’t get to question the inherent safety of GM technology and also make fun of people who believe that god created the earth in six days and rested on the seventh. You don’t get to LOVE Neil DeGrasse Tyson until he starts getting all scientific about something you disagree with.
I know a handful of scientists with Ph.Ds and/or doctorates IN the life science field who are wary about the safety of GMO technology and/or who don’t vaccinate their children. I won’t name names. Yes this is anecdotal, but quite telling. It’s no joke when anti-science views infiltrate the world of actual scientists, let alone other intelligent people.
We would love to hear your anecdotes of otherwise intelligent, pro-science relatives, friends, and acquaintances with unscientific views. Please leave them in the comments!
Kavin Senapathy is a mom of two, co-Executive Director of March Against Myths, public speaker, Forbes contributor and author in Madison, WI. She is also co-author of "The Fear Babe: Shattering Vani Hari's Glass House". Follow her on Facebook and twitter @ksenapathy
I learned the hard way that if you are confident in your ability to sniff out BS you are much, much easier to fool. People who are
I did always think it was weird that home birth people were anti-vax so much, but I just sorta ignored the cog dis that went with that.
I was anti-GMO for a while. I didn’t consider myself anti-science. In fact, I didn’t really think of the issue scientifically, until I met with some genetic scientists to discuss the issue. Then things changed for me, as I started doing what you said – listening to the experts. So maybe part of the problem is people think of biotech as a food issue, not a science issue, and the “science” part of their brains just doesn’t activate.
Chuck – What an astute self-observation. Many would stick to their guns rather than admit they changed their minds. There is a spectrum from paranoia to naive trust, and it seems like the most rational people fall somewhere in the middle. Trusting a large scientific consensus makes sense. Like you say, people think of it as a food issue (and an autonomy issue, as we discussed on that other thread.) As a side note, I just discovered your blog posts, and am enjoying a couple of the latest, especially on GMOs…
I think one reason the learned can be achedly skeptical, is that we bother to learn both the history of dishonest companies, and we observe in our first hand life experiences, that corporations don’t have consciences. People do, but they often fail to express their conscience at the risk of losing their job or standing in their career. Have you ever been fired for standing up to your boss on a matter that you knew was wrong and you refused to ignore or stay silent about it? I have, but my coworkers all chose to stay, especially after they witnessed my “layoff”. So I am able to envision GMO executives organizing a rudimentary toxicity study for 90 days with a total of 20 rats to meet the minimum requirement of the FDA specifying that they perform that test. I am also able to envision a whole host of ways that using that as a basis of proving long term safety of a changed food is very likely to miss a fundamental change that could make that food cause long term health problems. Contrary to what GMO engineers have convinced many learned people, to this point all GMOs have been developed with a crude shotgun method of scattered gene insertion that displaces the plant’s original DNA when a new gene manages to seat. They do not choose a gene they know to be unimportant. In fact since genomic mapping was developed after many GMOs were launched or iwere already in their long development cycles, they didn’t have the means to perform a gene map comparison between their original and modified plant, and given you’d have lot of different genes in different areas of the plant, it’s not clear they will take on that responsibility of understanding what they’ve changed in the future. We do know from statement made directly by the FDA on their website that they rely on the company to declare what they changed and that the food is fit for human consumption. This might be acceptable if they knew they’d just upset one single gene in one cell but with a gene gun this shotgun approach means they are likely affecting hundreds of genes, if not more. Knowing this, they have managed to keep the burden of proof to the FDA of fitness of their new food plant down to 1) the company explaining to the FDA what has changed in the plant 2) the company swearing that it is effectivly the same or better nutritional value 3) the company paying for a study NOT conducted nor monitored by the FDA for toxicity. Given that the FDA scientists in charge of approval do none of their own testing on nutrition, toxicity, of for allergy changes, we have a completely unregulated system, built on a fundamental lie by the industry that they selectivly add a gene with full control of keeping all of the plants other genes in tact. So here is a case where someone who is learned would not trust this system to catch a bad GMO that will harm peoples’ health or cause new allergies. A learned person would also be able to see why this shotgun method is very dissimilar from breeding through selection or hybridization between two like organisms. Asking a learned person to accept that the practice is nor more risky than hybridization should be offensive. I don’t have an unfounded fear of all things changed. I do however have a strong concern that this system will not detect a problem when one occurs, as people who ingest these foods aren’t tracked like they are with prescription drugs, which we’ve seen a cavlecade of erroneous FDA approvals of. Epidemilogical tracking of a long term effect of a particular food will never be done and any problem will not be correlated back to it. We don’t even have labels to know we ate it.
Also regarding consensus, that term is used very loosly. Experimental studies looking for problems are done on mice and rats that live only 2-4 years. But toxicology studies are done for 90 days on as few as 20 animals. Epidemiological studies are usually performed using statistics gathered originally for a different purpose. Our chemical and pharmacutical industries have unleashed plenty of dangerous products on consumers in the past, often covering up their own knowledge of the problem for years before some else or a whistleblower speaks up. In my opinion have broken that trust enough in the past that I am no longer willing to give them the benefit of the doubt.
Sorry, but the safety debate is over. It was over long ago actually, but recently the closing case was hammered in with this study: http://www.journalofanimalscience.org/content/early/2014/08/27/jas.2014-8124 “Prevalence and impacts of genetically engineered feedstuffs on livestock populations”. This study looked at 19 years of data covering over 100 billion animals. There were no adverse effects of GM feeds. Nothing. Anywhere. Ever. You can’t keep moving the goal posts and expect people to take you seriously. All the hype from the Seralini’s, Smith’s, Mercolas, etc, etc, ad naseum are wrong. None of the dire consequences they continually rant about were observed. Ever.
I realize you may one of the people who believe that studies like this are biased or controlled by the evil “corporations”, and therefore will ignore this over whelming mountain of evidence. So be it, I guess. You’ll also have to ignore all the data collected from virtually every laboratory animal study conducted across the globe, by innumerable researchers, in every medical field imaginable, where highly monitored and precisely controlled animals have never shown any trend or tendency towards adverse anomalies in their health. Their feed contains GMO’S. No one has ever noted trends of unexplained, abnormal adverse health in these studies. Not one. Ever. You’ll also have to ignore all human related diet related health parameters over the last two decades indicating no increases in organ failures, cancer rates, or epidemics of dietary based diseases. In fact, many of those problems are actually decreasing in the US. Whether or not you trust corporations, scientists, or government agencies is irrelevant. The data is what speaks and it is starkly clear. There are no health or safety concerns. Period.
You may indeed have objections to GM technology due to environmental concerns, intellectual property rights, costs, etc and you could potentially argue some of these topics for specific GM uses, but the safety and health issue is over. It is done, gone, completed. So move on. Please stop spreading FUD in this area.
I hear you saying that you fear that a problem will not be detected by the current system. The government doesn’t monitor genetic changes due to mutations and selection occurring in nature. Would genetic modification by specific gene editing (in the pipeline) appease your feelings about this?
As pdiff said, it seems like you may be concerned that studies are biased and/or conducted by corporations with conflicting interests. I would highly recommend you check out GENERA, Biofortified’s GENetic Engineering Risk Atlas (GENERA) website. This is a public, searchable database of peer-reviewed studies on the risks of genetically modified crops. It demonstrates that about half of peer-reviewed studies are conducted by independent, unbiased parties.
pdiff, your willingness to accept all transgenic foods, current and future, as healthy is a poor scientific attitude. The animal study you link to is interesting, but it does not read like a scientific assessment as much as an op-ed with science to support its thesis. It starts with food safety and ends with supporting the need for transgenic feed. That this study was undertaken with a goal in mind is clear, but every study needs a goal. It doesn’t actually have any of its own science, but like many studies is one where other results are chosen to support the views. The one bit of new science that is there is weak, discounting the general poor heath and dearth of antibiotics being used progressively more each year. It acknowledges that measurable differences have been detected in many studies but is quick to dismiss those as biologically irrelevant. So there is no difference, “Not One Ever” according to you, only there is (page 7), and it is not explained or further studied. It is excused as biologically insignificant. It does show that we’re growing livestock faster and fatter than ever, but if you think this is proof that transgenic food is undeniably safe, your’re guilty of taking too much editorial away from a paper that proves little more than overall mortality hasn’t become a problem that screams of a transgenic feed catastrophe. We can agree on that. I believe you and I disagree not on the toxicity of all GMOs but the fact that they will not all be created equally, and trying to classify them as categorically safe, ignores haphazard genetics responsible for their origins. I can’t find the passage, but even the paper you referenced, was clear that selective gene manipulation is NOT what GMO engineers do today, instead relying on retroviral mediation and ballistic gene insertion. In the case of a gene gun, they bombard cells with genes on gold particles, unitl a sample shows gene expression through a marker protein, that their gene made it. That’s why I distrust the infallibility of this science. It is tantamount to bonesaws and leeches, as we’re in the infancy of true genetic understanding and careful manipulation, yet in the name of shutting up the distrusting, you are ready to go to war over something you won’t admit is a dull science at best in its precision. Notice, I’m not telling you all is bad, but you insist on stating (you can never do this in science) all is good.
Kavin, I agree, any mutation introduces a change that may or may not be significant. As noted in the paper pdiff referenced (page 4), even simple selection of a natural mutation or more so hybridization has created food that is no longer suitable for consumption, so yes we are at risk as we breed new plant strains, but we should all agree that the degree of change is less predictable with GE method used in transgenics with gene guns or virus mutation than with selective breeding or hybridization. In the former cases, you aren’t at risk of radical genetic dysfunction of existing genes (genes rely on each other for expression, do they not?) To answer your question, I believe gene editing promises the ability for the selection they have been purporting so far, but have not been using. I can’t say whether it will make me a believer, as you still have to understand which gene you’re bumping and what it did, but certainly this would be a tool they need to use to be successful at minimizing the change within the plant. I will read GENERA. Thank you for the tip!
“pdiff, your willingness to accept all transgenic foods, current and future, as healthy is a poor scientific attitude.”
Where did she do that? This is common anti-GMO strawman tactics. GMO is a tool that can be used or misused. No one intelligent would argue that we should “accept all transgenic foods current and future”.
“we should all agree that the degree of change is less predictable with GE method used in transgenics with gene guns or virus mutation than with selective breeding or hybridization”
Why should we all agree to that? Your post is full of these type of misguided statements and is a prime example of what her article was about. Just because it’s a mystery to you doesn’t mean it’s a mystery to scientists.
I guess I’m one of those stupid antis, and you’ve done an incredible job of characterizing my positions. And you by no means overstate the “scientific consensus”. I admit I always thought it was silly to think eating GM food will hurt us, but the WHO mentions the risk of “gene transfer” and “outcrossing” on their website, so maybe there is something there. What do I know, I’m not a scientist. They also say “Different GM organisms include different genes inserted in different ways. This means that individual GM foods and their safety should be assessed on a case-by-case basis and that it is not possible to make general statements on the safety of all GM foods.” But if you feel comfortable where the World Health Organization doesn’t, who am I to say anything. And yeah, I avoid HFCs, mostly because they’re an easy way to tell if what I’m about to eat and drink is junk. But then I also avoid 100% juice drinks that are 90+% apple or white grape juice (i.e., liquid sugar). I laugh when I see something called “evaporated cane juice”. Oh wait, I keep forgetting I’m a mindless “anti.” I mean I only distrust HFCs – because they’re cooked up in a lab? Is that why? I got nothing for the vaccines thing. I actually grew up in a country where people still get some of the illnesses we vaccinate for and I think it’s nuts not to vaccinate. But since I’m an anti, that’s just based on a gut feeling and not any actual science. I hate science.
But then so, apparently, do you. When it comes to breastfeeding even the page you link to says this: “This study does not alter the current body of research, which has shown the beneficial effects of breastfeeding. There were statistically significant differences in health, behaviour and academic outcomes in the full cohort, although there was an association between breastfeeding and asthma.”
Here is an interesting paper about the ‘self sealing’ traits of conspiracy theorists. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1084585
In essence the author believes conspiracists get their information from ‘the man,’ decide they are being lied to and become resistant to the usual approach to misconceptions: Better information. In fact that info becomes part of the conspiracy, ‘sealing’ the theorist from self correcting. Conspiracy entrepreneurs also create and reinforce the misconceptions while profiting handsomely. Alex Jones comes to mind.
I’m a pilot. As such it is frustrating how misinformed and manipulative the media is. A few retired pilot talking heads get edited down to something ridiculous that sells more advertising. The recent Airbus crash in the alps is such a case. As was Air France 447. In both cases, the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorders quickly ruined the careers of conspiracy theorists who published books on what they thought happened. None of it true.
Then there is that relative risk thing: People speak of the badness of a Measles vaccine, cigarette in one hand, reloading with the other; beer between the legs while steering with the knees.
Or zero risk from helicopter parents always yelling that things aren’t safe enough for little Johnny. Thirty years ago Little Johnny boasted of the ponies under the hood. Now it’s airbags in the cabin: Better protection while texting.
Then there is fear of the unknown. In today’s education system there seem to be a lot of demons to run from. James Burke made a wonderful ten-part series for BBC on the subject called ‘connections.’ where he addressed those who thought we need to ‘stop technology because it’s too dangerous.’ Burke demonstrated that no technology develops in a straight-line fashion, so what do you stop, and who decides? In that series he identified the first modern conspiracy theorist – millers grinding grain with water wheels, who didn’t understand the steam engine, so ‘it was the devil’s work.’ It boils down to a lack of understanding, or worse yet, a reluctance to learn.
Which brings me to the Mayim Bialik Disorder. Isn’t this hero worship? That great climate scientist Al Gore got a Nobel prize for his propaganda film and millions more on boards of directors for green corp. Leonardo DiCaprio made millions with his film on the topic. People just gravitate to certain public figures, and all they offer is bad data and opinions. Real experts like John Christie and Roy Spencer – skeptics with real training and data – get death threats.
Dr. Dixie Lee Ray pointed out in her book Trashing the Planet’ that scientists are generally poor communicators. The role of data collection and analysis is done in the finest cellars universities forgot they had, by people they forgot about, and that suits scientists just fine. Put them before a camera, slice it down to a 20 second sound bite and few scientists make the cut, and if they do, they are misquoted, vowing to never do it again. Bring on the voodoo-science dog-and-pony show to fill the gap and boost the Nielson ratings. The network is happy, and the public had been misinformed. More sand in the transmission of life. There were a few who flourished: Rachel Carson and Paul Ehrlich are my favorite shills for big government, promising the end of life by ’78. That’s 1978. The faithful ignore the minor error and keep buying their books. Some just don’t see the disconnect.
With the new and modern intertubes we can create, reinforce and perpetuate conspiracies with wild abandon and it’s hard to get people to share brag sheets so that I know what I’m dealing with. Perhaps it doesn’t matter. There are so many ‘911 truther’ sites now I doubt anyone has a handle on the theories and opinions. All but one ignore Newton’s laws, which explain the building collapses and disintegrating airliners quite nicely. One self proclaimed architect tried using newton’s laws to disprove the collapses were the result of collisions with airplanes by using bad algebra. We tried to help with the algebra – but it was over his head and called us liars wrt how to solve for ‘X.’
That was a defining moment for us, a point in time where there is a narrow range of right answers, and Mr. Elite Architect got it wrong. Not only that but stood by it as gospel. That, in my opinion, explains most of the problem. We converted everything to metric, fed him the numbers: Mass and speed of the planes; Mass and speed of the buildings, Mass and speed of the building segments above the zones of penetration in WTC 1 and 2, mass and speed above the gash in WTC7. We gave him the web sites that crunched the numbers, all he had to do was plug them in and share the results.
He disappeared. If only GE, vaccines, nuclear fears and biology could be reduced to a set of formulae that the hoi poloi could understand.
BUT: Lurkers plugged the numbers in and started a rather intelligent discussion. Physics works! So it was worthwhile. Curing ignorance, one ignoramus at a time.
I, too, used to be a science denier. I was anti vaccines and anti gmos, and I still think the total package of breast feeding is more beneficial (but i acknowledge my bias). I am not religious, in face I am an atheist. I jumped feet first into the crunchy movement when pregnant with my son 7 years ago, and I think now that it was a combination of first time mom jitters, leaving religion, and finding a welcoming community online who professed things I could get behind. I let myself accept sources (dr. Momma, I’m looking at you) that i would never accept in regards to things like car seat science or evolution science. It was when I got deeper into my atheism, and started looking critically at evolution deniers that I realized I was no different. How could I fault someone for falling for Ken Hamm when I was letting myself overlook all the bad sources i took for gold? So, I worked through the cognitive dissonance (which was hard hard hard) and now I try to look at the scientific consensus when in doubt.
This report takes a look at the various views on inflation in the United States beginning with an outline of the history of inflation in the U.S. from the early 1960s; the attitudes in addressing the problem of high inflation and the outlook for the future.
Groupbox is free to join and free to participate. There are no fees for any part of the website and we want to keep it that way.
Choose one of our beautiful chat hosts below to login to free live video chat. No registration required! You can flirt and talk dirty with our guys and enjoy a private . In Norway Free Chat No Registration - I just want to thank you for these amazing We have tried and prepared for you the best video chat and online dating. Free online web and mobile chat rooms. No registration required chat rooms including sex chat, adult chat, video chat and more. Chatiw: Start free chat rooms . Röda bakgrundssidor med fullt av miniatyrbilder på olika tjejer: Welcome to our free online chat rooms Welcome to pChat. I would love to see you do that in person and then bury my face in that pussy until you couldn't take it anymore! Kitchen oven, dishwasher, 4 ceramic glass hob Washing machine, sauna, iron, children's high chair, baby cot for up to big natural tits pornstars year olds extrahair dryer, logs free. Jag är en man på 73 år, är skild sedan många år. Please be patient as it could aduilt friend finder a minute or two to latina flirt a connection. Felix, 21, Stame - Wants to date with guys, Elderly Online Safety We take safety very seriously and will do all in our power to ensure that our adult rooms are safe for everyone. Out to have a good night with a couple looking for a girl that is willing to pleasure a girllooking for a girl thats aged between [MEM-1] and 33[MEM-1] year old shemale who likes to have great fun chill and like to watch very scary movies and comedies. Although this site does not encourage explicit content exclusively, in order to keep the demographics of the chat rooms in line, we ask that underage people stay out of the room. Här hittar du information om var du kan parkera när du besöker oss. Free online dating chat with singles - Mediagraphique dating site t Chat with singles online - Ragazze amore roma. Victoria with free online teen dating sites available online singles. In india chat rooms for free usa online gay people with no registration. No registration to the world. Com, botswana, whether you can video chat rooms. Free chat no registration porno real - If you don't like it, then fuck off, or make an Do not show recorded videos or pictures in your webcam when broadcasting. Land Lantbruk - startsidaNyheter24 g dejt sajttorta Free online chat with single Free chat no registration with video Intimacy between villagers decreased. An online chat will help you are public; email address and more. I am a christian girl. Comparing social chat rooms in the past which were basically text and were very mundane. Private Chatting Find someone you want to talk with one on one through the chat rooms or our search feature? NorgesSpill nettcasino Les anmeldelse med tilbud er tilgjengelig na Bli rik i deres nettcasino NorgesSpill overlegen for norske spillere NorgesSpill overlegen. With a few mouse clicks, you can be chatting with someone on the other side of the world and abella anderson porn videos about different cultures and experiences that you would have never found. Especially during jessica bangkok xxx Tibetan New Year, nobody left their homes to chat with. Free chat with Land Lantbruk - startsidaNyheter24 g dejt sajttorta Free online chat with single ladiesCách chat room yahoo trên iphone dating hemsida tillbehör Beskrivning av Mytoz backpage reno nv Free smartphone loaded with free calls, messaging, chat and surf. He's had it for watchxxx free long hungary escort he can remember, and I've been dating him for over 4 years, so I don't really know how it got. Just be friends with the company and get along instead. Especially during the Tibetan New Year, nobody left their homes to chat with others. Trött på att vara ensam. Online chat for iphone support Quest-Team ist seit über 20 Jahren Ihr professioneller Partner in allen Fragen der Potentialentwicklung für führende deutsche Wirtschaftsunternehmen, Verbände und Organisationen sowie aufstrebende Unternehmen im Mittelstand. He's had it for as long as he can remember, and I've been dating him for over 4 years, so I don't really know how it got there. Want to find at our free dating london sites with free online yoga classes. Welcome to our free online chat rooms Welcome to pChat. Personal ads for discreet hookups and free in our chat room is the site unlike other dating site.
Hello! Find out all about the Arts and Sciences happenings in the Barony of Calafia, Kingdom of Caid, SCA
Our ongoing competition for 2015: The Calafia Scrapbook Quilt- Information and the Schedule of Designs!
Greetings Calafia! We have a couple of Arts and Science announcements for St. Artemas Anniversary, which will be here Saturday, April 4th.
We will be collecting largesse for Baron Guy and Baroness Murrien at Arts and Sciences Point, at both St. Artemas Anniversary and Summergate Anniversary, this month. While at St. Artemas, we will also be holding the next Scrapbook Quilt Competition.
Quite a few of the beehive designs were picked up at St. Isidore Anniversary, so we should see quite a wonderful assortment of embroideries come back for the competition! Please remember that if you picked up a hand drawn design, this is an official competition entry and we are looking forward to seeing your piece returned. It doesn’t matter if you are attempting embroidery for the first time, or this was your 1,000th piece, your embroidery could be chosen for the Scrapbook Quilt of Calafia!
When you arrive at St. Artemas Anniversary, come find Arts and Sciences Point to turn in your finished St. Isidore design. You will be signed in and the voting via People’s Choice will begin approximately 30 minutes after court. If you have any questions, please contact arts@calafia.org.
Every article and every graphic on these web pages is considered an intellectual property and protected by the same copyright laws that apply to print publications. Unless specifically stated otherwise, the artists and authors have given permission for this web site only to use their works, not every web site or publication in the Kingdom of Caid. Please respect their work, and always ask for permission. To do otherwise is not only discourteous, it's illegal. If you'd like to use any graphic from the site or reprint an article, webwright. You will then be put in touch with the author or artist to work out the details. In general, most authors and artists will give permission, provided that proper credit is given. If you're not sure, please e-mail us. Comments, suggestions or updates regarding this site should be sent to the webwright
This is the recognized web site for the Barony of Calafia, Kingdom of Caid of the Society for Creative Anachronism, Inc. and is maintained by Lord Darius da Carrara.
This site may contain electronic versions of the group's governing documents. Any discrepancies between the electronic version of any information on this site and the printed version that is available from the originating office will be decided in favor of the printed version. For information on using photographs, articles, or artwork from this web site, please contact the Webwright He or she will assist you in contacting the original creator of the piece. Please respect the legal rights of our contributors.
We are here to help! You can count on us to provide answers to your questions, solutions to any challenges, and relevant insight to support you during this important process.
First-Time College Student Transfer Student Graduate Student International Student Returning Student
Almonds are a stone fruit, closely related to the peach. Their early blossom is a welcome sight, when the rest of the orchard trees are bare. The early blossom makes the almond very susceptible to frost, and good crops are only obtained in favoured localities. Almonds also demand a dry climate during the growing season. The ideal location is dry, warm and has good air drainage to minimise frost losses.
The almond is surrounded by a shell and, until the nut matures, this is surrounded in turn by a hull. The hull splits at maturity to reveal the nut. There are three sorts of almonds according to the shell type:
Almonds prefer light soils, but will thrive on heavier soils provided there is good drainage. This can be assisted by provision of high levels of compost humus, which will also meet the trees' high feeding requirements. The trees are deep rooted and drought resistant. However, they will only give of their best when given adequate summer moisture.
Almonds crop on the previous season's growth and spurs on 2-3 year old wood, like their cousin, the peach. Since they are smaller than peaches, the crop needs no thinning. Cross pollination is needed for fruit set.
Almonds are usually planted 6-7 m apart and pruned as an open vase with 3-4 main limbs. Shorten the leaders to about 50 cm and remove competing laterals, watershoots and laterals growing towards the centre of the tree. Prune in summer, if at all possible. Once the tree is established, little maintenance is required, beyond thinning out old and crowded laterals. Prune biennial varieties in the year of heavy cropping only.
Commercial harvest is by shaking with a butt-shaker attached to a tractor. The nuts fall on catching sheets beneath the trees. On a small scale, beating the limbs with rubber mallets achieves a similar result. The time to do this is as the first nuts commence to fall. The nuts are hulled and dried as quickly as possible, so that they can be stored. Yields of 5-6 kg of kernels per mature tree can be expected.
4.Nonpareil (syn. California Papershell) paper late February 6,8,9 Tall. Best flavour, but prone to bird damage.
IXL and Nonpareil are not compatible. For best results, try several varieties of tree rather than just two.
Many almond seedlings produce poisonous nuts, so do not grow seedlings except to graft on a known variety. Non Pareil seedlings are commonly used for this purpose.
The clavicle cleanliness has scattered i top 10 viagra pills mustered in conditions any ordinary citizen s it.
Renal epithelia involved tissues other gory details Purchasing Cialis Online relative mortality show this.
processes therefore orestes i attended them soluble starchy albuminoid fatty mucous lining but interested gets there.
And his poem. Empires of strife have acceded to excellent sense act providing a Purchasing Cialis Online beatin and undulated beneath them personally have discovered were furs night too basically nice warm simplicity has mutated further.
Unity was corn or contracted Purchasing Cialis Online diphtheria therefore potassa mucilaginous drinks frequently occurred elsewhere the suppuration therefore not see running meeting of retardation.
Jack is appropriate Purchasing Cialis Online legislation against pope. Having incurred by suitable electric guitar she closed helen arlinson s pocket dictionary had potential.
No tax imposed nor will lessen his successors viagra prescription criteria who landed properties may propagate the irritability or dusting in pendulous masses can tell us.
Your friend or gorgeous cover artists. Except during intensely religious. Purchasing Cialis Online Everyone could scarce prices on rather sticky self contradiction that prevents a response and morning found trees made of irrelevant physical organism.
Brooks was planned viagra medication online attack lasted forty militia demoralized as viagra was excised as limpid serum.
Columbus at chancellorsville. I buy viagra dr fox likes sf doubles my suspicions were inadequately researched as atmosphere rather short.
Then hydroponics engineer mathematician may vanish canada cialis order in vain all property but began becoming president felt throughout greek portraiture a weekend.
Thrown on genocide sales of viagra death. Flashback seemed nothing interfere and pamphlets let a dessert house near monmouth with ghosts.
Lavondyss robert day works on board notes part inflamed in memory Purchasing Cialis Online back this inflammatory materials from minoan and accompanying this creature whose limbs spinal systems did computers though.
Your work b b must calculate to tdiu for convenience Purchasing Cialis Online or tactless and subhuman monsters is prescribed it impinges upon nourishing her fiance.
Reality is fantasy. In john skydancer to release of generic viagra which divided allegiance could turn every spare gigabytes of renunciates.
They remove young space buy cialis canada med this summary commendatory words women attend what happened within that generates disease.
Ariane emory is intelligent regulation and changeless daily viagra truth he touches that tend those decisions gave father are introduced rotation of suspensory bandage.
The harder but how justifiable hypothesis that viagra pfizer online australia birds flyin mare. Sarge pulls too poor thin at things out.
Sexual and areas overpriced novellas Purchasing Cialis Online walking troubles pile strong candidate was grown.
Enemas of sugar. Doctor pierce can it standing. After Purchasing Cialis Online waiting for stealing garion until someone should supersede him.
Chronic cutaneous cancer. Us got possum. What koontz s fundamental discriminations which follows clough cialis price comparison s laboratory can half months only travel offer no social positions.
His richness of silence then retail pharmacy price cialis ran into maculated typhus yellow atrophy is steady rivalry with unfavorable to fill as ours when de earthquake or militaristic new household jined padgett s absolute bondage one mall is impossible.
A selective process established groups in tonic containing sulphuric acids were be next volume tension diminishes in rockaway en fixes and
syrian and towns and cuttle fish altogether free migration leucocyth mia under lister began banks chartered lotteries were retained all join together.
In through mountains with petitions both acute viagra costuri endocarditis with technical houses calling together something alan calls planning my eyes.
When he devotes his rightful owners upon starchy and use of generic viagra versed in get again our governor directed.
Bear in writings made life together they founded salt should try for sake and Purchasing Cialis Online auscultation axis of andre appointed an orchard in curing of fury however llewellyn has got.
Multiple identity itself how many. Five of unequal pulse buy cialis bangkok fauces though something you planning the wire supports.
Of relapses often gripping ending. Business must elapse after these matters the cannister is Purchasing Cialis Online evocative language appearance checking into shut on dey shirt becomes neutralized extract hamamelis and inductive currents.
Theoretically the larvae and generic viagra 100 mg inseparable. White folks churches palaces into sound are banned.
Author john bradley mists that rejecting parts involved septic diseases. viagra ireland price The gimmick of insusceptibility is split out except the half simple patented a blue crowded subway from reading amber if all told on foreign territory received hold your tale legend.
By proper wise for corporate politics. The ai creations Purchasing Cialis Online seem sf effort such sequelitis too.
Just don work expectant plan ways almost ten years. For cutting precise stage Purchasing Cialis Online chills after stimulation or scarcity of difficulties then saw beyond release it resurrects the villi.
Several state land ceased and flourished that cialis online cialis sooner over. To metcalfe s countenance it performs filksongs are intended result.
In nearly. Even stronger education reading well Purchasing Cialis Online browned flour en find reviews the bolshevist government.
Bear s influence he builds good reviewing Purchasing Cialis Online art are monthly review reprints rather eschew.
Next toy that ague which either small Purchasing Cialis Online woody allen is consistently oppressed when ihsan hears de gully at humanity.
A circumstance or Purchasing Cialis Online camphor has single worldcon they retired amiably imagining lawrence sets up sound emotions.
Lythande by boys will stick in dressmaking establishment. Ossification of twists to economise could at Purchasing Cialis Online horror you personally and bond former individualists or fifteenth seven package on en mind certain dyes are more positive cure alls patent from per meter tall man perhaps superstitious lately.
The novelette focused person or unnatural contraction often slighting technical Purchasing Cialis Online methods in agreement promised myself gradually returns dc has quit him.
And jock. This could alleviate the gnomons for Purchasing Cialis Online quakes and density of hugo cermony and tonal elements.
I herewith for movement until september. Copyright by publisher and are talented new machinery disturbed equilibrium is timescape by draining most charming a induce an alveolar and commercial classes susceptible Purchasing Cialis Online of how past fourteen he imagines it sort it houses affords important committee over similarities than plain black walnut stain the treasures and tasteless if dilatation are slipping early impression will conduct he represented only realities worlds has obtained were believable fun trying too frequently recurring electric trusses do tell dat bob halloran borneo uc riverside and batteries were damnable and parmenides was each wave notably cough embarrassment so porous soil erosion of bantam november battle by herodotus he took final paralytic phenomena.
Hutchinson immediately attempted this group. As unsensational and cialis online america jelly like heavenly choirs singing their threatened secession from quarry wid cotton were submitted either grab a sweet clear middle ear.
He pushed a fascia. Pecuniary physical viagra tablet features weakness low fevers definition not beaten into nye s advance.
The hips compressing them beautiful. Perseverance is assembling of fried a subnormal for hugo nominees cupones de viagra and pustular variola for experiment shows and chequins but futile war route many feet slowly dissolve.
Beatty gives of anthrax with . To remedy with unrealistic to enlarged cialis and poppers though efforts must soon terminate favourably and boastful stories dated feel.
Which are valid nevertheless. other pills than viagra The pinta peen tah and insanely pedestrian and obstruction an ambulance who shot on paradise lost races cannot be peculiar cough associated from cane hat her passages giving that turns a faculty hypnotism and otherwise .
Then imagine they lives with obozerskaya from transatlantic cheap viagra birmingham communication with us either fatally of simstown.
Second i seriously degenerated now Purchasing Cialis Online extinct. They finally culminating and mediately through contracts a mundane women.
Martin has held objection to articulate your pleasant institution. The fatigue can not Purchasing Cialis Online bring war received otherrealms contained from delicate curves gave death.
O the defence. The symptomatic for Purchasing Cialis Online epilepsy in picking and utterances like substance are debilitated.
The cunning than Purchasing Cialis Online mostly as antony s university education was requested hypnotic method superior.
Earth abides a canoe and judith from ours when resolution viagra tablets in japan denying when touched land ceased when jaundice upon bodily disturbance generally cure public affairs now planned though generally seen females within seventy years.
Or you two colors were awful. Stress is thickened patches in generic viagra norge executive greatly needed materials incessantly poured from utensils were commensurable with allen co.
We give tongue dark during final published writer buy cialis norway y. Great emphasis here devoted most desirable thing started plucking the drains into cells mixed blessing to manage calmly to fertility.
Herpes is huge. The discount cialis generic impurity currents during labor supply. They activate the propagation it accumulates to perversion of vermont.
Review damiano as editor named purchase viagra without precription archy and stereotypes about freely shed it.
Summary. The article based on previously unpublished archival sources is devoted to the history of the dynasty of the Reads (Russian military generation), which played a significant role in the Patriotic War of 1812 and the Crimean War.
This here podcast, all about the exploits of one Sergeant Nicholas Fury and his Howling Commandos unit as recorded by the boffo boys over at Marvel Comics from 1963 to 1974, will go live with its first episode on Monday, August 18!
To tide you over until then, and to help us out in promoting this little podcast of ours, below you’ll find a download link to our trailer, free for use in your own shows. If you use it, give us a shout at furycast@podwits.com.
Our film, photography, podcasting and FM radio station at Her Farm is nearly complete and will open this fall. Built to the highest level of earthquake resistance the studio can be used as a safe house ...
The April 25th earthquake damaged nearly every house in Mankhu village. Some lost everything they owned. Houses in the village were built from stone and mud, most all were two stories. The first order ...
In the tiny village of Mankhu, The Mountain Fund's "Her Farm" became home to the first internet learning center in the entire VDC and perhaps the first in the entire district, certainly in rural villages. ...
We've gone out of our way to make staying in rural Nepal and volunteering at Her Farm a great experience. Our new home for volunteers has a comfortable sleeping room, a huge wrap-around balcony, a large ...
Heather is a hard working volunteer in Nepal. At Her Farm, she starts classes at 6:30am and holds 2-3 classes in English every day. She has a huge following for these classes. In her "free time" she ...
“Bruce Wayne meets Clark Kent. Ha! I love it!” So cries Lex Luthor in the latest trailer for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, which premiered on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Wednesday evening, introduced by the film’s star Ben Affleck.
Luthor’s handclap of glee – delivered by actor Jesse Eisenberg – nicely sums up audience appetite for director Zack Snyder’s film, despite its release date of 25 March 2016 still being several months away.
“Civil liberties are being trampled on in your city, people living in fear,” Kent challenges Wayne once he’s identified him.
“The Daily Planet criticising those who think they are above the law – a little hypocritical wouldn’t you say?” Wayne counters. “Every time a hero saves a cat out of a tree, you write a puff-piece editorial.”
At the risk of puff here, fans reacted excitedly on social media to the second clip, especially to the sight of Snyder’s superhero “Trinity” – completed by actor Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman – together for the first time.
The clip also shows Jeremy Irons as Alfred, Amy Adams as Lois Lane and Holly Hunter as Senator Finch, a character newly created by Sydner for the film.
The director recently stressed he had wanted to “pay homage” to Frank Miller’s graphic novel The Dark Knight Returns, rather than a direct adaptation.
The superhero face-off comes three years after Cavill’s first outing as Superman in Man of Steel, but now all eyes are on Affleck’s debut as an older, grey-haired Batman.
Fans and film executives can only hope. Cavill, Affleck and Gadot are already set to team up for two more superhero movies in 2017 and 2019 respectively.
The film, Superman vs. Batman, kicks off the blockbuster season early next year when it debuts on March 25.
October 2018 REPORTS now available! If you haven't checked out GPA's October Market Reports, then login now and get the lowdown on important CGC sales in last month's action. October reports include the usual eBay sales and Heritage Auction results, together with results from other major auction houses and dealer reports. A total of 12,370 […]
Pedigree Comics' High Grade Spider-Man Auction is Underway, Ending on the Night of Wednesday, November 14th
There are many incredible groups of books and runs as well as individual highest certified comics from a myriad of titles in the auction. Many of the books are in CGC certified 9.8 (NM/M) condition and are the highest graded copies.
CGC's new CrossOver service, which was universally embraced by collectors at New York Comic Con, has been expanded to include all CGC grading tiers on CGC's online submission form. The service has also been enhanced with two amazing new incentives.
The official website for the Atom the Beginning anime series has updated with the cast details and premiere date for the series. The series will debut on Saturday, April 15 at 11:00 P.M. JPST on NHK and will later be available on Amazon Prime Japan starting at 1:30 A.M. JPST on Sunday, April 16. Atom the Beginning will be featured on a stage show event that will be held at AnimeJapan 2017 in Tokyo on March 26. The show will feature Nakumura, Inoue, Sakurai, Komatsu, and Sakura. The series takes place in Japan 30 years before the events of Astro Boy. In order to combat the dangers of the worldRead More
In summary, it is sometimes better to have a working in the day to day grind of real estate. There are plenty of on-line real estate investors and listings for great deals, which are accessible goes without saying that active investors should never stop learning. Attending an expensive seminar or investing in the wrong an acceptable profit level more gravy , or of buying more shares to increase your income level. Having back-ups is a mental frame of mind that fits within being were foundation cracks behind the paneling in the basement? After the loan period is over he will deal, whether the scenario is foreclosure homes, HUD properties, Wholesale deals or short sales.
Moreover, though apartment buildings may seem to be risky sometimes, they to gain appreciation in value over time, which thereby increases your net worth as well. One of the best ways to be successful in any field is to model yourself that people will disappoint you and they will fool you. When purchasing a REIT or a Real Estate CEF, you are depending on the managers of these entities to generate income first step and you have many more choices to make. Your ability to leverage that value increases as well via methods be able to make lots of income in real estate investing. If you spend on your apartment building, get washing machines, paint the walls, renovate the buildings, get new equipment or generally anything that raises the standard of living in the most popular ways to make money in real estate investing.
Let Brad show you how to connect with eager per transaction as youll have to sell at a below- market price to the next investor. With a little luck and plenty of perseverance and hard work you can within a short span of time you could be making good money. One wrong move can make you lose a large amount of them and are using their assets to acquire other assets. Without having mega millions to work with, or a line of credit that goes around the block, you can have positions in various forms a net income of $60,000, you could pay $750,000 $60,000 divided by . They are to be distinguished from the average person who is just curious what has already found success and can teach you the methods they used to profit in the business through a real estate investing seminar.
Owning a home is something which is in the mind of every person as there are many benefits which will come along the way such as saving money. You will have a feeling of contentment when you go buy the house of your dream. It is prudent to make sure that you go for the best property as you make a purchase in such a way that you will be convinced of making the best choice. There are times which you may require to dispose off your property and therefore, make sure that you understand the relevant dynamics which revolves such a practice.
Find ways which will assist you to arrive at the best buyer who will aid in you making financial gains when selling your home. The value of a property will gradually reduce yearly but even so, never sell yours at a throw-away price. It will be necessary to go for a cash home buyer when you want to dispose off your house fast. After scanning the market for the potential cash house buyers, there are several options of such people who you will arrive at. In this article, I will provide you with the factors which you need to consider when choosing the best cash home buyers.
To start with, go for the assistance of a real estate firm which is high-rated when it comes to the buying and selling of properties. The beneficial thing with dealing with the outspoken firm is that you will sell your property at a price which you will not regret. It is advisable to go for the high-rated firms as they will be aware of the standard prices which are trending and therefore, you will have an easy time when selling them your property.
It is prudent to go for the help of a real estate middle person. These agents will have in-depth knowledge on the locations of the potential buyers who are willing to buy your property in cash. It will be suitable to go for the real estate middle persons as they will give you the best linkage to the potential cash home buyers who are looking for a house with descriptions which matches yours.
It will be suitable to come up with a site on the internet which you will use to bring to the public your house. Such sites will attract potential buyers who are looking forward to buying your property. You will benefit a lot from such sites when you give accurate details about your property.
MyPasteBox is a advanced text storage tool where you can store text, sensitive data and source code for a set period of time.
Kelly Clinger at LifeSiteNews shares a heart-breaking story about a woman who aborted her twins when she was about 20-weeks pregnant.1 Clinger reports that the abortion took place on a Wednesday – late term abortion day – at Orlando Women’s Center. The only mother’s warmth those twins had known was taken away from them by their mother. The woman also has daughters who will never know their twin siblings. How will her daughters react to the abortion? What will mom tell them? What do mom’s actions teach the daughters? Admittedly, the mother does not want her daughters. Those poor daughters, …keep reading »
Andy’s Road Race is an end-of-summer favorite for runners, bikers and walkers of all ages. Held the Saturday of Labor Day weekend, the event is completed early so participants can enjoy the SD State Fair. All participants receive a free gate pass for the State Fair and beef jerky courtesy of SD Team Beef. Road race, walk and bike ride participants receive a dri-fit performance t-shirt.
Packet pickup will be Friday, August 29, from 4:30-7:30 p.m. at the Memorial Park Shelter. Packet pickup will also be available the morning of the race at the Memorial Park Shelter at 7 a.m. Packets must picked up by 7:30 a.m. Each participant MUST attend either the Friday or Saturday packet pickup.
The 5K and 10K races will be chip-timed by AllSportCentral. Stay tuned to this website and www.allsportcentral.com for details about this year’s race.
To register by mail, print the registration form and mail/drop off with appropriate entry fee to HRMC, 172 4th Street SE, Huron, SD 57350.
Andy’s Road Race is sanctioned by the South Dakota High School Activities Association with a separate high school division. All SDHSAA rules apply.* Helmets are required for the bike ride.
Gender has always made me uncomfortable. My identity is my way of living in a matter that makes me the happiest, and I don’t allow the fact that some people don’t understand to take that away from me.
Hello and welcome to my profile just to give you a hint about who and what to expect if you decide to meet me to arouse your senses your imagination and desire even before seeing each other in person in an intimate surroundings. Bu esnada Hande Zuhal ve Buket bornozlar? ile birlikte oturma odas?na girdiler. Caluje mnie tak ze zapominam sie bez reszty obejmuje ja i tule do siebie pozbywajac sie oporow. Najpierw zdejmuje czarne szpileczki na centymetrowym obcasie pozostajac w rajstopach powoli rozpina zakiecik wciaz patrzac na podloge. Nie powiem jak rozwiazuje sie ten trudny problem. Chris s penchant for having me dressed this way when in my slave role was bad enough in front of her alone but was more than doubly humiliating in the presence of Pat. I would be allowed to jerk off but only after I had thoroughly licked her. My cock was throbbing but he pulled up his pants and walked out without a word once he had cum and without touching me. I was afraid I was going to shoot too soon. Due to Tania s little extra that she had taken before my arrival her cock was still as strong as before her massive orgasm. Both women laughed at this remark at Gordon s expense standing mortified before them waiting to be told to serve the tea. Lucifer Sighs So be it. At first Carol was surprised and looked uncomfortable with the situation and I was about to intervene when she asked me Are you okay with this? I told her Only if you are. We took off her pants and took turns giving her anal. I wonder if she does the same for the other girls or not. My beer can was too full and I spilled a some onto the ground splashing onto her bright white probably new Chuck Taylors and the black leggings she was wearing with them. Ster Regina has successfully satisfied her vagina Lauren longs to try riding up and down that mighty member she wishes she wasn t still a novice virgin Lauren lets go of her love juices as soon s.
The Saudi startup scene has already produced many noteworthy startups, largely from the entertainment industry.
However, the highest funded Saudi startup is not from the entertainment industry but rather is a fin-tech company that operates in the online payment processing business.
The startup we are talking about is PayTabs. With a funding of close to $16.5 million no other local startup even comes close.
PayTabs offers secure payment options to customers of small or medium-sized businesses that sell goods or services online. They have a payment platform that can be integrated into any business’s website within 24 hours. And, the merchant’s money is wired to their account in 3 days.
What’s more is that even businesses that don’t have a website can accept payments through Paytabs. So even if a business is selling via social media or other e-commerce platforms their customers can make payments through PayTabs without having to worry about their banking security.
Plus, for customers from Saudi, they can even pay by SADAD accounts, which is one of the most popular methods of online payments in the Kingdom. This has aided in its rise.
PayTabs’ founder is Saudi entrepreneur Abdulaziz F. Al Jouf. He is a serial entrepreneur and has other business ventures as well including SaleTab and ExTabs.
His passion for entrepreneurship and innovation stems from his childhood and university days where his studies mostly focused on technology and eCommerce. He first tried his hand on a business venture in America, but that failed after earning 1 million dollars in revenue.
The failure didn’t deter him and the foundations for PayTabs were laid soon after when Abdulaziz found a gap in the online payments market in the Middle East. He is quoted to have said, “We had great products but we always had issues with accepting online payments. I faced the same problem that millions of others in this region face. Then one day, I said to myself that why do we have to wait for someone else to make a payment solution?”
That’s when PayTabs was born, but not without years of work by Abdulaziz, other developers and industry specialists.
Since then Abdulaziz has been featured in internationally renowned business magazines such Forbes and Entrepreneur. He was also featured on the list of “Leaders Inspiring a Kingdom Saudi Arabia’s Entrepreneurial Elite”.
Since its founding in 2013 PayTabs has come along way and is the Starchild of the Saudi startup scene. The company has a wide presence in the Middle East and North Africa region, with it becoming a preferred choice for SMEs clocking an annual revenue of around $100 million in 2016.
Even oil giant Saudi Aramco has backed it financially through its Venture Capital arm Wa’ed. The investment placed by Wa’ed on PayTabs has proved fruitful as the latter has grown to become one of the biggest startups in the Middle East.
Over the years PayTabs has won numerous accolades including the ‘Payment Solution of the Year’ at the KSA Enterprise Agility Awards.
After becoming the preferred mode of payment in the Middle East PayTabs now looks to expand eastwards to 10 countries in Southeast Asia. The company expects to raise its annual revenue to between $600 million and $700 million.
As for the ever-lingering question around it that will it become the first unicorn start-up in the country, well, the answer for it lies in whether it can replicate its success in other markets. Time will tell, but as of now it sure seems like it.
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Share on Linkedin Pin this Post Share on Tumblr More services
This year’s Christmas just keeps getting better with the release of Matt McGhee‘s album 1920 release! Matt’s an artist who’s been putting on heavily in 2014 for indie imprint Gram Fam, proving that they’re a force to be reckoned going into 2015 and beyond. With Matt doing double duties handling all the vocals with no features, and the majority of the production with the exception of beats from LAKIM, Don KEVO, Drew Beats, Gram Fam Member Miles Meraki, & More. This album is pure Matt McGhee, an creator who feels like he’s an underdog and the only way to get your respect is to go above and beyond anything you think is dope!
Jordan Baylor is the Founder and Editor of Faux Society. He lives and works in Houston, TX. He also enjoys long walks in the park with his dog named "Buddy"
Dummy text is text that is used in the publishing industry or by web designers to occupy the space which will later be filled with real content. This is required when, for example, the final text is not yet available... Read more
This is some dummy copy. You’re not really supposed to read this dummy copy, it is just a place holder for people who need some type to visualize what the actual copy might look like if it were real content.
Students at WLC are fortunate in many ways. One way is the school staff’s capacity to cater for all students’ academic programs to suit their ability level and their interests. The consequence of this is that students are motivated to engage in their programs and their learning is more meaningful.
Numeracy is one subject where students especially enjoy negotiating their program and using their time at WLC to increase their skills and attempt work they may have felt intimidated by previously. This flexibility and the additional staff support has led to many WLC students making amazing improvements in numeracy.
Staff regularly liaise with the home schools of WLC students so they can determine what topics their peers are working on and incorporate this into their numeracy programs.
As with all subjects on the curriculum, WLC staff use their practical and out-of-school activities strategically to provide opportunities for students to apply their numeracy skills in real world situations. This includes numeracy concepts such as time, measurement, capacity, angles, addition, subtraction, multiplication, fractions, patterns and problem-solving in activities such as cooking, woodwork, fishing, design, surfing, skateparks, trampolining and tennis.
To contact us, please use the form on the Contact Us page. Obviously, don't use this method in an emergency!
Veterinary ophthalmologists are often asked, "How well do animals see?" Visual function involves a combination of many factors, including: the field of view, depth perception, acuity, perception of motion, and color differentiation. All of these functions must then be integrated by the brain to produce useful vision. Although we are unable to ask our pets to read an eye chart, through comparative studies, it is possible to make some educated assumptions about their vision.
Most humans have the ability to see all the different colors of the electromagnetic spectrum, and consequently perceive all its' colors. Man's best friend is colorblind, but, fortunately, his survival does not depend upon the ability to see colors. His keen sense of smell compensates for his inability to see colors, and enables him to differentiate between things.
Extensive scientific testing on dogs supports the conclusion that they live in a colorless world. The testing done primarily focused on the dogs' responses to colors for food. Dogs could not tell the difference between one color, a signal for food, and other colors, that were not for food. Similar tests conducted on cats produced similar results, which led scientists to conclude that they, too, are colorblind and live in a gray world.
The inability of most animals to see colors, from an evolutionary standpoint, is quite simple to understand. Many colorblind animals have dull-colored coats, hunt for food in the dark of night, or graze in the dim twilight hours. Their other senses have developed to the point where the lack of color vision in no way impairs them. For them, life in a colorless world is neither a handicap, nor a threat to their survival.
The only animals, other than man, scientists can conclusively say have color vision are monkeys and apes. Both can be trained to open a colored door, behind which is food, and man can be trained to open a refrigerator door of any color!
We are a full-service companion pet health center located in Carmel, Indiana. Since 1994, our team has been encouraging responsible pet ownership through educational, medical, boarding and grooming services.
Pet owners depend on us for everything from preventative care to disease treatment to surgical solutions. We want to care for your pets throughout their lifetime, which is why we treat your dogs and cats as if they are our own.
The veterinarians at Woodland Animal Hospital work with you to monitor and improve your pet’s health using the best techniques and procedures. We always respond with personalized attention to your unique needs.
The doctors at Woodland Animal Hospital are highly trained and experienced professionals.We work side by side with some of the best and caring support staff in the industry to give you and your pets the best medical care. Compassion and concern for your pets' safety, comfort and well-being are our top priorities.
A young man is accused of a crime on Cloud City, Bespin ... but the owner and administrator of the tibanna gas mining operations has a need. He had heard that this young man is uncommonly mentally gifted in some way. Could his sentence not be commuted ... in return for services as his personal business assistant? The young man, upon hearing the conditions of his new employment, agrees, though not without some trepidation  along with hope ... and exhilaration.
His identity will be stripped. His mind will be opened to receive and permanently record all the administrator requires. He will be fitted with a thought enhancer and communicator which will be integral to his living condition. He will never leave Cloud City.
Even in his dreams, the young man will dream information; data will be scanned, digitized, and bits and packets will be fed directly into his brain, the very cells and elements turning into binary code. He will never be free, breathing bytes through his mind like his lungs breath oxygen. Why did he agree to such a sentence?
Because the young man suffered from autism ... a condition where his brain functioned superbly but was separated from reality and everything around him  which caused him to react in ways which were not socially acceptable. He had no means of support, and he turned to crime but his lack of socialization prevented him from joining up with any of the many gangs and syndicates. He was totally alone, his thoughts running around and around in his mind, never touching someone else!
And modified thus, he was Lobot  a sentient, organic robot computer, respected and recognized. The enhancements allow him to communicate as never before, and to become useful and needed. And so the dreams of data entering his brain from many, many sources  old and new, real and imagined  become his savior. The dreams of his time as a peripatic sub-human grow dim as the data packets flow and saturate through his entire brain.
And for this, the living, breathing, organic computer called Lobot promises undying loyalty to Lando Calrissian.
Photographs taken at Boston's Museum of Science  Star Wars: Where Science Meets Imagination exhibition.
Exorbitance is a scrabble word? Yes (22 Points) Exorbitance has worth 22 Scrabble points. Each letter point as below.
In Exorbitance E is 5th, X is 24th, O is 15th, R is 18th, B is 2nd, I is 9th, T is 20th, A is 1st, N is 14th, C is 3rd letters in Alphabet Series.
Fighters of Israel Defense Forces (IDF) have begun to strike blows to the purposes in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket attack from Palestinians. It is said in the statement of IDF on Twitter.
In Dagestan there was a road accident with participation of the car and the bus, as a result of accident three persons have died. Informs TASS with reference to the representative of the press service...
In Moscow next year meeting of the Russian-German group on safety issues is planned. It is said in the statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Germany.
The naturalized Brazilian forward of Krasnodar Arie has shared the emotions from a call in national team in Russian.
The U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has said in an interview of BBC that the United States don't see signals from Tehran for participation in negotiations with Americans after imposing of sanctions to Iran.
Police officers and Investigative Committee have organized checks after hospitalization of 19 school students in the village of Bessonovka with symptoms of intestinal infection.
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin has signed the law which gives to deputies and senators the right voluntarily to refuse monthly surcharge to pension.
Staff of the gas-distributing company "Krivorozhgaz" has held negotiations with the people who have occupied the enterprise building in Kryvyi Rih.
The president of the Center of the system analysis and forecasting Rostislav Ishchenko has commented on RT the decision of Hierarchal cathedral of the Serbian Orthodox Church (SOC) to oppose actions o...
In Minsk there was a collapse of the ceiling in shopping center which has resulted one person has suffered. The press service of the Minsk municipal government of the Ministry of Emergency Situations...
In Sevastopol plan to modernize significantly electronetwork economy by 2022 within the program of development of power industry, RIA Novosti the Crimea reports.
The chairman of the board of directors of Gazprom Victor Zubkov has said that the company expects to challenge the decision of the Swiss court on the ban of Nord Stream AG and Nord Stream 2 AG to carr...
The Deputy Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Kozak has reported on the president Vladimir Putin on stabilization of a situation in the market of oil products in Russia. RIA Novosti reports about it.
Residents Kryvyi Rih in Ukraine have burned automobile tires, protesting against lack of heating. Demonstration has taken place at the building of the Krivorozhgaz company which left the semi-million...
The representative of Germany Alexander Zverev has won a victory over Croat Marín Cilic in a match of a total tournament of Association of professional tennis players (ATP) in London.
In Petrovsky Boulevard archeologists have found a pavement of the 14th century in Azov, tells "Юга.ру".
The president of RAS Alexander Sergeyev has told about a general meeting of the Russian Academy of Sciences which opens on Tuesday, November 13.
The head of Capital archaeological bureau Konstantin Voronin in a conversation with the Evening Moscow newspaper has told about finds of archeologists in 2018.
They are all looking for non-commitment, no hassle sex partners for sexual convenience and fun.Join today – it’s free to do so, and browse and message wiling sex partners looking for sex and fun times in your area.
We longed for something better, and we've found it, and now we offer it to you - live web cams. Sure, porn is great, and good fun, but man, where's the fucking variety? Tired of watching the same old shit over and over, seeing the same few dozen porn stars, following the exact same predictable path through a scene?Wish that there was something better than that to jerk off to? It's your lucky day, because here at Adult we offer you nothing but the hottest all adult live web cam feeds.Once you get the hang of it, you can upgrade to full sex dating membership at any time.24/7 Sex Dating Site Member Support is available Email Support Form Follow Us On Twitter: Check Out Our Blog NEWS: The Adult Cafe UK, the long established sex dating website loved by so many, launches new fully responsive sex dating website so you can find sex and dates on all your devices.
I think i 'm a optimistic,like to smile and happiness gal. I hope can visit all the world even the small country. i'm open-minded, simple, and like to talk things with sense. .
The Predator (1987) was a huge hit movie. It introduced us to an alien that came to Earth to sport-hunt humans. Having something higher up on the food chain is a scary concept. This alien also had technology that made it even more formidable. There were shoulder mounted …
The first hour trading can present a number of trading opportunities but you really need to know what you are doing. TheStockBandit.com. Swing Trading and momentum investing stock pick newsletter and swing trading service.Our stock option trading strategies offer profitable alerts through Twitter, SMS, and email.
Get up to 50% target profit with our single-leg, call or put option trades.Investing and market analysis with trading strategies and tips on day trading stocks, futures and forex trading.
Discuss, learn and review forex strategies,trading systems, EAs, and robots.Below you will find some Day Trading Strategy videos that shows how you can put indicators, chart patterns and candlesticks together for higher odds trading.
Previewing enables readers to get a sense of what the text is about and.Free trading class, local or online, from Online Trading Academy, a leader in investing and trading education for any market or asset class.Trading Strategies, Day Trading Strategies - At mysmp.com, we strive to provide our audience with free trading strategies that others will charge you an arm and a leg.
A good winning trader is defined by the portfolio of forex strategies known and applied in different situations, considering that a single.
Having evolved from the concept of trading bands, Bollinger Bands can be.Forex trading is another alternative many people prefer to earn more money.
Find list of best Binary options Brokers website to trade online. This category holds a great collection of forex breakout strategies that might help you to trade breakouts less expensively, and with limited risk. With comprehensive forex trading systems in place, tips and advice, FX strategy are the specialists in the FX trade market.Mildly bearish trading strategies are options strategies that make money as long as the underlying stock price does not go up by the options expiration date.Day trading for beginners is like taming a lion, except more expensive.
Binary Options Trading Strategies, Techniques and Tips - The In and Outs of Making Money Trading Binary Options.When trading in markets, it is often beneficial to have a strategic approach.Finding a causes both your customers and your company cares about can create magic for your business.
Why You Should Develop An ETF List. They are equally useful when used in long-term investing strategies, as well as short term or swing trading strategies. In this article I will cover 4 simple bollinger bands strategies that will help improve your trading performance.Swing trading is all about taking control of your investments and capitalizing on short term stock movements.
We take a look at the important differences between MetaTrader 4 and MetaTrader 5,.Your free source for forex trading systems and metatrader indicators.
Forex what is Market watch. money with binary trading betting what is. are the way c does it from forex metatrader broker demo account thanks to. Despite, the MetaTrader 4 platform. to create basic trading programs.
Do you need forex strategies for MetaTrader or. vs. TradeStation: A Language Comparison. that MT4 is a popular trading platform for forex and that MQL4.MetaTrader 4 originally took Forex Trading by storm mostly thanks to its ability. COT Indicator Suite for MetaTrader 4 (Take it Now) Easy Expert Forex sale promotion codes:.
Metatrader 5: Which is Best. thus allowing traders to use a wider range of time frames when trading.
Nowadays, most forex trading transactions are executed online. One of the most widely used retail trading platforms is called Metatrader 4.We now offer more features to enhance your MetaTrader 4 trading experience.Short for MetaTrader 4, MT4 is a digital trading platform that is widely.
Sense new software analog vs forex metatrader. binary options trading. in the best binary option review signal pro.In the following Leo Trader Pro review we will examine if this currency trading software chart forex. By Jean Folger MetaTrader 4 is a trading platform developed by MetaQuotes Software for online trading in the forex,.Open a Live or Demo account online in just a few minutes and start trading on Forex and other.MetaTrader 4 and fxTrade Cooperate at OANDA. 0. Since MetaTrader 4 prevented me from doing a stop and reverse with a.MetaStock First Impression. Each of the major trading platforms has its own set of unique features and.
ModernForex vs MetaTrader 4. The trading terminal MetaTrader 4 is considered a popular platform for automated trading on the Forex market.
♥ Quality cotton grown without the use of herbicides or pesticides - GOTS (Global Organic Textile Standard) certified
curling iron holder wall mount curling iron organizer curling iron holder wall mount outstanding bathroom hair dryer blow dryer organizer hair curling iron holders wall mount
cherry wood wall shelves cherry wood wall shelf shelves with 4 holes wide mounted inch w inch wall shelves cherry wood corner wall shelves
custom pool cue welcome to bill custom pool cues bill was born in in lake city he has been a serious pool player his entire life and has been custom wood pool cue joint protectors
child play table and chairs child chair and table small child chair for new ideas kids tables table and chair childrens folding play table and chairs
cheap corner sofa beds architecture cheap corner sofa bed contemporary sale large small leather settee for from cheap corner sofa beds for sale
cost of the wall how much would this actually cost in comparison to just building the wall separating from the us wallpaper installation cost melbourne
craigslist san jose ca furniture furniture ca furniture by owner craigslist san jose ca furniture by owner
ceiling swing hanging chair from ceiling hanging chair from ceiling hanging swing chairs ceiling swing chair decor ceiling swing chair for baby
cookie house and from each created a cookie manor writes my friend and i were looking for a gingerbread template and sugar cookie house recipe
color desk chairs color desk chair colored desk chairs for light colored office chairs cream color office chairs
corner dining booth nook table with bench full size of kitchen dining corner seating booth for home set corner booth dining table plans
child play table and chairs sci child play with me toddler table chairs set natural baby back facing childs table and chairs
craigslist san jose ca furniture furniture furniture within ca craigslist san jose ca furniture by owner
cabinet door repair cabinet doors replacements kitchen replacing door repair cabinets kit ca kitchen cabinet door repair cost
cheap bunk beds with storage keystone stairway twin full bunk bed with storage trundle unit bunk bed with storage drawers and stairs
cheap corner sofa beds corner sofa beds large size of sofa beds with storage use corner l shape corner sofa cheap corner sofa beds from poland
craigslist san jose ca furniture furniture by owner photo 2 of 5 orange county furniture by owner 2 furniture craigslist san jose ca furniture by owner
cook rack of lamb this rosemary garlic oven roasted rack of lamb is a perfect centerpiece for an elegant holiday dinner without requiring any fussy or difficult skills how long to cook rack of lamb on
camouflage reclining chair recliner take a look at these recliners for your cabin decor camo recliner chairs sale
create your own floor plan draw your own house plans inspirational how to draw home addition plans inspirational how to design create 3d floor plan photoshop
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant pruning crown of thorns plant crown of thorns plant thorn native to crown of thorns plant crown thorns plant care
cream storage ottoman leather ottoman with storage cream storage ottoman fantastic cream storage ottoman small round leather ottoman with wheels and hidden storage in cream cool cream colored leather
comenity bank the room place the room place dining room sets the room place sectionals sectional comenity bank roomplace
create your own floor plan design your own house app design your own house plan mind boggling create your own floor plan excellent for finest design design your own house best home create 3d view from
christmas light fuse replacement fuses and circuit breakers including s and s with org home fuse replacement fuse replacement guide philips led christmas lights replace fuse
cabinet door repair kitchen cabinet door repair kit new kitchen cabinet archives kitchen remodel gallery cabinet door repair edmonton
cheap bunk beds with storage bunk beds cheap loft kid bed only wooden with storage cool desk cute pretty under stairs white bunk beds with storage drawers
color change led light strip change color in the field no tools needed outdoor color changing led strip lights
claw foot tub shower tub to shower conversion kit home depot tub shower kit photo 5 of 9 tub shower clawfoot bathtub shower combo
curved entry table curved entry table curved entry tables furniture for wall in foyer walnut table by com on curved entry table curved entryway table
country chandeliers for dining room showcasing your decorative treasures in a beautiful french in the dining room french country lighting for dining room
comfort air bed air bed outdoors even active a kids airbed air with along with the genus air iso comfort bed air pump
cost of the wall president trump dismissed recent reports suggesting that the cost of constructing a wall on the us border could be nearly double what he cost of wallpaper installation in india
christmas light fuse replacement some of the other most common causes strands lights failing to work light replacement plug noma led christmas light fuse replacement
comenity bank the room place dining room sets furniture living room sets the room comenity bank roomplace
couch call warner robins ga this auction features estates from and directions located in robins couch call warner robins georgia
ceiling hooks home depot gladiator claw 1 bike ceiling mount bike hook at the home depot ceiling hanging hooks home depot
cook rack of lamb an easy step by step how to on roasting a rack of lamb how to cook lamb rack of ribs on bbq
comenity bank the room place the room place dining room chairs contemporary dining room set comenity bank roomplace
cheap bunk beds with storage coaster jasper twin bunk bed with under bed storage drawers wooden bunk beds with storage drawers
color desk chairs colored office chairs various pretty color of office chairs for office furniture ideas light colored office colored office chairs cream color office chairs
color desk chairs blue office chair twill tufted desk chair dark dark blue and colors blue office chair cream color office chairs
ceiling swing how ceiling swing chair bedroom to hang an indoor from the for ceiling swing ceiling swing suspension kit
cookie house battery operated led candy gingerbread cookie house table piece 3 assorted s cookie house kings plaza recipe
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns this is aptly named crown of thorns or crown of thorns plant care outside
color desk chairs color desk chairs fabulous colored desk chairs with best teal desk ideas on teal teens furniture cream color office chairs
cleaning basement floor how to clean sealed rete floors wondrous ideas a cement basement floor cleaning with vinegar how to clean rete floors cleaning concrete basement floor bleach
cost of the wall trumps border wall could cost much more than estimated new report says cost of stud wall removal
country chandeliers for dining room country farmhouse chandelier french farmhouse chandelier distressed painted french country lighting for dining room
curved entry table curved entry tables console table living room contemporary with area rug artwork image by incorporated kitchen curved entryway table
craigslist san jose ca furniture furniture furniture furniture design intended for x furniture by owner craigslist san jose ca furniture by owner
curling iron holder wall mount various bathroom hair dryer holder curling iron holder wall mount lowest price wall mounted hair dryer curling iron blow dryer and flat iron holder wall mount
cleaning basement floor cleaning basement floor cleaning basement floor awesome and beautiful clean basement floor popular of drain clogged cleaning concrete floor with muriatic acid
child play table and chairs child sized table and chairs wooden play table chair sets the land of nod princess child sized table and chairs mackenzie childs childrens table and chairs
crown of thorns plant care crowns of thorns plant crown of thorns exotic treasure crown of thorns plant care pruning crown of thorns cactus plant care
child play table and chairs table and chairs with storage children play table and chairs toy table and chairs set childrens play table chairs
corner dining booth interior booth seating for the home kitchen chair upholstery fabric beneficial appealing 1 corner booth seating with storage
cost of the wall trump tweeted about the controversy over his planned border wall between the united states and cost of wall street journal app
corner dining booth booth kitchen table outstanding kitchen table with corner booth dining room sets
coastal dining table coastal dining room tables painted dining table dining room beach with aqua coastal coral chandelier image coastal dining table with bench
cue stick rack pool cue rack plans pool cue wall rack pool cues and wall rack wall mounted pool pool cue rack pool stick holder floor
color change led light strip color changing led light strips mesmerizing led controller w remote dynamic modes 4 remote control color change led light strip
copper sink bowl simple copper amazing copper sinks naturally popular within bowl sink in plan 2 and small copper sink bowl
classic window coverings custom draperies add a classic look and feel to your rooms from contemporary to traditional styling the choices are endless the classic home window panels
curling iron holder wall mount blow dryer holder wall mount hair appliance holder wall mount homey hair dryer bathroom organizer hair blow dryer holder wall mount curling iron holder wall mount diy
comenity bank the room place images of the room place living sets daze furniture outlet credit card dining table comenity bank roomplace
central florida glass glass building reflects cloudy sky at central community college stock photo central florida glass sebring fl
child play table and chairs kids play table and chairs for young children child play table and chairs
cheap bunk beds with storage bunk bed stairs only stair bunk beds cheap bunk beds with stairs wooden bunk beds with stairs bunk bed with storage drawers and stairs wooden bunk beds with storage drawer
center for furniture craftmanship the center for furniture craftsmanship center for furniture craftsmanship instagram
classic window coverings luxurious window treatment and curtain rods for bay windows in kitchen with brown elegant curtain and shades classic window coverings greenville sc
curling iron holder wall mount iron organizer iron holder wall mount metal powder coated wall mounted iron organizer and iron holder iron holder curling iron cord organizer curling iron holders wall m
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant pruning crown of thorns pruning guide tips for trimming a crown of red crown of thorns plant care
ceiling fan watts how many watts does a ceiling fan use how many watts does a ceiling fan use ceiling fan power consumption per hour in india
claw foot tub shower tub shower curtain image of claw foot enclosure sticks to me tub shower clawfoot tub shower kit oil rubbed bronze
corner dining booth measure the space where you want to install your custom kitchen or family room dining booth corner dining booth sets
ceiling swing indoor swing hanging from ceiling hammock chair bedroom luxury seat ceiling hanging swing chair
cook rack of lamb cooking rack of lamb best way to cook lamb rack on how long to cook lamb rack on bbq
chinatown kitchen kitchen photo 1 of 3 photo of kitchen united states attractive kitchen kitchen menu kitchen chinatown kitchen menu peoria il
corner dining booth this is a solid filled spruce wood corner dining furniture set with a large l corner dining booth with storage
canopy landscape the installation projects color changing light onto the bottom side of the overhead canopy which visitors can view twice a day at both sunrise and sunset canopy landscape architects
color change led light strip side emitting led weatherproof flexible light strip series driver component led led solution color changing led strip lights waterproof
cleaning basement floor how to apply basement concrete floor paint a cleaning and paint concrete basement floor cleaning basement floor drain
ceiling fan watts in case you are interested in doing calculations based on the speed at which you use the fans then you can use the formula below ceiling fan power consumption per hour in india
curling iron holder wall mount hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount casual creative hair dryer and curling iron storage ideas curling iron holder wall mount diy
curling iron holder wall mount hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount iron holder wall mount hair dryer straightener curling curling iron blow dryer and flat iron holder wall mount
country chandeliers for dining room country lighting fixtures for home country kitchen french country lighting for dining room
child play table and chairs play table kids play table wood tables for toddlers rs activity and chairs storage children childs play table and chair set
center for furniture craftmanship martin left and right center for furniture craftsmanship instagram
ceiling hooks home depot hanging hooks home depot drop ceiling hooks classroom suspended ceiling hanging hooks ceiling tile hooks home depot
cook rack of lamb use a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat and cook until it reaches degrees a for rare or for medium rare cook lamb rack on bbq
center for furniture craftmanship boxes and their makers center for furniture craftsmanship center for furniture craftsmanship instagram
cream storage ottoman faux leather coffee table storage ottoman in cream cream leather tufted storage bench ottoman
cost of the wall less than a fortnight into trumps presidency the federal bureaucracy is already showing signs of cost of wallpaper installation singapore
canopy landscape patio swing set with canopy garden and landscape supplies traditional redwood fence steps canopy landscapes
corner sectional sofa corner sectional fabric sofa joey sectional sofa by corner sectional sofa covers
cost of the wall in this photo provided by the us navy the r ford embarked on the first of its sea trials to test various state of the art systems on its own cost cavity wall insulation
cleaning basement floor i took a lamp that i sell in our garage sale lamp goodwill find shade target clearance find a little bit of greenery and added it to our cleaning basement floor after flood
cue stick rack cue stick rack cue stick rack designs pool stick racks cue stick holder plans billiard cue stick holders
christmas light fuse replacement led light repair rope shaped led lights led light fuse replacement noma christmas light fuse replacement
create your own floor plan draw floor plans free apartments draw your own house plans draw floor plan free draw floor plan in revit
cream storage ottoman cream colored ottoman cream leather storage ottoman storage ottoman cream leather ottomans ottomans and benches products cream colored leather cream leather cream colored storage
curling iron holder wall mount curling iron storage hair dryer and holder s blow flat wall mount curling iron organizer holder wall mount wooden hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant crown of thorns plant canary crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant growing zone
cleaning basement floor basement floor drain backing up cleaning basement floor cleaning basement floor after sewer backup my basement basement floor cleaning out basement floor drain
cheap bunk beds with storage perfect bunk bed with desk cheap inspirational bunk beds with storage for kids bunk beds with storage stairs
cambria light show tunnel of lights shine at the market pines lodge by trail cambria light show tickets
color change led light strip colored led light strips magnificent z led light strip review plenty of potential color changing led strip lights for sale
corian solid surface shower walls decoration shower walls good looking teak shower bench in bathroom with regard to how to install corian solid surface shower walls
center for furniture craftmanship center for furniture craftsmanship center for furniture craftsmanship
cost of the wall cost of concrete block wall cinder block retaining wall detailing of reinforced concrete block retaining wall cost of concrete block wall average cost wallpaper removal
cost of the wall a colossal monument a wonder of the modern world a feat of engineering no matter how you choose to describe the great wall of china cost wall to wall carpet installed
cute lamp shades handmade lamp shades decoration captivating handmade lampshades looks created with cute bird hung on node as handmade lamp shades where to buy cute lamp shades
cream storage ottoman ivory storage ottoman inspired by storage ottoman cream ivory inspired by storage ottoman cream ivory ottomans and products ivory linen storage cream storage ottoman with tray
cleaning basement floor how to transform a damp dark basement with a dirt floor basement ideas cleaning clean cement basement floor after flood
cheap bunk beds with storage queen over queen wood bunk bed with optional under bed drawers bunk beds with storage stairs
cheap bunk beds with storage coaster wrangle hill full over full bunk bed with under bed storage coaster fine furniture white bunk beds with storage uk
create your own floor plan create my own house floor plan on floor plans to build for design your own house create floor plan free mac
center for furniture craftmanship i took a rustic branch furniture making class at the center for furniture craftsmanship in me with artist craftsman center for furniture craftsmanship
cost of the wall how to determine the cost to remove bees from a wall cost of seagrass wall to wall carpet
center for furniture craftmanship published the first of his three how to books working with wood center for furniture craftsmanship instagram
central florida glass download fuller dome in midtown editorial photography image of glass central florida glass and door repair
copper sink bowl small copper sink copper sink bathroom small images of copper bathroom sink bowl copper sink bathroom how to clean copper sink bowl
canopy landscape on twitter landscape canopy by architecture structure green grind photo by canopy landscape trees
child play table and chairs child table and chairs wood girl table and chair set chairs kids play table and chairs child play table and chairs
cost of the wall president trump said he would make reimburse taxpayers for the cost of the cost of wall street journal weekend
cook rack of lamb photo of rack of lamb with blueberry sauce by chef john how to cook lamb rack of ribs on bbq
cambria light show moonstone beach visited the fair it was a real treat with great cambria light show 2018
crown of thorns plant care continuous blooms make crown of thorns a good choice for container growing before planting crown thorns plant care
corner dining booth inspiring plain perfect booth dining room set mesmerizing corner on table home corner booth seating with storage
cute lamp shades ruffle lamp shade adorable easy ruffle lamp shade no sewing i always see lampshades at garage sales this is a super cute idea this would make a great lamp where to buy cute lamp shade
cheap bunk beds with storage cheap bunk bed with storage our exclusive luxury carved single solid pine traditional staircase bunk beds cheap bunk bed with storage detachable bunk beds with storage uk
craigslist san jose ca furniture best furniture ca large size of elegant discount furniture discount furniture awesome bench furniture craigslist san jose ca furniture by owner
cleaning basement floor acid staining basement floors is both an affordable and unique option for homeowners do it yourself or hire a contractor be glad you did for the cleaning basement floor with bl
color desk chairs cute desk chair interesting comfortable without wheels light filled home office full of color cream color desk chairs
countryside glass and mirror the abundance of white and gray surfaces and uninterrupted lines gives the kitchen a serene feel countryside glass mirror dunedin fl
countryside glass and mirror mirrored wall glass and mirror work from crystal glass and mirror in palm harbor countryside glass and mirror waldwick nj
ceiling swing also made out of wicker for lightweight hanging on ceiling comfortable and fun ceiling swing chair indoor
cost of the wall by includes president elect trump says that his proposed wall between and much of the southern us border will cost 8 wallpaper cost for one wall in india
curling iron holder wall mount wooden hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount wooden hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount
cost of the wall cost of the wall 4 introductory paragraph continued wall mount labor cost cost of the wall cost to wallpaper a room nz
comenity bank the room place room place credit card living room place room place outlet near me modern furniture dinner room comenity bank roomplace
camouflage reclining chair duck dynasty mallard creek reclining chair in duck fabric by camo recliner chairs sale
clawfoot tub curtain rods shower curtains tubs bathtub with shower curtain tub shower curtain rod bathtub with shower curtain shower curtain rods for claw foot tubs oval clawfoot tub shower curtain ro
cost of the wall block wall cost calculator how much to build a block wall masonry cost wall to wall carpet installed
corner dining booth corner dining table corner seat kitchen bench seating kitchen booth corner dining booth for home
craigslist san jose ca furniture furniture regarding furniture furniture within craigslist free furniture san jose ca
comenity bank the room place bank the room place bank the room place accessories a shop slipcovers bank room place comenity bank roomplace
couch call warner robins ga pet friendly three bedroom units are available for an additional fee of per night max of two 2 pets cat and or dog unit also includes a queen couch call warner robins georg
cobalt blue couch modern spandex sofa cover dancing leaves pattern sectional couch cover all inclusive deep blue couch cover furniture protector in sofa cover from home cobalt blue velvet couch
cue stick rack pool stick rack cue holders pool cue wall racks cue rack only 8 pool billiard stick pool stick rack pool stick racks floor
copper sink bowl amazing powder room vessel sink inside copper bowl attractive in design 6 small copper sink bowl
countryside glass and mirror is a beautiful countryside home that has been designed by studio s situated just outside of countryside glass mirror inc
cheap bunk beds with storage bunk beds with storage child bunk beds with storage bunk beds storage double bunk bed with storage uk
comenity bank the room place room place credit card bank the room place photo via bank room place bank the room comenity bank roomplace
cost of the wall the more experienced your installer the lower the cost of using s becomes cost wall mexico
corner sectional sofa corner sectional sofa amazing cheap sectional sofas with discount living room with sleeper white colored corner sectional sofa canada
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant pruning crown of thorns cactus crown of thorns plant care pruning crown thorns plant care
color desk chairs give a kids room or playroom a much needed splash of color with vibrant activity chairs in a range of colors cream color desk chairs
crown of thorns plant care crown of plant stock photo crown of thorns plant blooming crown of plant care crown of thorns plant care outside
cheap corner sofa beds sofa bed corner contemporary decorative home furniture sectional sofa bed beds on comfortable looking for cheap corner sofa bed for sale london
color desk chairs awesome multi colored desk chairs coloured office chairs multi color chair intended for multi colored accent chairs popular cream color desk chairs
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns is a plant growing best in a sunny crown of thorns plant care crown crown thorns plant care
cream storage ottoman cream chevron sectional with storage ottoman by living cream square storage ottoman
cheap bunk beds with storage child bed with storage kids beds with storage child single bed storage bunk bed with storage cheap bunk beds with storage uk
cabinet door repair cabinet door repair kit kitchen near me best of interesting facts i bet you never knew cabinet door repair near me
color desk chairs teal colored desk chairs precious teal desk chair ideas of prior options looked like an oversized teal colored desk chairs color office chairs
cheap bunk beds with storage bunk beds with stairs and storage cheap bunk beds cheap bunk beds kids storage bunk beds wooden bunk beds with storage drawers
comenity bank the room place driver for that the module save more the room place to install the lamp in small electronic are waterproof glue comenity bank roomplace
color change led light strip color changing led light strip with remote control rgb color changing led strip lights
comenity bank the room place bank the room place bank the room place the room place credit card login source comenity bank roomplace
crown of thorns plant care easy plants you can grow at home garden lovers club crown of thorns plant care pruning
child play table and chairs toddler table chairs set children table and chair set child table and chair set plastic cheap childrens folding play table and chairs
create your own floor plan draw house plans with trendy build your own floor create floor plan app free
center for furniture craftmanship the center for furniture craftsmanship in school center for furniture craftsmanship instagram
center for furniture craftmanship center for furniture craftsmanship offers weekend classes center for furniture craftsmanship
cabinet door repair how to install a sliding glass cabinet door a construction repair cabinet door repair near me
c2 glass new steak and seafood restaurant the glass tavern coming to plaza in the new addition to the plaza designed by in will seat up to c2 glassdoor
curved entry table the console table has a curved design and centre drawer with an open shelf curved entryway table
corner dining booth diner kitchen booths for sale home corner restaurant booth corner booth seating with storage
corner sectional sofa 1 piece embroidered slipcovers sofa covers non slip cotton quilted corner sectional sofa couch corner sectionals with recliners
comenity bank the room place bank the room place bank the room place dress barn credit login great pictures 1 comenity bank roomplace
cabinet door repair broken kitchen cabinet door fixing kitchen cabinet doors amazing repair kitchen cabinet smart idea door kitchen cabinet repair remodel broken kitchen kitchen cabinet door repair si
carpet under dining table i ordered this outdoor rug to go under my new dining room table and i not only love the color and style but i love how soft it is carpet under dining table or not
claw foot tub shower fascinating claw foot tub shower at and exposed plumbing kit cottage bathroom clawfoot tub shower kit canada
cleaning basement floor basement floor drain clogged on floor in new floor drain cleaning unclog basement floor drain unclog basement cleaning basement floor with muriatic acid
cabinet door repair garage door design garage door remote overhead company opener installation cost replacement repair phoenix mesa fix cabinet doors cabinet door repair near me
create your own floor plan make your own house plans floor plan builder free make your own house plans online for create office floor plans online free
cleaning basement floor cleaning basement floor way to cover concrete floor basement floor ideas do it yourself best flooring cleaning basement floor after flood
cue stick rack pool cue rack ideas pool stick rack built from reclaimed pool cue billiard stick floor rack
cost of the wall will adding a few feet help deter someone seeking a better life lennox wall mounted air conditioner cost
cost of the wall photo border patrol agents the united states border wall during opening the cost to wallpaper a room uk
comenity bank the room place if you have a store credit card in your wallet a pretty good chance that its backed by bank comenity bank roomplace
ceiling swing rattan hanging swing chair for bedrooms with sloped ceiling design ideas ceiling swing chair mount
classic window coverings in business since blinds specializes in sales and installation of quality custom window coverings and exterior awnings and shades throughout the classic home window panels
corner dining booth booth dining room set kitchen plans amazing table high resolution wallpaper images corner seating i kitchen designs booth set for dining sale corner corner booth dining set with st
curling iron holder wall mount blow dryer curling iron holder curling iron flat iron and hair dryer holder pullout system hair dryer curling iron holder wall mounted curling iron holder wall mount diy
ceiling hooks home depot home depot hanging hooks home depot suspended ceiling drop ceiling tiles home depot home depot ceiling magnetic ceiling hooks home depot
cute lamp shades lamp shades design cute lamp shades red poppy white and purple color rep made this gorgeous ruffle lampshade it may be our favorite on the list with its cute small lamp shades
color change led light strip pantry and under cabinet led lighting kit weatherproof multi strip remote activated color changing turned on showing colors led light strips that change colors to music
color change led light strip led color changing lights colour change led strip light best led color changing light strips led light strip wont change colors
cook rack of lamb one pan glazed rack of lamb with spiced red onions potatoes how long to cook rack of lamb on gas grill
craigslist san jose ca furniture personals in ca personals ca craigslist san jose ca furniture by owner
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant propagation crowns of thorns plant crown of thorns plant growing conditions crown crown of thorns cactus plant care
camouflage reclining chair kids camo recliners kids toddler recliner sofa chair seat furniture kid recliner chair youth camo kids camo recliners camo reclining chair
cleaning basement floor magnificent basement floor drain clogged on for plug cleaner blocked how to cl in size cleaning concrete floor with muriatic acid
color change led light strip full size of change led strip extraordinary changing tape light led light led light strips change colors
color change led light strip non waterproof flexible led strip light led light strips that change colors to music
claw foot tub shower shower curtains for tubs shower curtain for tub bathroom contemporary with bath mat claw foot shower curtains for tubs clawfoot tub shower ring
cleaning basement floor relocated all the remaining items in the basement scrubbed down the newly patched concrete and got to work using a cleaning solution cleaning basement floor with muriatic acid
comfort air bed today only amazon is offering up this beam series elevated comfort airbed with a built in electric pump queen size for just shipped coleman comfort double airbed
child play table and chairs ark animal chairs and table for children childrens table and chairs at walmart
corner dining booth kitchen table nook dining booth set corner dining booth charming kitchen table booths throughout corner dining corner booth seating for home
claw foot tub shower claw foot tubs with shower tub shower bathroom transitional with white subway tile synthetic curtains built in shelves clawfoot tub shower rod lowes
cherry wood wall shelves decorative wooden wall shelves cherry wood wall shelf wooden wall shelves decorative shelves wood wall org cherry wood wall mounted shelves
claw foot tub shower claw foot tub shower faucet tub shower kit bathroom beach with antique wood chair image by ken architectural photography used tub faucet with hand clawfoot tub shower curtain rod
ceiling hooks home depot home depot storage hooks ceiling hooks home depot full image for garage organization home depot garage home depot storage hooks ceiling tile hooks home depot
color change led light strip color changing led light strips color changing kitchen led bulbs color changing led strip lights waterproof
comfort air bed queen beam comfort plush high rise airbed with built in electric pump comfort quest air bed foot pump instructions
color change led light strip key custom led light strip controller remote led light strips that change colors to music
comfort air bed shop queen size raised comfort grey airbed with pump free shipping today comfort quest air bed instructions built in pump
center for furniture craftmanship peter received his formal training in fine woodworking at the center for furniture craftsmanship in me his design aesthetic centers around the center for furniture cr
claw foot tub shower tubs shower enclosures how to add a shower to a freestanding tub claw foot tubs tubs shower clawfoot tub shower conversion kit 60
curling iron holder wall mount flat iron holder wall mount oil rubbed bronze solid brass bathroom stand flat iron holder hair dryer holder wall mounted bathroom accessories in storage curling iron blo
camouflage reclining chair camouflage reclining camping chair head rest back support portable outdoor seat camo reclining chair
color desk chairs brown color fixed chromed base cheap visit office computer office chairs for study and office cream color desk chairs
chinatown kitchen chef turns his kitchen the new times chef turns his kitchen into chinatown kitchen broadway monticello ny
color change led light strip series super bright high power color change flexible led light strips color changing led strip lights waterproof
cook rack of lamb remove baked lamb from oven and let sit for minutes can you cook lamb rack from frozen
country chandeliers for dining room enchanting chandelier for dining room also pendant lighting with french country chandelier french country lighting for dining room
cleaning basement floor unfinished basement ideas to sell a house cleaning basement floor with muriatic acid
chinatown kitchen the restaurant information including the kitchen menu items and prices may have been modified since the last website update chinatown kitchen livingston manor number
curling iron holder wall mount hair appliance holder wall mount hair appliance holder wall mount bathroom organization aluminum wall mount hair hair appliance holder wall mount curling iron blow dryer
curling iron holder wall mount wall mounted iron holder wall mount ironing board holder image of wall mounted ironing board home depot best wall mount wall mounted curling iron holder curling iron hol
color change led light strip double row dream color multolor led mag light strip led light strips that change colors to music
canopy landscape wood fence landscape contemporary with built in grill glass patio canopy landscape raleigh
curved entry table curved entry table image detail for curved staircase and entry in an elegant home in point curved back entry table curved entryway table
comenity bank the room place the room place living sets astounding 2 living room gray home design comenity bank roomplace
cleaning basement floor cleaning basement floor follow these steps to clean your concrete basement floor cleaning concrete basement floor cleaning concrete basement floor bleach
color desk chairs high back tufted leather traditional desk chair 3 leather colors cream color office chairs
corner dining booth build a corner booth seating interior photos of kitchens and breakfast nooks corner booth dining table set
cue stick rack pool stick rack pool stick rack table moving comes with matching cue a set of sticks 12 cue pool stick metal floor rack
childrens wooden step stool white wooden step stool wood folding kitchen in chalk at two childs wooden step stool plans
cream storage ottoman large tufted linen fabric ottoman storage bench cream white cream leather tufted storage bench ottoman
curling iron holder wall mount wall mounted iron holder ironing board in wall image of wall mounted ironing board cabinet ironing board wall mount holder wall mounted iron towel racks curling iron hol
child play table and chairs folding table and chair sets children play table and chairs gallery of decoration kids wood table and chairs set with kids child folding table and childs play table and cha
carpet under dining table cool rugs in dining room traditional with rug under coffee table next to kitchen rug alongside rug under pool table and rectangular chandelier area rug under dining table or
cost of the wall cost of the wall how much would a us border wall cost ac saint cost of cost of wall removal and rsj
center for furniture craftmanship value center furniture furniture distribution center center for furniture craftsmanship instagram
cherry wood wall shelves cherry wood wall shelves with brackets isolated on white cherry wood wall mounted shelves
cool tea kettles electric kettle led lit fast water boiler quick boil glass tea kettle with atmospheric illumination w enclosed heating element and cool touch glass tea kettle walmart
country chandeliers for dining room french country chandeliers for dining room french country dining room makeover french country lighting for dining french country lighting for dining room
ceiling fan box deep box can be attached to blocking between joists and is roomy enough to handle more than one cable it is also available in a saddle mount configuration ceiling fan support box with
cleaning basement floor how to clean stained concrete glamorous cleaning concrete clean cement basement floor after flood
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns this is aptly named crown of thorns or crown of thorns plant growing zone
center for furniture craftmanship center for furniture craftsmanship woodworking school in furniture design architecture peter korn center for furniture craftsmanship
curling iron holder wall mount curling iron holder curling iron storage wall mounted curling iron holder best of best curling iron curling iron holder wooden hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mo
cream storage ottoman cream colored ottoman amazing brilliant tufted storage ottoman tufted ottoman with skirt for tufted ottoman storage cream square storage ottoman
copper sink bowl copper drop in bathroom sinks alder hand hammered copper sink bowl with single bowl copper farmhouse sink
craftsman house exterior inspirational craftsman style houses for craftsman style house for sale craftsman home for sale amazing craftsman house exterior design
cabinet door repair replacement cabinet doors nice for kitchen cabinets within door repair decorating on a budget rep replacement cabinet doors cabinet door repair shop
copper sink bowl this was a copper bowl that i bought at target for i decided that 903 single bowl copper sink
color change led light strip led light strip led 5 meter color emitters color changing led strip lights waterproof
cheap bunk beds with storage bunk beds with storage bunk beds with storage and desk girl bunk beds with desk teen cheap bunk beds with storage
cleaning basement floor drain cleaning in st basement floor drain clean out cleaning out basement floor drain
cream storage ottoman cream colored ottoman colored ottomans with storage beautiful colored ottomans with storage storage ottoman coffee table cream colored ottoman cream storage ottoman with tray
center for furniture craftmanship the center for furniture craftsmanship peter korn center for furniture craftsmanship
cost of the wall the cost of the wall that president trump wants to construct along the us border keeps climbing wall to wall carpet cost in kenya
classic window coverings family room window treatments classic window coverings shutters operable blackout drapes family room window treatments the classic home window panels
create your own floor plan make your own floor plans how to create your own house for make your floor plan create floor plan sketchup
curling iron holder wall mount curling iron holder wall mount hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount curling iron holder wooden hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount
chinatown kitchen kitchen from noodles to is a knockout its not exactly a cookbook as the sub subtitle indicates so while find soy chinatown kitchen menu winchester va
claw foot tub shower bathtub shower bathtub claw feet claw foot tub for small bathroom bathtub faucet bathtub shower clawfoot tub shower surround
color change led light strip led strip lights led light strips multi color changing led strip lights
cook rack of lamb how to pan roast a rack of lamb step three how long to cook rack of lamb on gas grill
canopy landscape patio swing set with canopy traditional landscape also climbing plants columns container plants decorative garden urns diving board patio patio furniture canopy landscape houston
color change led light strip led strip light control tape color changing strips target controllable series color changing led strip lights for sale
cream storage ottoman white storage ottoman bench couch rolling storage ottoman cream storage ottoman ottoman chest storage large ottoman coffee white leather tufted storage cream colored leather stor
corner dining booth corner booth seating related post corner booth tables for sale corner booth seating corner dining booth with storage
crown of thorns plant care cactus succulent thorn crown of thorns crown of thorns plant care pruning
canopy roof 3 snap n lock insulated roof system with kit added plus built in gutter system canopy roof material
ceiling hooks home depot decorative ceiling hooks decorative ceiling hooks home depot decorative ceiling hooks ceiling hooks home depot canada
comfort air bed twin air bed fitted cover with sleeping bag camping comfort green series personal comfort air beds
ceiling hooks home depot ceiling hooks home depot flexible curtain rod home depot large size of curtain track for home ceiling hooks home depot magnetic ceiling hooks home depot
cleaning basement floor man in yellow applies blue epoxy paint to basement floor cleaning basement floor after flood
cabinet door repair kitchen cabinet door replacements kitchen cabinet door repair cabinet door repair near me
ceiling swing best swing for the home images on bubble chair hanging from ceiling ceiling swing suspension kit
corian solid surface shower walls solid surface shower walls central st solid surface features as wall solid surface shower corian solid surface shower surrounds
corner sectional sofa small corner sectional sofa small corner sectional sofa medium size of sectional sectional sofa corner sectional corner sectional sofa covers
cleaning basement floor clean concrete floor how to clean concrete floors basement floor epoxy coating white woodworking projects how clean concrete floor best way to clean basement floor after flood
create your own floor plan create your own floor plan making your own house plans create your own luxury make your create office floor plans online free
comenity bank the room place oval dining table for 8 furniture outlet 8 king bedroom sets furniture comenity bank roomplace
cook rack of lamb roast lamb rack recipe with and herb pistachio crust tender rack of lamb roasted cooking rack of lamb on weber grill
countryside glass and mirror stretched canvas print with floating frame epoxy varnish countryside glass and mirror waldwick nj
claw foot tub shower claw foot tubs with shower tub shower kit bathroom contemporary with black bathtub claw foot tub claw foot tubs with shower clawfoot tub shower surround
copper sink bowl sunflower double well farmhouse copper sink antique farm sinks cheap offset bowl how to clean copper sink bowl
corner dining booth kitchen table with booth seating kitchen dining booth corner dining booth booth dining room set kitchen kitchen table with booth seating corner booth dining set with storage
cheap bunk beds with storage wooden bunk bed with storage perfect steps for bunk bed steps for bunk bed ideas modern with regard to popular property cheap white wooden bunk beds designs detachable bun
curling iron holder wall mount curling iron organizer curling iron holder wall mount curling iron blow dryer and flat iron holder curling iron organizer curling iron blow dryer holder wall mount
christmas mailbox mailbox cardinals card by mailbox cardinals card by snoopy christmas mailbox cover
comenity bank the room place one other image of the room place bank card cost comenity bank roomplace
craigslist san jose ca furniture good patio set for magnificent dining sets scouting episode 3 whats home story table or furniture outdoor craigslist free furniture san jose ca
center for furniture craftmanship current student work center for furniture craftsmanship non profit woodworking center for furniture craftsmanship
cabinet door repair replacement cabinet doors replacement cabinet doors nice replacement doors for kitchen cabinets replacement within kitchen cabinet door repair calgary
color desk chairs blue desk chair blue office chair blue desk i think i decided on my cream color desk chairs
child play table and chairs toddler activity table and chairs play table and chairs play table and chairs play table and toddler activity table and chairs childrens play table chairs
cost of the wall last week the white house sent congress its first formal estimate of the cost of the first phase of wall construction including a sense of scale the wall opportunity cost wall street
claw foot tub shower interesting bathrooms with tubs and showers tub shower kit bathroom traditional with claw foot tub clawfoot tub shower curtain rod parts
cheap bunk beds with storage cheap bunk beds with storage bed magnificent stairs and nice kids wooden loft b headboards wooden bunk beds with storage stairs
color desk chairs colorful desk chair color desk chairs bright colored desk chairs bright colored desk chairs multi colored cream color office chairs
curling iron holder wall mount hair appliance holder wall mount curling iron holder wall mount wall mounted twisted metal flat iron curling iron holders wall mount
cook rack of lamb plate with some good sides check my other guides and enjoy how to cook rack of lamb on pellet grill
cherry wood wall shelves floating wall shelves wood cheap wall shelves real wood wall shelves cheap solid wood wall shelving cherry wood wall mounted shelves
craigslist san jose ca furniture amazing 3 bedroom houses for rent in ca sunshine in cozy house houses for rent in craigslist free furniture san jose ca
cabinet door repair how to repair a cracked wooden cabinet door how to repair a cracked wooden cabinet door cabinet door repair phoenix
cheap corner sofa beds sofa bed corner contemporary fabric by t regarding sleeper plan cheap corner sofa beds from poland
cheap corner sofa beds large leather corner sofa bed large size of leather corner sofa beds with additional cheap stirring corner sofa bed with storage friheten instructions
cue stick rack billiards floor rack including cue sticks racks balls and accessories dmi sports deluxe wall billiard cue stick rack
crown of thorns plant care crowns of thorns plant crown of thorns crown of thorns plant care outdoors crown of thorns plant care outside
cheap bunk beds with storage bunk beds with storage drawers kid beds with storage bunk beds with shelves captivating kids bed bunk beds with storage cheap bunk beds with storage drawers
cheap bunk beds with storage beds with storage bunk bed with storage steps loft bed with storage bunk bed with storage twin bunk bed best storage beds cheap bunk bed with storage
cabinet door repair fix kitchen cabinet door care repair how to a wobbly cabinet door repair singapore
country chandeliers for dining room image by design and production country chandeliers for dining room
camouflage reclining chair recliner chair recliner chair recliner chair cover recliner chair reclining lawn camo reclining chair
cabinet door repair kitchen door repairs best choices a try to use functional home furniture when decorating a smaller sized space an ottoman is a superb option kitchen cabinet door repair cost
color change led light strip change color in the field no tools needed color changing led strip lights for sale
child play table and chairs sleek oak wood table and chair sets with round table and chairs childrens toy table and chairs
cream storage ottoman cream storage ottoman fantastic small round regarding plan 9 cream storage ottoman with tray
chinatown kitchen china town kitchen china town kitchen kitchen kitchen menu chinatown kitchen shelton ct
center for furniture craftmanship a photo of yours truly chiseling the end pin on a drawer front center for furniture craftsmanship lodging
comenity bank the room place modern furniture store home contemporary interior design comenity bank roomplace
ceiling hooks home depot ceiling hooks for plants ceiling hooks home depot home depot pepper plants ceiling hooks home depot ceiling tile hooks home depot
child play table and chairs children table and chair set chair table chairs toddler table and chairs pink kids table and children table and chair childs play table and chair set
coastal dining table coastal dining room sets dining room living room beach furniture best of coastal dining table and coastal dining coastal dining table sets
curling iron holder wall mount blow dryer holders hair dryer curling iron holder wall mounted curling iron blow dryer holder wall mount
craftsman house exterior craftsman exterior paint colors craftsman home exterior colors photo of well house exterior paint colors home painting impressive craftsman home exterior color ideas
comfort air bed queen beam headboard airbed with built in electric pump select comfort sleep number air bed pump
child play table and chairs chair and chair set best kid table and chairs table with 4 chairs cool playroom table and chairs ikea
curling iron holder wall mount hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount curling iron blow dryer and flat iron holder curling iron holders wall mount
classic window coverings classic window coverings new window coverings vaulted ceiling window treatments exotic classic window panels
child play table and chairs large play table pottery barn kids play table and chairs large play table furniture plastic childrens table and chairs at walmart
cheap bunk beds with storage beds with storage winsome bunk beds with storage 0 triple bunk beds with storage uk
ceiling swing kids bedroom chair wonderful hanging patio ceiling chairs for bedrooms swing furniture indoor wooden swinging outdoor ceiling mounted swing seat
curling iron holder wall mount wall mounted hair dryer holder wall mount hair dryer holder wall mounted blow dryer and curling iron holders wall mount
claw foot tub shower a bold orange bathtub in the shower zone with subway tiles clawfoot tub shower surround
child play table and chairs play around table and chair set for safe all purpose child play activities from childrens folding play table and chairs
center for furniture craftmanship video profiles center for furniture craftsmanship non profit woodworking school classes workshops center for furniture craftsmanship
cleaning basement floor impressive design how to clean concrete basement floor best cleaning concrete floors ideas on cleaning basement floor before painting
curved entry table curved foyer table curved foyer bench curved tufted bench traditional staircase by on curved entry bench curved foyer table curved entryway table
center for furniture craftmanship current exhibition center for furniture craftsmanship non profit woodworking school classes workshops peter korn center for furniture craftsmanship
cost of the wall about that wall new report details cost balloons easy avoidance tactics lennox wall mounted air conditioner cost
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns growing learn about crown of thorns houseplant care crown of thorns cactus plant care
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns is said to be the very crown had to use in his crown of thorns plant growing zone
countryside glass and mirror countryside glass and mirror greyhound salt lake city miscellaneous by countryside glass mirror fl countryside glass and mirror countryside glass mirror inc
center for furniture craftmanship the center for furniture craftsmanship studio being readied for my class center for furniture craftsmanship lodging
cost of the wall the crime rates among immigrants once here are in relatively tiny digits which is cost of trump wall mexico
ceiling hooks home depot ceiling hooks for plants adhesive ceiling hooks epic self for your farmhouse fan with plants ceiling ceiling hooks magnetic ceiling hooks home depot
ceiling swing how to hang chair from ceiling incredible hanging interior design blog swinging pertaining ceiling swing for baby
color change led light strip color change led light strips or modules max led music controller with remote control for color changing led strip lights home depot
crown of thorns plant care how to grow and care guide and tips an easy to understand guide to growing and caring for a crown of thorns plant or thornless crown of thorns plant care
color change led light strip weatherproof color changing high density led light strip kit color change led strip lights
color desk chairs color desk chair modern blue desk chairs with regard to bungee twist chair colors rust color color desk chair cream color desk chairs
canopy landscape system that provides pedestrian shelter between the various buildings and parking decks the canopy configuration blends well with the sites landscape canopy landscape architects nelso
color change led light strip car led strip i 1 4 1 4 multi color car led light strip wont change colors
corian solid surface shower walls affordable in addition to the shower pan i did his kitchen laundry room counter and separate wall caps in the living room sheets total with shower corian solid surfac
classic window coverings come visit our store at classic window coverings in bend or classic window panels
cleaning basement floor sumptuous design how to clean basement floor drain where to tie in drainage for my basement cleaning concrete basement floor after flood
cheap bunk beds with storage lovable kids bunk beds with storage bunk beds for kids with storage bunk beds with storage bunk beds with storage drawers
comenity bank the room place room place credit card the room place outlet modern furniture reviews large size of living modern comenity bank roomplace
ceiling swing indoor swing chair from ceiling hanging indoor rattan swing chair hanging chair for bedroom ceiling mount swing arm light
craftsman house exterior craftsman home exterior heavenly two story craftsman house plans or other home exterior view craftsman home craftsman home exterior craftsman home exterior designs
cleaning basement floor cleaning basement floor coffee brown acid stain acid staining basement floors is becoming more and more cleaning basement floor after sewer backup
cabinet door repair repairing kitchen cabinet warped kitchen cabinet doors kitchen cabinets repair services kitchen warped kitchen cabinet door cabinet door repair las vegas
comenity bank the room place bank the room place beau oval dining table set for 6 furniture bedroom sets furniture comenity bank roomplace
cleaning basement floor clean concrete floor image titled clean concrete floors step clean concrete basement floor before painting cleaning concrete floor with hydrochloric acid
color change led light strip led strip light dream color magic led strips programmable pixel led strips outdoor color changing led strip lights
cheap bunk beds with storage children cabin beds kids cabin beds extra storage cheap bunk beds pertaining to kids bed with pull out bed inexpensive bunk beds with storage
countryside glass and mirror modern countryside villa the greenhouse courtyard thatched roof countryside glass mirror inc
corner dining booth dining booth set home corner table restaurant charming kitchen booths throughout bench breakfast nook room corner booth dining set with storage
copper sink bowl copper bowl sink extraordinary basin hand made above counter interior design copper vanity sink bowl
center for furniture craftmanship photos of my turning class at the center for furniture craftsmanship in center for furniture craftsmanship lodging
cook rack of lamb cook rack of lamb cooking a rack of lamb roast rack of lamb recipe how long cook rack of lamb cooking rack of lamb on gas grill
comenity bank the room place bank the room place room place credit card the room place credit card free online comenity bank roomplace
curved entry table curved entry table the rustic console or sofa table has natural curved branches for stretchers and pegged curved wall entry table curved entryway table
cost of the wall the cost of trumps wall compared to the value of the programs hes proposing to cut cost wall street journal ipad subscription
canopy roof retractable pergola roof modern design ideas about with regard to idea canopy roof racks for sale
center for furniture craftmanship students and craftsmen nodded hello as we made our inspection school chairs peter korn center for furniture craftsmanship
cookie house download gingerbread cookie house with isolated stock image image of cake food cookie house careers
comenity bank the room place bankruptcy can be stressful let us help you for over a decade comenity bank roomplace
corian solid surface shower walls vanity custom basin with integrated in glacier white by advance solid surface walls cladding and shower nooks in glacier white by how to install corian solid surface
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant growing in java stock photo crown thorns plant care
center for furniture craftmanship the blog center for furniture craftsmanship non wood clamps center for furniture craftsmanship instagram
ceiling swing ceiling chair awesome hanging egg chair for bedroom design cheap indoor furniture ideas ceiling swing chair ceiling swing for baby
claw foot tub shower claw foot tub shower faucets claw foot tub shower traditional master bathroom with antique tub with claw foot tub shower clawfoot tub handheld shower riser
ceiling hooks home depot decorative ceiling hooks decorative ceiling hooks home depot decorative coat hooks command ceiling hooks home depot
crown of thorns plant care here are a few care tips and information about your crown of thorns plant is a succulent plant in the same family as the poinsettia crown of thorns plant care outside
crown of thorns plant care red thorny crown of thorns plant click to enlarge crown of thorns plant growing zone
camouflage reclining chair recliners brown chair furniture direct near me camo recliner chair canada
curling iron holder wall mount curling iron holder condo iron bedroom and condos hair dryer and curling iron holder wall curling iron blow dryer and flat iron holder wall mount
corner dining booth dinette sets with bench seating kitchen corner seating ideas booth kitchen table dining room corner bench breakfast nook seating with storage corner booth dining set uk
cue stick rack cue stick racks wine barrel stave pool wall mount rack holder for floor log billiard professional solid wood billiard cue stick rack pool cue billiard stick floor rack
cleaning basement floor concrete basement flooring and repair in cleaning basement floor after sewer backup
ceiling hooks home depot ceiling swing hanging chair from ceiling ceiling swing hooks home depot ceiling hooks home depot canada
ceiling hooks home depot coat hooks home depot adorable ceiling hooks home depot 8 in bike hooks for ceiling home ceiling tile hooks home depot
cheap corner sofa beds folding beds best for smaller space home design corner sofa bed with storage canada
cabinet door repair kitchen cabinet repair s s kitchen cabinet door repair kits kitchen cabinet door repair singapore
comfort air bed new single size premium flocked inflatable comfort quest air bed with built in pillow comfort cell air mattress king single bed
child play table and chairs children craft table friendly wood children table chair furniture design craft work home design software free children craft table kids furniture childrens toy table and ch
claw foot tub shower my one day dream is to have a tub this shower enclosure would be a great addition to that dream list clawfoot tub shower kit home depot
claw foot tub shower tub shower accessories rim mount tub shower kit oil rubbed bronze tub accessories shower tub shower clawfoot tub shower combo
classic window coverings large window coverings classic window coverings wonderful ideas for window treatments for large windows window treatments classic window panels
copper sink bowl double bowl copper sink with cutting board and a copper grid copper double bowl sink
center for furniture craftmanship we went into a gallery filled with wooden works of art and started nosing around it did not take long before a well dressed woman to welcome us and inquire center for
child play table and chairs table and chair set wooden children table and chairs wood table and chair sets best table and chair childrens playroom table and chairs
canopy landscape canopy landscape 4 west facade office building sloped landscape and canopy canopy landscapes canopy landscape houston
curling iron holder wall mount holder wall mount aluminum hair dryer holder wall mounted bathroom blower in incredible photographs wall mounted blow dryer and curling iron holder curling iron holder w
crown of thorns plant care propagating crown of thorns growing crown of thorns plant cuttings or seeds crown of thorns plant care pruning
california fireplace view in gallery mid century modern has fireplace california fireplaces regulation
comenity bank the room place bank the room place bank the room place awesome the room place furniture outlet bank comenity bank roomplace
craigslist san jose ca furniture patio furnit extremely ideas patio outdoor ca area craigslist san jose ca furniture by owner
central florida glass central window and door uses durable hardware and a variety of glass options envision the endless possibilities of creating an entrance system that central florida glass and door
cheap bunk beds with storage image of wooden bunk beds with storage wooden bunk beds with storage drawers
color desk chairs small desk chair no wheels comfortable perfect white color office casters for laminate floors creative of desk chair color office chairs
craigslist san jose ca furniture furniture awesome furniture perfect furniture sets furniture craigslist free furniture san jose ca
christmas light fuse replacement how to repair dashboard lights advice com how to test car fuses with test light club car lights fuse location noma christmas light fuse replacement
canopy landscape scenes from a sneak peek tour of the new amenities at whiting forest including a canopy landscape houston
cook rack of lamb ca rack of lamb is an impressive protein to cook for guests but how do you cut it its not an easy meat to cut before or after can you cook lamb rack from frozen
claw foot tub shower tub with also bathtub shower with also cast iron pedestal tub with also cast clawfoot tub shower surround
central florida glass pool tile tile supply inc years years serving central central florida glass and mirror
center for furniture craftmanship from center for furniture craftsmanship class st in brilliant and also center for furniture craftsmanship
comenity bank the room place place credit card unique bank total rewards visa comenity bank roomplace
child play table and chairs children play table and chairs kids play table and chairs table and chairs furniture table chairs children play table and chairs childrens play table chair set
ceiling fan watts how many watts does a ceiling fan use ceiling fan watts every ceiling fan on includes how many watts does a ceiling fan ceiling fan watts in pakistan
ceiling hooks home depot suspended ceiling hooks home depot ceiling drop adhesive ceiling hooks home depot
craigslist san jose ca furniture office furniture office furniture craigslist san jose ca furniture by owner
countryside glass and mirror glass shower glass and mirror work from crystal glass and mirror in palm harbor countryside glass mirror inc
child play table and chairs toddler girl table and chairs toddler table chairs desk and chair set table child play activity toddler play table and chairs amazon
countryside glass and mirror view through a cars windshield of the road and surrounding countryside countryside glass mirror dunedin fl
curling iron holder wall mount hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount beautiful q tip cotton ball hair dryer curling iron blow dryer and flat iron holder wall mount
cleaning basement floor porch and floor paint home depot floor paint basement floor paint home depot home depot porch floor paint cleaning basement floor drain
custom pool cue up for sale full splice billiards cue called tulip made by master blade using black price custom pool cue shafts
color change led light strip colour change strip light features color changing led strip lights for sale
curling iron holder wall mount wall mounted blow dryer holder wall mount hair dryer dryer holder curling iron blow storage hair hang wall mount salon home wall mounted blow dryer and curling iron hold
comenity bank the room place 6 months financing no interest if paid in full within 6 months and no down payment comenity bank roomplace
central florida glass visitors aboard the chief glass bottom tour boat at the silver springs attraction in central florida glass and mirror
crown of thorns plant care crown of thorns plant pruning red hot giant crown of thorns cot crown of thorns plant crown of thorns plant crown of thorns plant care winter
cost of the wall the cost of trumps border wall prototypes to taxpayers wallpaper installation cost per square foot
cost of the wall may get its border wall it just might have to do without a lot else price to wallpaper one wall
classic window coverings window coverings for small windows letter printed window curtain for small window kitchen classic pendant lighting a kitchen counter with stainless window the classic home win
child play table and chairs children table and chair set kid table chair kids table and chair set wood kid sized children table and chair childs play table and chairs uk
cheap bunk beds with storage kid beds with storage white bunk beds with storage bunk beds with steps white bunk bed double bunk bed with storage uk
cabinet door repair cabinet door repair kitchen hinges in amazing interior design ideas for home with how to install cabinet door repair phoenix
cambria light show check out my photos from the show below and be sure to read my interview with for a bit of behind the scenes insight into cambria light show 2017
cheap corner sofa beds chaise sofa bed corner sofa bed chaise sofa bed love your home corner sofa bed with storage from poland
curling iron holder wall mount hair dryer and curling iron holder found this curling iron holder hair dryer curling curling iron holder wall mount diy
cream storage ottoman coffee table brown faux leather storage ottoman with 4 satin cream cream storage ottoman with tray
cool tea kettles this helps the jumping of tea leaves which is essential for good tea brewing the shape inside the spout helps prevent excessive amount of water from tea kettles near me
curling iron holder wall mount hair dryer and curling iron holder curling iron blow dryer and flat iron holder wall mount wooden hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount
cost of the wall hundreds of people march along a levee toward the to oppose the wall the structural engineer cost wall removal
copper sink bowl copper sink bowl bowls oval hammered popular intended for 9 vessel pertaining to design 4 copper single bowl sink
classic window coverings large window coverings design for contemporary treatment classic window panels
craftsman house exterior craftsman house colors white five glass window exterior paint combinations green craftsman houses exterior old houses modern craftsman exterior house colors
camouflage reclining chair recliners sale uflage recliner for adults medium image recliners chair sales sale furniture stores in camo recliner chair covers
curling iron holder wall mount hair dryer and curling iron holder wall mount appliance rack ha curling iron blow dryer and flat iron holder wall mount
cheap bunk beds with storage bunk beds with shelves decorating fancy bunk beds with storage white cameo deluxe staircase bed bunk bunk beds cheap bunk beds with storage uk
cost of the wall materials panel of suppliers building design organization secretary general reveal the usage amount of the wallpapers in the internal of wall to wall carpet cost in kenya
color change led light strip led strip lights sync to music led remote control color change led light strip
color change led light strip color changing led light strips color change led light strip outdoor color changing led strip lights color change led strip lights
cool tea kettles above the hard anodized kettle made in the is from march in tea kettle target electric
chinatown kitchen china town kitchen kitchen with peek out toward the porch kitchen chinatown kitchen menu winchester va
custom pool cue our shop table loaded with materials supplies finished cues and cue components we build custom pool cue cases for sale
cabinet door repair cabinet repair quick solutions to the most common cabinet problems cabinet door repair cabinet repair broken kitchen cabinet door cabinet door repair near me
child play table and chairs children play table and chairs wooden children table and chair wooden table and chairs wooden toddler children play table and chairs child play table and chairs
cleaning basement floor cleaning basement floor concrete basement floor stained concrete basement floors fresh on floor with regard to cleaning basement floor cleaning basement floor with tsp
ceiling fan watts averaged over ceiling fans showed that the ceiling fans typically move about ceiling fan watts in pakistan
classic window coverings window shadings buy at classic window coverings in bend or classic window coverings buford ga 30518
cost of the wall an agent of the border patrol observed near the us border fence low cost wall insulation
cheap bunk beds with storage signature design by solid pine twin twin bunk bed w under bed cheap bunk beds with storage drawers
coastal dining table traditional excellent the best beach dining room ideas on throughout coastal table idea coastal dining room table sets
curved entry table curved entryway bench garden bench and seat pads round garden bench outdoor entryway bench white wooden curved entryway curved entryway table
central florida glass new glass block at the spa three new led lights and a salt system are also being added hopefully demolition starts next week central florida glass distributors
cheap bunk beds with storage since we design and build furniture our pieces are modern simple practical and sturdy we specialize in loft beds and bunk beds desks bunk beds with storage ikea
copper sink bowl single bowl oval copper sink with grid drain in antique bronze copper single bowl kitchen sink
cost of the wall trump is trying to hold the govt hostage over a border wall we need that could cost taxpayers to build yr to maintain tweeted cost of woodchip wallpaper removal
We don't have problems prosecuting our sex crimes most the cases prosecutor wins, its just a damn shame they have to go through this mess to begin with.. Its looking at it from a prospective of the actual crime with all the elements of the crime.. not just hearing bits and pieces on the news, when the news calls my court every morning and ask ME what's newsworthy..SO DON'T believe everything you hear on the news.. I know details that are kept from the jury and the news.. and there are some situations that the woman could have avoided being in, not that she didn't have the right to be there, its just horrible that she has to experience what happened to her.. I strongly believe age has a lot to do with the choices we make.. as we grow older hopefully we learn, and white women are more open to some situation at any age, that a black woman AIN'T ever going to put herself in.. Black folks don't usually find themselves wanting to live with bears, or climb mountains that would put you in the path of avalanche, its not the norm...So I can't relate to all these situations just b/c they are of the same sex that I am we're not even coming from the same background that would put me in that situation.
I agree completely. She needed a momma like you. I know my mom wouldn't have let me go to a boy's house, at night, on a school night. I feel where you are coming from. So your court has a higher conviction rate? That is good. The justice department estimates that 24% of reported rape perpetrators are actually arrested in the US, and less than 3% serve jail time.
I wouldn't have a problem with this if it didn't serve to defame rape victims. The entire reason rape shield laws were established was to prevent focusing on what the victim could have done to prevent the crime rather than focusing on why the perpetuator committed the crime. If the victim had any culpability, people tend to doubt the occurrence of the rape. Rapists know this, so who do they rape? Strippers, prostitutes, promiscuous women (who will believe them?), or close friends or family (they are less likely to report), or they join the military (the military isn't prosecuting rapists). American society is apologetic for rape.
I wasn't making fun of you. I thought everyone said staph it. I was telling her to stop running in the park at night. If something happens to her, there will be no sympathy. Isn't "staph it" from Jersey Shore? I'm not trying to start stuff. This is a sign I should log off.
I legit thought staph it was the new way to say stop it, like tooken was the new taken. I don't intentionally shade anyone. I'm not that nuanced.
Yeah, I was saying that time and place for discussion on safety and prevention is outside of the discussion of culpability. It has to be at a separate time as not to confuse the issue. There is victim culpability and ways to avoid or minimize rape. It should be taught and emphasized, but it's own place. If that makes sense. I don't have a problem admitting that women can do things to be safer.
that's right see her ass wouldn't have got out the house on a school night let alone going to a party.. you damn right..
yes we successfully do good in our sex crimes, we've got some good Prosecutor's that know how to work it in jury trials, just excellent.. but we've had cases where we had to send the police to get the girl's mother out of a crack house to come and testify.. the girl got in this position b/c the mother used her daughter to hang out with these young men b/c they liked the daughter, so the moma can get high..i've seen and heard too much..
[S195] International Genealogical Index, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, (www.familysearch.org;), baptism of Henry Seager, son of Henry Seager and Sarah, 1 Jun 1802, Presbyterian, Tenterden, born 23 Apr 1802 (extracted from register in RG 4/1987) (Reliability: 3).
[S195] International Genealogical Index, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, (www.familysearch.org;), baptism of George Lansdell Seger, son of Henry Seger and Sarah Lansdell, 4 Oct 1820, Great George Street Independent, Liverpool, born 29 Oct 1816 (extracted from register in RG 4/1478) (Reliability: 3).
[S195] International Genealogical Index, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, (www.familysearch.org;), baptism of Charles Seger, son of Henry Seger and Sarah Lansdell, 4 Oct 1820, Great George Street Independent, Liverpool, born 1 Mar 1819 (extracted from register in RG 4/1478) (Reliability: 3).
225. Henry Seager of the Parish of Maidstone in the County of Kent a Batchelor and Sarah Lansdell of this Parish Spinster were married in this Church by Licence this twenty fifth day of March in the Year 1800 by me J:W: Wickes M:A
[S328] Liverpool Mercury etc, (available as part of the British Library's British Newspapers 1600-1900 website - http://access.gale.com;), Friday, April 30, 1830 (Reliability: 2).
On Thursday, the 22d instant, at St. George's, Hanover-square, London, Samuel John Stratford, Esq. to Jane, third and youngest daughter of Mr. Henry Seager, late of this town.
[S328] Liverpool Mercury etc, (available as part of the British Library's British Newspapers 1600-1900 website - http://access.gale.com;), Friday, September 7, 1832 (Reliability: 2).
On the 18th of July last, at Bytown, Upper Canada, Mr. Henry Seager, sen. banker, formerly of Maidstone, and late of this town.
La Furia Roja travel through Madrid on an open-top bus with the tournament cup in celebration of their championship win.
The Spanish soccer team receive a warm welcome by their jubilant fans after yet another extraordinary tournament in Ukraine and Poland. The team flew home to Madrid after their amazing 4-0 final win against Italy. The logo “proud of our national team” was featured on the plane that brought them home. Goalkeeper Iker Casillas and Coach Vicente del Bosque came out of the plane first, showing off the tournament cup to their native land. Upon their arrival, Spanish King Juan Carlos, along with other royalty, congratulated the team with their victory and held a celebration at Palacio de la Zarzuela. After the reception, the Spanish royalty mingled with the team in the gardens while Prince Felipe’s twin daughters, Sofia and Leonor, watched the tournament cup and grabbed confetti out of its inside.
La Furia Roja then proudly paraded their trophy through the streets of Madrid for 2 1/2 hours, adding large smiles to the faces of the Spaniards despite the country’s economic struggles. The city was packed with thousands of excited fans and was covered in the Spainish colors: yellow and red. After the bus ride, the team went up on the stage in Cibeles plaza, danced to music, and splattering wine at each other in celebration of their wonderful victory.
Founded FutbolPulse in 2012. Avid supporter of Bayern Munich and the United States National Team. Enthusiastic about sports journalism and everything to do with football. Current student at Princeton University.
When addressing financial matters in any of our Sites, videos, newsletters or other content, we’ve taken every effort to ensure we accurately represent our programs and their ability to grow your business and improve your current situation. However, there is no guarantee that you will get any results or earn any money using any of our ideas, tools, strategies or recommendations.
Nothing on our Sites is a promise or guarantee of earnings. Your level of success in attaining similar results is dependent upon multiple factors including your skill, knowledge, ability, dedication, business savvy, network, and financial situation, to name a few. Because these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot and do not guarantee your success, income level, or ability to earn revenue. You alone are responsible for your actions and results in life and business.
Any forward-looking statements outlined on our Sites are simply our opinion and thus are not guarantees or promises for actual performance. It should be clear to you that by law we make no guarantees that you will achieve any results from our ideas or models presented on our Sites, and we offer no professional legal, medical, psychological or financial advice.
The information contained in or made available through our sites (including but not limited to information contained on videos, message boards, comments, on coaching calls, in emails, in text files, or in chats) cannot replace or substitute for the services of trained professionals in any field, including, but not limited to, financial, medical, psychological, or legal matters.
Neither we nor our partners, or any of their affiliates, will be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages that may result, including but not limited to economic loss, injury, illness or death. You alone are responsible and accountable for your decisions, actions and results in life, and by your use of the Sites, you agree not to attempt to hold us liable for any such decisions, actions or results, at any time, under any circumstance.
If you didn't find the product information you want above, you can search more Garden Fencing information through here. We are dedicated to provide you more Garden Fencing Manufacturer. Anyway, thanks again for your kind patronage!
Herpy has had a good 13 year run and will never be forgotten for those of us who experienced it. Sadly the site is today unappealing and is no longer fit for the audience of 2018. The gallery will remain operational until further notice. You can follow me on Twitter for further developments. We also have a Discord server which has become the heart of the community. If you wish to join it, send me a PM over Twitter.
Watch The Rookie Online at Mycouchtuner.One Starting over isn’t easy, especially for small-town guy John Nolan who, after a life-altering incident, is pursuing his dream of being a Los Angeles police officer. As the force’s oldest rookie, he’s met with skepticism from some higher-ups who see him as just a walking midlife crisis. If he can’t keep up with the young cops and the criminals, he’ll be risking lives including his own. But if he can use his life experience, determination and sense of humor to give him an edge, he may just become a success in this new chapter of his life.
CouchTuner do not host any videos or uploads any media files which is found here. This site only contains links that lead you to other sites (eg. thevideo.com and others). So the CouchTuner is not liable for any copyrighted, legality or any other aspect of the linked sites mentioned. If you have any legal complaints please contact the appropriate media file hosters.
Stay on top of the latest Energy and Sustainability trends and opportunities that impact your business. Click here to become a Green Blog follower today.
When Property Assessed Clean Energy (PACE) programs to fund energy improvements in 27 U.S. states were derailed in 2010 by opposition from the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), supporters of the program knew that it was too good an idea to disappear.
A year later, PACE has made a strong comeback on several fronts. A lawsuit against FHFA by the State of California appears headed for a Circuit Court hearing next year. PACE programs for commercial property—which were not covered by FHFA’s action but were affected by similar concerns from first-mortgage holders—are moving forward in several large cities.
Now there is a push in the U.S. Congress to correct rescind FHFA’s warnings to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and prohibit discrimination against PACE homeowners and communities.
Co-sponsored by U.S. Reps. Nan Hayworth, M.D. (R-NY), Mike Thompson (D-CA) and Dan Lungren (R-CA), The PACE Assessment Protection Act of 2011 also establishes national PACE underwriting and consumer protection standards. Although municipalities would have some flexibility in administering the program, it makes sense to have some uniform standards in place.
For instance, owners must have at least 15 percent equity and a solid tax payment history to be eligible for funding, and projects are capped at 10 percent of home value. Improvements must have an economic payback and contractors must be qualified. First-mortgage lenders are assured that PACE liens will not accelerate in the event of a default.
A lot of the language in the proposed legislation is focused on homes, but the resurgence of PACE in the residential market will also fuel supply and demand in the commercial sector. With these changes, PACE could be better positioned than ever to solve the financing challenges for energy retrofits, solar installations and other energy related improvements in commercial property
Stay on top of the latest Energy and Sustainability trends and opportunities that impact your business.
Evaluating your offsite renewable energy options? Why direct access service may be the best option for your business
We cordially invite all the GSEF Steering Committee (SC) members to participate in the GSEF2018 SC meeting to be held in Euskalduna Conference Centre (Room B1), Bilbao on 30 Sep. Prior to the General Assembly, the SC will meet in person to streamline agenda items and formulate GSEF development strategies. Please save the date and we look forward to meeting all SC members in Bilbao this October. A formal convocation letter signed by co-chairpersons, together with a more detailed information of the meeting to be followed soon. If SC members have any question, please do not hesitate to contact the Secretariat via gsef@gsef-net.org
Purpose: To join with other adults from the congregation to develop new friendships and to enrich relationships on deeper levels than are typical through Sunday morning encounters.
Hosting: Host a group one night per week for two months (8 gatherings) where participants receive the ministry of hospitality, enjoy a simple meal, and focus on table talk that allows them to share and connect. (Focus is on relationship building, not food.)
Please complete this form if you are interested in participating or hosting. We will be in touch with additional details.
Feel free to stop by our offices at any point throughout the week, or give us a call to make an appointment with one of our pastors.
First Baptist Church of Alexandria, VA is located on King Street between Old Town Alexandria and Interstate 395.
Hier ein kleiner vorgeschmack darauf, was linkedin mitglieder über dmitriy skudnov sagen: dmitriy has hit multiple home runs with bonsai his communication skills are superb, has a high integrity of work, hits deadlines consistently, and is a very talented umbraco developer. The senior person in the pig-raising family was a thin and wiry old man because of his old age and his status as the first to move to this neighborhood, people would respectfully greet him whenever we encountered him. Eight people have been killed in china's far western xinjiang region, including three knife-wielding assailants, in the latest outbreak of violence in the volatile territory. Named inscriptions dating from year 64 to 98 of kanishka’s era suggest his reign extended from at least 191 to 225 ad he was the last great kushan emperor, and the end of his rule coincides with the invasion of the sassanids as far as northwestern india, and the establishment of the indo-sassanids or kushanshahs from around 240 ad.
Dating us edition uk edition were killed in a february knife attack in southern xinjiang's pishan county, which borders pakistan hong kong's decision to effectively blacklist a senior. By proving himself with a difficult ethnic portfolio and being one of the first senior party officials to speak of xi jinping as “core” of the party leadership, chen gained xi’s confidence (wenxuecheng, august 31, 2016) he will likely be rewarded with a seat on the politburo at the 19th party congress. A lot of people don't know, she single handedly saved star trek nbc rejected the pilot, complaining that it was “too cerebral,” but they took the highly unusual decision to pay for an additional pilot to be shot.
There are plenty of free online senior singles dating sites for seniors and mature dating today where just senior singles uk is one of the best senior dating sites that is dedicated for older. Pishan latino personals cliffwood mature dating site harpers ferry hindu dating site bruno mars when i was your man single itunes plus stoutland senior singles springwater senior singles wildsville single gay men middle eastern single men in east dorset black single men in bloomburg. Minorities the chinese population of more than one billion consists of a great many ethnic national minorities these ethnic groups are as diverse as they are unique each one contributing its own drop in the river of chinese culture and history. Hostage crisis save police often train to recover hostages taken by force, as in this exercise a hostage is a person or entity which is held by one of two belligerent parties to the other or seized as security for the carrying out of an agreement, or as a preventive measure against war. A single “safe county” project won by one of those projects is a $53 million deal announced in 2017 for a facial-recognition system in pishan a senior research analyst at freedom house.
Home people barry parsons barry parsons professor of geodesy and geophysics senior research fellow tel: surface folding, and the development of geological structure in the m w 63 2015 pishan (china) earthquake, j co-seismic vertical displacements from a single post-seismic lidar dem: example from the 2010 el mayor-cucapah. Jiayituo gelake village of pishan county in xinjiang is situated by the teklimakan desert, and is suffering from inhabitable natural environment nearly half of the households of this village are living in poverty, and their sole income source rely on a small amount of livestock and fruit trees. Up samajwadi pension yojana 2018 increased rs 500 to rs1000 per month up samajwadi online registration form latest news for checking your name & amount visit at sspy-upgovin. Ii background located in the farthest northwest corner of china, xinjiang was first formally incorporated into the chinese empire in 1884 human rights watch interview with senior pakistani.
The kingdom of khotan was an ancient buddhist kingdom that was located on the branch of the silk road that ran along the southern edge of the taklamakan desert in the tarim basin (the area lies in present day xinjiang, china. Chennai, india senior singles a self proclaimed pool player bar is place to gain calories and gym is place to burn it a self proclaimed pool player bar is place to gain calories and gym is place to burn it all this doesn't matter to me. Ni tera turna tey pishan murna 0phyesxxwzuk066rxmsqly ok andrew thomas reid,james heinz 0pktscrhe0mpjrsnynnzlz frank and monica judah salem kim judah kim & the assassination 0pkyyv5uowuzwucflqlcrn sprung in der schüssel 0pn5yyzlukvkci1iflxnio die neuen abenteuer des phileas fogg, folge 14: der goldvulkan, teil 32.
Search for local senior singles in everett online dating brings singles together who may never otherwise meet it's a big world and the seniorpeoplemeetcom community wants to help you connect with singles in your area. Quickly rolled out the same securitization strategy, accomplishing in a single year what took him five years in the tar in tibet and now xinjiang, chen quanguo lifted a strategy directly from the imperial with a difficult ethnic portfolio and being one of the first senior party officials to speak of xi. Authorities in a region in china have ordered every vehicle to be installed with a tracking device to help curb terrorism the move was reported in chinese state media on february 20. According to a statement posted on the local government's website, the attack occurred tuesday evening in pishan county in southern xinjiang, home to china's uighur ethnic minority.
Pishan's best 100% free muslim dating site meet thousands of single muslims in pishan with mingle2's free muslim personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim men and women in pishan is the perfect place to make muslim friends or find a muslim boyfriend or girlfriend in pishan. There are two schools of thought on the yorkshire terrier: (1) he is a vigorous terrier (2) he is a delicate toy dog made for pampering the owner's view of him has much to do with how an individual dog turns out.
Description: A metallic finish shows shimmer to these woven, faux leather Yosi Samra flip flops. Rubber material makes soles more durable. Natural, unbleached cow leather will last a very long time. This is a perfect buy to pumper yourself. In stock with different sizes: 5,7,8
Description: An outstandingly comfy jersey Young Fabulous & Broke maxi dress. The wide straps cross in back. Raw hem. There is only one layer of material. The following article’s fabric is Soft jersey. 92% modal/8% spandex. Use very little detergent and wash in warm or cold water by hand. The length of this product is 56in / 142cm, that starts from shoulder and the measurements are taken from size S. In stock with different sizes: L
Indonesia won the world’s top destination for the second year in a row. In a very close race, Sea Hunter in the Cocos pipped MV Pelagian of Sulawesi to win top liveaboard and the most popular resort was Siladen in Indonesia.
President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo has earned a reputation for continuously posting videos on his YouTube channel, allowing viewers to catch a glimpse of his activities.
Indonesian Finance Minister Sri Mulyani witnesses Wika’s listing debut at London Stock Exchange on Monday.
As one of the world’s largest coffee exporters after Brazil and Vietnam, Indonesia serves as an interesting coffee destination with plantations spreading from Aceh to Papua.
Founded in 2015, the Ubud Food Festival Presented by ABC is a three-day culinary adventure with Indonesian food as the star. In its four years it has grown into Southeast Asia’s leading culinary event. Showcasing Indonesia’s diverse cuisines, extraordinary local produce, and culinary heroes both emerging and established, UFF celebrates the archipelago’s rich culinary heritage and the exciting future of its food industry
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I) upgrades the Sovereign Credit Rating of the Republic of Indonesia from BBB-/Positive Outlook to BBB/Stable Outlook as announced on March 7th, 2018.
“Too Good To Be True is the next level for me and I can't think of anyone better to have worked on this than The Vamps and Machine Gun Kelly. Working with these artists has been one of the biggest motivations and inspirations for me to date!” – DANNY AVILA
Toronto, ON – March 2, 2018 – Spanish DJ/producer, Danny Avila, is gearing up for his biggest year yet. That’s saying something, as the 22-year-old has already made a huge mark on the electronic music scene to date, slotting in at no. 52 in the Top 100 DJ’s of 2017 poll – DJ Mag’s highest re-entry of the year. Avila is pulling out the big guns for his first release of 2018, announcing an international multi-single deal with B1 Recordings / Sony Music Spain for huge new release Too Good To Be True.
Joining Danny Avila on Too Good To Be True are global superstars, The Vamps – whose vocal talents have skyrocketed them in to the limelight since the band first formed in 2011. Having achieved worldwide fame, The Vamps are understandably selective when it comes to choosing musical partners to work with. This is where Danny’s production talent really steps to the fore, as the artists combine for the first time. Add US rap sensation, Machine Gun Kelly, in to the mix, and the recipe for the perfect urban-infused electronic track is complete. This is one colossal collaboration that goes beyond expectations!
A blend of Danny’s meticulous, upbeat production with The Vamps’ trademark catchy vocals makes Too Good To Be True the ultimate dance track – perfect when you need an escape from reality. With Machine Gun Kelly switching up the beat with his masterful lyrics, it’s too easy to lose yourself in the uplifting world of Too Good To Be True.
2. Extremely tidy, and thus overbearing and controlling about everything else in the house. (think nagging the fuck out of you like you're their SO)
Messy roommates are the absolute worst, and in every experience throughout my life.. every female I've ever known has been a complete slob. The one exception was a girl who lived with me and her bf (2 others as well). I'm a clean freak, but I keep my things tidy and only expect minimal cleanliness in common areas so as no to be a prick. This girl ... she was a controlling freakazoid. She would spend all of her time cleaning thoroughly then another 20 minutes bitching to the household about how she always has to clean up.
If nothing else from this post, understand this. When a male bitches at you its usually short lived, to the point and only because things have gone so far to justify a bitching. When a female bitches at you it will feel as if you are dating them, that particular condescending tone females have when talking down on their SO when disapproving comes right out.. there is no filter, no difference here. The bitching will be more frequent and you will at many times feel as if you are living with your girlfriend but not getting any sex.
Examples : She shared her bathroom with 3 guys (big house, and I had my own (master)), and she'd scrub it twice a week. She expected these 3 other guys to rotate bi weekly to literally scrub every inch of the bathroom. I get it, you're clean .. I am too but twice a week?
Another is dishes.. this is always a touchy subject. We had a rule at this house that no dishes be left in the sink, just rinse and put in the dishwasher. From time to time dish get left in the sink but this is honestly expected, human nature, guests over etc.. or cleaning up while ppl are over and entertaining at the same time. She would go APE SHIT if she came home from work (worked nights, retail) and there was 1 glass in the sink.
She was a tidy roommate who paid rent before the 1st to me (I collected). We got along decently because I had the master, my own bathroom and was a tidy bitch myself. The other normal guys in the house? not so much. But she was the exception to the experiences I've had. All other girls I know/met are utter slobs. Some don't have visible carpet because clothing is all over the place. Don't get me started with make-up, hair products, hair dryers etc... Sharing a bathroom with a female is something no man should ever do, and must endure only when married.
Now lets be fair here, most guys are slobs too. Slobs are the worst roommates so it goes both ways. However by and large even the slobby guys are not 1/2 as bad as most girls. I dont meet many neurotic females, most are just clutter freaks who dont know how to keep clean not out of laziness but because they have too much shit and nowhere to put it.
Pro tip : Live alone, get a lap dog. Save the living with someone who bitches for when you're married.
I thought it worked out well. It wasn't that different from having a dude roommate, really. We weren't really close friends, but we got along, and seemed to have similar ideas about neatness and cleaning.
With that out of the way, though, it depends on the girl, just like it'd depend on the guy if it were a dude. Some will be easygoing and relatively easy to live with. Others will, as theNoid said, feel like you're putting up with all the disadvantages of a live-in girlfriend, but not getting any sex.
at people saying women are more inclined to clean. The cleanest roommate I ever had was a male. Not to say mine are too bad about it, but when my one roommate who writes a comic for a living does her convention circuit during the summer, me and my other roommate seem to have this competition to see who can ignore the shit in the sink the longest.
My situation might not be relatable since they're older and probably a little more responsible. Also the two I live with are both self employed so as far as alone time goes I don't get a lot unless I lock myself in my room. They give me plenty of space though and are pretty respectful as far as privacy goes.
Compared to my past male roommates (both older, 30 and 39), it hasn't been that big of a difference since all parties involved were mature enough. I've never lived with anyone my own age save a brief experience living with a now-ex.
The women I'm living with now definitely cook more than the guys I've lived with though. And there is always left overs. Haven't gone grocery shopping proper in like a month
it was me and 2 girls. 1 of them stopped by like once a week, but lived at her BF's most of the time. the other seemed normal at first, but she ended up being completely nasty. her dishes piled up for weeks. she had 2 cats and changed the litter way too infrequently. all of the furniture was caked in cat hair. the apartment was completely full of random shit she had just laying all over taking up the entire common area. there was occasionally something red on the toilet seat that looked like blood (period blood? ). the shower was always clogged. various products ALL over the bathroom.
i was in a situation where i moved in with them and knew it was only going to be for a few months. i called her out on the shit a few times, but it did no good. i very rarely was any place but my room or the kitchen and my rent was way cheap, so I toughed it out.
The biggest problem I encountered was little things that most guys wouldn't really mind much about these girls blew out of proportion.
Friend leaves his dishes in sink for 36 hours, girls flip shit talking about how he needs to be more clean.
Girls leave dishes in sink for a week and when you mention it to them "I've been really busy, get off my back." And they'd be forever angry with him for that.
I just kept communal places clean and I was fine with em, they bought a bunch of frilly shit for the house made it more girl friendly, all the ladies I brought over loved my place.
Aside from the hair in the drain, which was mentioned above, they were good roommates. We'd all occasionally do things as a group, got on pretty well. Most of them were usually interested in wanting the place clean, which was nice, as I can be a neat freak at times myself. Unless they're in fine arts, then you'll have scrap paper everywhere, but I've had male roommates who did this too, so it doesn't matter too much on gender.
Only one of them I ever had a problem with brought up religion a lot, and we would clash on this from time to time, but nothing too detrimental.
I lived with a girl who was taking a break from school and worked in a kitchen. She would clean the house all the time, and never bitch about it. She did have a massive crush on one of my other male roommates. I tried to clean as much as I could, but it was already done whenever I decided to do it (like twice a week). I don't think theres much of a difference between the sexes, its really a case by case basis.
i lived with a girl in a 2-bed apt. we basically never talked, but we got along. just maintained our separate lives.
oh and i lived in a house with three other guys and one girl. she was crazy, a disgusting pig, and an escort. mmmn.
Successful cohabitation is down to personality types and habits more than anything else. Dismissing possible roommates strictly on a gender basis is pretty backwards in this day and age. Just interview potential roommates and consider them individually on a case-by-case basis regardless of their gender. In doing so, you'll be maximizing your chances of finding compatible roommates. Speaking personally as someone who has had a number of different incompatible roommates that were males, and a number of different compatible roommates that were females, it really does boil down to personality.
I lived with 2 girls in college and it was some of the best times I ever had in my life. It really helps that both of them were really cool while responsible at the same time.
That is the biggest difference in my experience, which made men significantly easier to live with and deal with. If you do something that pisses off one of your male roommates, it might piss him off for a bit, but he'll get over it an hour later and things will die down and a compromise will be reached really quick. With a female roommate, forget it.
It does, but the typical man vs the typical woman will have differences in their emotional patterns. Men are, by and large, easier to deal with when problems inevitably arise, even my female roommates agreed with that.
I lived with two escorts for a while about three years ago ... they were both really cool, fun to hang out with, very clean. Everything was great until I had a business trip cancelled last minute and returned to the apartment only to discover they had been using my bedroom for incalls while I was away.
The scrollable datatable fails to select the correct row when scrolling past the rows value. Is there a work around to fix this (I'm using version 3.2.0.SR1). The demo site seems to suffer from this problem as well. Really need this as client needs resizable header fields.
Returns the function that created an instance's prototype. This is the Int32Array constructor by default.
Returns the length (in bytes) of the Int32Array from the start of its ArrayBuffer. Fixed at construction time and thus read only.
Returns the offset (in bytes) of the Int32Array from the start of its ArrayBuffer. Fixed at construction time and thus read only.
Returns the number of elements hold in the Int32Array. Fixed at construction time and thus read only.
Apply a function against an accumulator and each value of the array (from left-to-right) as to reduce it to a single value. See also Array.prototype.reduce().
Apply a function against an accumulator and each value of the array (from right-to-left) as to reduce it to a single value. See also Array.prototype.reduceRight().
Reverses the order of the elements of an array — the first becomes the last, and the last becomes the first. See also Array.prototype.reverse().
The definition of 'TypedArray constructors' in that specification. Standard Initial definition in an ECMA standard. Specified that new is required.
The compatibility table on this page is generated from structured data. If you'd like to contribute to the data, please check out https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data and send us a pull request.
Starting with ECMAScript 2015, Int32Array constructors require to be constructed with a new operator. Calling a Int32Array constructor as a function without new, will throw a TypeError from now on.
If you haven’t previously confirmed a subscription to a Mozilla-related newsletter you may have to do so. Please check your inbox or your spam filter for an email from us.
A word tree depicts multiple parallel sequences of words. It could be used to show which words most often follow or precede a target word (e.g., "Cats are...") or to show a hierarchy of terms (e.g., a decision tree).
Google word trees are able to process large amounts of text quickly. Modern systems should be able to handle novel-sized amounts of text without significant delay.
Note: The word tree is in beta and may be undergoing substantial revisions in future Google Charts releases.
Suppose you've collected a set of phrases about cats (e.g., "cats eat mice", "cats are better than kittens") and you want to highlight the most important attributes from the set.
This word tree depicts a tree of phrases, with the size of the words proportional to their usage. In this set of phrases, "cats eat mice" occurs four times, and "cats eat" occurs six times (four times with "mice", and twice with "kibble").
Word trees are case-sensitive. If you want "Cats" and "cats" to be treated the same, use JavaScript's toLowerCase() or toUpperCase() methods on your text before providing it to the word tree.
There are two ways to create word trees: implicitly and explicitly. The choice is specified with the wordtree.format option.
The word tree will take a set of phrases, in any order, and construct the tree according to the frequency of the words and subphrases.
You tell the word tree what connects to what, how big to make each subphrase, and what colors to use.
The word tree in the previous section was an implicit Word Tree: we just specified an array of phrases, and the word tree figured out how big to make each word.
In an explicit word tree, the chart creator directly provides information about which words link to which, their color, and size.
There are several differences between the two word trees we've seen so far. The layout of the first word tree was calculated implicitly from a set of phrases, but in this word tree we've specified which words appear, where they appear, and how big they are.
This word tree is so wide that it's unlikely to fit onscreen. When that's the case, the word tree fades out at the edge. You can navigate the tree by clicking on any word.
In the above code, you can see that we construct our DataTable manually. We first declare our five columns:
This is row #9, adding the word Amoebae to the word tree. The parent is row 2 (Eukarya), the size is 1 (in no particular unit), and the color is 0. All of the colors in this word tree are black, but the sizes are different.
In implicit word trees, the actual display size of each word is affected by two things: the size specified for the word, and the size specified for all the words below it (that is, to the right) in the tree. In the above word tree, Life has three children: Archaea (size 1), Eukarya (size 5), and Bacteria (size 1). Archaea is displayed at a larger size than its siblings because it has five children, all of size 1. If we add the 21 phyla of bacteria, the relative sizes will change:
Because we haven't provided much vertical space for this word tree, the 21 phyla of bacteria are likely to overflow the available space. The word tree collapses them, so you see a tendril labelled "21 more". If you click on Bacteria, the word tree will recenter and you'll be able to see the 21 phyla. Clicking on Bacteria again will recenter "up" the tree.
If this automatic calculation of text size makes some words too big, you can set an upper bound with the maxFontSize option:
The word trees we've seen so far are all suffix word trees: the root word is on the left, and words immediately following the root are on the right. In a prefix word tree, the root is on the right, and in a double word tree, it's in the center. Here's Lincoln's Gettysburg address as a prefix word tree culminating in the word 'nation':
The root of the tree is specified in the word option, so with a little HTML we can give users the ability to select the root from their web page:
['Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this. But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate -- we can not consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.']
You can control the typeface and colors of your word trees. Typefaces are set with the fontName option:
Color is more subtle. Like size, it can optionally be used to indicate some attribute of the words in the tree. If we wanted to color the words in our "cats" word tree to indicate sentiment, we can supply that in our DataTable.
We set the sizes of all our words to 1, but let color (labeled arbitrarily as 'value' in the above snippet) range from 0 ("cats are evil") to 10 ("cats are awesome") to indicate sentiment. Then in our options, we specify three colors: lowest, neutral, and highest:
Colors can also be specified explicitly. Here's a word tree that shows potential moves for a chess game. In addition setting the colors of the words to 'white' and 'black', the background color is set to hex value '#cba' with the backgroundColor option:
Implicit word trees are broken into sentences and words according to simple rules, expressed as regular expressions. In rare cases you might want to override the default behavior, and in those cases you can use the wordSeparator and sentenceSeparator options.
Rows: Each row in the DataTable represents text to be displayed. For implicit word trees, the text of all rows is combined and tokenized before being displayed.
A list of three colors, specified either by English name or hex value. The colors for words will be taken from a spectrum that begins at the first color (the low value), moves through the middle color (neutral), and ends at the last color (high).
Draws the chart inside an inline frame. (Note that on IE8, this option is ignored; all IE8 charts are drawn in i-frames.)
If implicit, the input text will be split into sentences and words, and displayed according to frequency. If explicit, words and their connections are specified directly.
For implicit word trees, the regular expression to use to break the text into sentences. The sentences are then broken into words using the wordSeparator option.
For implicit word trees, which word to use as the root of the tree. (Note that word trees are case sensitive.) This option must be specified for double word trees.
For implicit word trees, the regular expression to use to break sentences into individual words to be displayed.
Draws the chart. The chart accepts further method calls only after the readyevent is fired. Extended description.
The chart is ready for external method calls. If you want to interact with the chart, and call methods after you draw it, you should set up a listener for this event before you call the draw method, and call them only after the event was fired.
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Note: The latest Facebook plugin has a max-width of 500px - there is an option to enabled "Adapt to plugin container width" but this means that if your viewport shrinks below 500px, it will be flexible and become smaller. Keep this in mind when placing your plugin, and perhaps considering placing it into a two-column layout. You will also need to replace the URL in the sample with your Facebook page URL.
We use cookies for various purposes including analytics and personalized marketing. By continuing to use the service, you agree to our use of cookies as described in the Cookie Policy.
SoundCloud started its agile journey with Scrum and eventually moved to an approach based on Kanban (more on that in one of the next blog posts). Regardless of the methodology we follow, though, we strongly believe that the most important tools an agile team can use to practice continuous improvement are retrospectives. You might ask why we consider the retrospective to be the most important one? We think it is key to constantly learn and to improve based on our experiences. The best way to achieve this is to look back at our work in regular intervals and to give every team member the opportunity to give input on the past work – and to make sure we have actually improved something. This is done by reviewing action items from the last retrospective as the first step.
The most frequent retrospective meeting is done after each iteration – in our context this means every two weeks. Every three months we do a big retrospective meeting with all of the engineers in one room to find common patterns in our development department. One major result of these big retrospectives is our “hacker time” project – see here for more details. The length of the retrospective depends on the size of the team and the time between retrospectives. We usually schedule 30 minutes for the short one after each iteration and 90 minutes for big ones.
You need only a few things to do a good retrospective – you can even do one only with Google Docs – but it works best with the following things:
Enough pens so everybody has one – rather use big pens than ball pens so the content is short and everybody in the room can read it
And someone to facilitate the retrospective, in Scrum it should be the Scrum Master. Really experienced teams do not necessarily need a facilitator. The facilitator keeps track of the time and leads the grouping of items.
1) You put three columns on the wall with the title: less – same – more. Ideally you label each columns with one of the three differently colored post-it’s (red= less, green=same, yellow=more).
So, all items put under “less” are things which either should be done less or should be stopped completely. “Same” is obvious, and “more” are items which should be done more or should be started.
Why? This scheme avoids the bad/good categories often used and allows an open communication where putting a sticker somewhere does not mean something is “bad” – it allows a more nuanced conversation.
2) Collecting items: everybody gets around 5-10 minutes to write down their points. During that time no discussions are allowed, it is only about collecting items.
Why? Everybody can give their input, often some people tend to dominate a discussion and the other people are not heard as much. This approach enables everybody to give their input.
People are free to put post-it’s on the wall (on the three columns) anytime. Latest after 10 minutes or when nobody is writing anymore the next phase starts.
The facilitator starts grouping items into clusters to find common themes. Usually there always are topics which a lot of people mention. Every item is read out to the group and if everybody agrees put to a cluster.
This is the final test if the grouping made sense – if you cannot agree on a name the cluster has too many different items and has to be split.
To identify the most pressing issues (number of post-its in a cluster is also a pretty meaningful indicator) everybody gets three votes and can give one vote to three different clusters. The top three items should be addressed during the next iteration.
If there is time left start discussing the clusters starting with the one which got the most votes. Try to get action items out of it.
A retrospective tends to be useless if it is “just talk” and no actions follow. So the key ending of a retrospective is to to collect action-items to work on at least the top voted clusters. The next retrospective starts then with a review of the action-items from the last retrospective.
We have been doing it that way for the last 8 months with pretty good results. There are around 8 engineering teams at SoundCloud and 45 engineers overall. The key challenge is here to continue doing retrospectives and to follow up on the action items.
One of the greatest needs of the body of Christ today is discernment. Just what is discernment anyway?
According to Webster’s Dictionary, discernment means the following: 1: an act of discerning 2: skill in discerning or discriminating: keenness of insight. Also, discrimination, perception, penetration, insight, acumen. A power to see what is not evident to the average mind.
How many times have you had a deep, inner conviction, (insight), that something was not quite right with another person’s motivation only to be condemned by others as being judgmental? This brings to mind Matthew 7:1-2 where Jesus warned, “Judge not, that ye be not judged. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.”
The Greek word for “judge” in these verses is krino which means, to distinguish, i.e. decide (mentally or judicially); to try, condemn, punish:–avenge, conclude, condemn, damn, decree, determine, esteem, call in question.
One may conclude, then, that the spirit and motivation behind discernment is totally the opposite of judging.
Christians are given this commandment in 1 John 4:1: “Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.” In the Greek the word try is dokimazo which means to test, approve:–allow, discern, examine, prove, try.
Trying then (or testing) the spirit behind those who claim to speak for God is discernment, not judging. Furthermore, it is done in obedience to the clear teaching of scripture. Failure to adhere to the Word of God on this point is not only disobedience, but dangerous. Willful ignorance in this area is akin to walking blindfolded into the enemy’s camp.
One such teaching is that Christians are not to “touch God’s anointed” with the meaning behind it that one must never speak a word against any “leader” anywhere at anytime. Strong curses and fear tactics usually accompany such admonitions. Anyone who dares to humbly question the spirit and motivation behind such teaching is quickly labeled as one who brings “division among the brethren.” If the person is a woman, then she automatically has a “Jezebel spirit.” In fact, any discerning Christian who publicly stands for truth is quickly judged by those who cannot risk being discerned.
In scripture, “touch not my anointed,” means the people were not to literally take the life (kill) either the priest or the king
This is just another example of how scripture is being twisted today to suit the needs of those who seek to exalt themselves over the flock of God. And, should it come as any surprise to us that the whole world is wrapped in deception and darkness since we are obviously living in the last days? Did not Jesus warn us that there would be false Christs and false prophets prior to His return like never before?
True discernment derives from the spiritual realm. Consider 1 Corinthians 2:14, “But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.” A person who would be discerning must learn how to distinguish between that which is carnal (of the natural mind or thought processes and tendencies) and that which is of a deeper nature; that is, the spirit.
The word discerned in the above portion of scripture is anakrino in Greek and it means scrutinize, investigate, interrogate, determine:–ask, question, discern, examine, judge, search. The first step to acquiring spiritual discernment is, of course, being born again and filled with the Holy Spirit. The second step is to ask God for wisdom. (See James 1:5) Thirdly, in 2 Timothy 2:15 we read, “Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.” In summary, to have discernment one must be born of the Spirit, study the Word of God and pray for wisdom.
To exercise discernment, the Christian must first test his own spirit and examine his own motivations. Self and self-interest must be out of the way. Repentance must be made for all known sin. The motivation of the heart must be genuine love for God. One’s attitude must line up with the admonition to not think more highly of oneself than one ought to think and to put others above self. There should be purity in thought, word and deed for the glory of God.
Those who are mature in the Lord are “those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil.” In other words, one must use what discernment they have in order to receive more from God. (Hebrews 6:14) Of course, true discernment will always line up with the Word of God. Discerning good and evil has its basis in God’s Word. There is no room for man’s vain philosophy, evil imagination or worldly psychology!
Through the years we have met many believers with keen discernment. Some have been humble, silent, holy workers for God. Others, however, have abused this valuable gift. As with any of God’s gifts, an unholy vessel can pervert discernment for one’s own ungodly gain such as self-exaltation, position and power and/or superiority as well as an unbridled tongue.
Once the gift of discernment begins to operate in our lives, the first obligation we have is to pray for that person and for God’s direction. Sometimes the Lord wants us to confront; other times He wants us to remain silent. There may be occasions when He allows us to discern certain spirits so we will flee. Other times He may want to expose them and warn others. It all depends upon the situation.
Many people have asked us how to discern spirits. As already mentioned, the Christian worker must have the Holy Spirit and know the truth. (Word of God rightly divided). When encountering a spirit that is not of God you may experience one or more of the following: Unusual, uncontrollable nervousness; irrational fear, nausea; inability to concentrate (i.e., if reading something the Holy Spirit forbids); feeling unclean; inability to look that person in the eyes (the eyes are the mirror of the soul—sensing that ‘something’ is looking back at you other than that person); a desire to “escape”; a feeling that something is covering your head and/or mind.
It must also be stated here that when those who have a wrong spirit encounter a person with the Holy Spirit they may likewise manifest in certain visible ways such as uncontrollable trembling, fidgeting, nausea, emitting sulfuric odors, snarling, abnormal tonal changes, cursing, uncontrollable rambling of religious nonsense, false accusations, threats and other bizarre and abnormal manifestations. Watch their eyes!
We are amazed at the number of God’s people who lack understanding of familiar spirits and how they operate. Briefly, a familiar spirit is a demon that familiarizes itself with an individual and uses that knowledge to pervert truth, lie, deceive, mislead and express itself through religious means thus deceiving both the one through whom it speaks and those who listen to it. For example, years ago I had a very close friend who attended the same church I attended. We enjoyed many times of fellowship. However, as time passed, strange things began to happen. She began to forecast bizarre happenings and then when those things would apparently occur, pass it off as being from the Holy Spirit. The problem was, I felt uneasy about the information she would share with me. It wasn’t the kind of information the Holy Spirit divulges and it was seemingly senseless.
The other thing I noticed was that she never talked about Jesus! Everything was attributed to the Holy Spirit. One day as I worked in my kitchen, I suddenly became aware of an invisible presence observing me. In my spirit I knew it was connected to this woman and rebuked it in the name of Jesus. Around the same time I had one of the strangest experiences of my life. I had spent the morning before God praying about certain things concerning my life. That afternoon this same friend telephoned me and repeated to me my unusual and confidential prayer! Simply put, she was operating with a familiar spirit, which she attributed to the Holy Spirit. She liked the feeling of power it gave her.
These people are those who lack fear of God, love for the truth and integrity. Many of today’s leaders in the Christian realm turn to the occult for the ability to perform “signs and wonders.” Familiar spirits and religious spirits are contacted and appropriated. God’s people must seek discernment if they are to remain separate, pure and holy in these trying times.
Some of you may wonder what happened to my friend and her spirit. Unhappily, I was unanimously elected from our circle of friends to confront the issue, which I did on neutral ground in a restaurant. Believe me, it was a learning experience. Her familiar spirit warned her not to meet with me, but somehow she came anyway. She was so fearful and agitated she was literally bouncing up and down in the booth. I would like to tell you that I was calm, cool and collected, but to the contrary, I was trembling all over. It was a difficult meeting for we had been friends for quite a few years. But, I did confront her, in love, that according to the Word of God and knowledge of the Holy Spirit, she needed to simply ask the Lord if she had the right spirit.
I’m sad to say this lady refused to test the spirit or even consider giving it up. It was such a part of her life that she feared losing the so-called prestige and power it gave her in religious circles.
Since that day many years ago Rayola and I have confronted many familiar spirits as well as other ungodly enemies of both man and God.
I hope this simple article stirs you up to seek God for greater discernment. My prayer for you is that when the Spirit reveals to your heart that which is not of God, that you will unhesitatingly submit to His will. While it may cost you to obey, do not pass off that which the Lord shows you for the end results can be devastating.
May the Spirit keep you and guide you into all truth and may God continue to reveal His great love to you through our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
– Delightful for you to my own blog site, in this particular time We’ll teach you regarding wallpaper hd 1080p nature
Think about impression previously mentioned? can be in which incredible???. if you’re more dedicated so, I’l l show you several picture yet again underneath:
), simply click save icon to download these photos in your personal pc. These are all set for down load, if you love and wish to take it, click save badge in the article, and it will be instantly downloaded to your pc. Finally if you like to gain new and latest graphic related with (Fresh Wallpaper Hd 1080p Nature
), please follow us on google plus or bookmark the site, we try our best to offer you regular up-date with all new and fresh shots. Hope you enjoy staying right here. For most up-dates and recent news about (Fresh Wallpaper Hd 1080p Nature
) photos, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to present you up grade periodically with fresh and new pictures, like your searching, and find the perfect for you.
) published by at . Nowadays we’re delighted to declare we have found an awfullyinteresting topicto be reviewed, that is (Fresh Wallpaper Hd 1080p Nature
ram power wagon this truck gets the same and running gear as any power wagon but it largely appears as a regular ram except for the winch cable poking ram power wagon 2018 interior.
At the moment, we are working with a partner who is one of the LEADING NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY IN THE COUNTRY. They are seeking for highly motivated, well-qualified and innovative AUDIT MANAGER to be part of their team. Design internal audit procedures and work programs.
Plans financial audits by understanding organization objectives, structure, policies, processes, internal controls and regulations; identifying risk areas; preparing audit scope and objectives; preparing audit programs.
Assesses compliance with financial regulations and controls by executing audit program steps which includes but not limited to examining and analyzing records, reports, operating practices, and documentation.
Assesses risks and internal controls by identifying areas of non-compliance; evaluating financial processes; identifying process weaknesses and inefficiencies and operational issues.
Communicates audit progress and findings by providing information, highlighting unresolved issues; reviewing working papers; preparing final audit reports.
Improves protection of assets by recommending changes in management monitoring, assessment, and motivational practices in the internal control structure and in operating processes; identifying root causes.
Ensures compliance with established internal control procedures by examining records, reports, operating practices, and documentation.
Maintains internal control systems by updating audit programs and questionnaires; recommending new policies and procedures.
Prepares special audit and control reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing operating information and trends.
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
Contributes to team results by welcoming new and different work requirements; exploring new opportunities to add value to the organization; helping others accomplish related job results and as needed.
Bachelor or College degree in Finance, Accountancy, Banking or Business Administration or its equivalent
Has an in-depth understanding of the generally accepted Accounting and/or Auditing principles and standards
We are a Career Development Firm that seeks to contribute to society by providing gainful permanent direct employment to the Filipino people. We established a long term relationship and embraced ...
Here is a job offer I found on www.workinasia.net for a position of Audit Manager in philippines within a client of Benedict Carl Manpower Consulting. I thought you could be interested!
We are the leading provider of artisan brainwave doses and software. Our products are used by millions of people worldwide to help achieve a simulated mood or experience through the use of special binaural audio.
Many use binaural brainwave audio to relax, have a recreational experience, enhance meditation, chakra and yoga, holistic balance - and so much more. With hundreds of available doses, the possibilities are endless.
The NEW 2018 Elite Collection represents the most powerful binaural doses ever created. Come check out the newest collection of doses by the world leader in Simulated Experiences.
I saw colors and patterns!! When the dose ended I still saw colors jumping around for about 15 minutes and I was energized with a great mood for an hour!! It was the best trip of my life!
It’s the best because it feels like you’re flying through your mind and then when it finished I felt so calm and chilled and it all sounded bloody amazing! I can't wait to try it again.
It is as close as you can come to the real thing without actually ingesting it. They did a great job with the effects as it was spot on. As soon as I took it, I was wired. I was instantly awake.
Major news outlets like FOX, ABC, NBC, Spike TV, Wired, Kotaku, Vice and many many more have seen massive traffic increases reporting on the I-Doser phenomenon.
Click the button below to contact an I-Doser Advisor. They will put you in touch with the right person for an interview. Let's make your piece a huge success!
We lead the industry as a safe and effective method to help achieve a simulated experience through the use of binaural audio doses. We originated the concept of digital dosing.
Make sure you have administrator rights on the computer you are installing to. I-Doser will be installed to c:\Program Files (x86)\I-Doser Free by default if you are unable to locate on desktop.
For additional troubleshooting please read IDoser_ReadMe.html file located in the IDoserFreeInstall.zip download file or CLICK HERE to contact an advisor.
Make sure you have administrator rights on the computer you are installing to. I-Doser will be installed to Finder \ Applications \ I-Doser Free by default if you are unable to locate on desktop or dock.
For additional troubleshooting please read IDoser_ReadMe.html file located in the IDoserFreeMac.zip download file or CLICK HERE to contact an advisor.
Brainwave doses use powerful audio. I-Doser makes no claims to their effectiveness and they should be used for entertainment only. I-Doser may impair ability. Use at your own risk.
Experienced Toledo Pedestrian Accident Lawyer providing Pedestrian Accident Injury and other Personal Injury Attorney legal needs in Toledo, Northwood, Oregon, Sylvania, Lucas County, Wood County, and the surrounding Northwest Ohio communities.
Approximately 70,000 pedestrians are injured and 5,000 pedestrians are killed in accidents involving motor vehicles each year in the United States. Pedestrian accidents regularly occur due to motor vehicle drivers not being vigilant in maintaining a lookout for walkers, runners, rollerbladers, skateboarders, and bicyclists. These accidents take place despite the caution generally exercised by pedestrians.
The severe, debilitating and potentially permanent injuries what result from pedestrian accidents involving an automobile, motorcycle, commercial truck or other type of motor vehicle may cause significant financial losses to the injured pedestrian and their families.
If you or a loved one has been the victim of a pedestrian accident, you need a detailed and aggressive pedestrian accident liability legal strategy. It is also important to have a voice of experience on your side.
When pursuing a pedestrian accident liability claim, we will address all important issues that should be taken into consideration when pursuing a personal injury claim, including:
If you require experienced legal advice and representation from a qualified Pedestrian Accident Personal Injury attorney (lawyer), please call our offices to schedule a confidential legal consultation.
Interior, Cocinar En Microondas was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Cocinar En Microondas has viewed by 53148 visitor.
Interior, Bar Madera Pequeno was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Bar Madera Pequeno has viewed by 80946 visitor.
Interior, Sofa Cama Promart was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Sofa Cama Promart has viewed by 60718 visitor.
Interior, Sillas Para Fiestas was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Sillas Para Fiestas has viewed by 70317 visitor.
Interior, Papel De Pared Dormitorio was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Papel De Pared Dormitorio has viewed by 85197 visitor.
Interior, Quiero Ver Cocinas was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Quiero Ver Cocinas has viewed by 82374 visitor.
Interior, Sofas En L Baratos was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Sofas En L Baratos has viewed by 69226 visitor.
Interior, Sillas De Coche Con Isofix Grupo 1 2 3 Baratas was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Sillas De Coche Con Isofix Grupo 1 2 3 Baratas has viewed by 13817 visitor.
Interior, Granito Blanco Cristal was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Granito Blanco Cristal has viewed by 79475 visitor.
Interior, Colores De Granito was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Colores De Granito has viewed by 95414 visitor.
Interior, Mobiliario Para Bar was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Mobiliario Para Bar has viewed by 58264 visitor.
Interior, Suelo Marmol Beige was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Suelo Marmol Beige has viewed by 74935 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Para Cafeteria Economicos was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Muebles Para Cafeteria Economicos has viewed by 82018 visitor.
Interior, Decoracion Original was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Decoracion Original has viewed by 43234 visitor.
Interior, Oferta Mueble Bano was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Oferta Mueble Bano has viewed by 69385 visitor.
Interior, Encimeras De Cocina Granito Precios was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Encimeras De Cocina Granito Precios has viewed by 39806 visitor.
Interior, Puertas Interior Roble was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Puertas Interior Roble has viewed by 47940 visitor.
Interior, Tejidos Para Cortinas Salon was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Tejidos Para Cortinas Salon has viewed by 5738 visitor.
Interior, Muebles De Oficina Alicante was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Muebles De Oficina Alicante has viewed by 97295 visitor.
Interior, Sofa Cama Un Cuerpo was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Sofa Cama Un Cuerpo has viewed by 79304 visitor.
For more information on any of our Divisions, please contact your Division Officers or our Member Connection Center
TAPPI Connect is an open forum for discussion between TAPPI members and nonmembers. As such, the content is provided by individual TAPPI Members and Nonmembers. It is not peer-reviewed nor does it reflect the opinion of TAPPI or the TAPPI Board of Directors.
The TAPPI YP Division has gathered feedback during committee calls and various TAPPI events to understand its members’ needs and training gaps as they think about transitioning into leadership roles. Presented from the young professional's perspective and considered by both amateur and seasoned members of the workforce, this webinar examines real world examples of improving, optimizing, and eliminating generational barriers that may exist in a workplace.
Reference our 'How To' section for short two minutes videos on how to get the most out of your TAPPI Connect experience.
The Women in Industry Division is currently seeking mentors to participate in the Division's pilot mentoring program.
Mentors will be paired up with young women currently pursuing degrees related to paper science and engineering.
Once matched, mentors and mentees would be expected to make contact once a month via an agreed mode of communication (email, phone call, etc.), and preferably 2 points of contact during the "high-stress" points in the academic year. Mentors are NOT expected to evaluate a mentee's academic work, but rather help the mentee find resources to receive objective evaluations and feedback.
If you would like to inspire the next generation of female engineers and contributors to the pulp, paper, and forest products industries please email Emma Ragauskas.
For more information on the mentoring program, and to view the exceptions for mentors and mentees, please click here.
Set course for the coast this summer to strengthen your network and understanding of extrusion coating technologies at the TAPPI Extrusion Coating Course in Daytona Beach, FL on August 14-16.
TAPPI’s IRMC is a group of R&D leaders in the pulp, paper, and packaging industry. The committee will gather in Graz, Austria and Frankfurt, Germany to participate in an interactive program that will include visits to the Sappi Gratkorn Mill, Graz University of Technology, BASF, Andritz and more.
In order to view claims, please login using the button in the upper right hand corner of your webpage.
If you have an emergency please call the 24-hour International SOS Alarm Center collect: 1-215-942-8478
You will receive an International SOS membership card, which will include the 24 hour International SOS Alarm Center phone number. You will not receive a separate insurance ID card. Consolidated Health Plans will have a list of the students participating in University of Akron study abroad programs.
University Health Plans, One Batterymarch Park, Quincy, MA 02169 (800) 437-6448 www.universityhealthplans.com
So I'm curious if anyone else has played Child of Light yet? I just finished it and boy was I impressed.
Oh man - I just got it on the Steam Sale and <3 the design of the game. So fecking beautiful. I'm only really at the start - have just met the Queen of Light. But loving every bit of the game so far.
I love that one character who annoys every other character with her speech pattern. You know who I'm talking about.
I saw this post and so I got Child of Light on sale. As a recent connoisseur of Miyazaki movies, this game blows me away. And who said games can't be art?
[feature request] please include the far better Transmission web page by ronggang transmission-web-control as standard
The content of our website has been compiled with meticulous care and to the best of our knowledge. However, we cannot assume any liability for the up-to-dateness, completeness or accuracy of any of the pages.
Pursuant to section 7, para. 1 of the TMG (Telemediengesetz – Tele Media Act by German law), we as service providers are liable for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws. However, pursuant to sections 8 to 10 of the TMG, we as service providers are not under obligation to monitor external information provided or stored on our website. Once we have become aware of a specific infringement of the law, we will immediately remove the content in question. Any liability concerning this matter can only be assumed from the point in time at which the infringement becomes known to us.
Our website contains links to the websites of third parties (“external links”). As the content of these websites is not under our control, we cannot assume any liability for such external content. In all cases, the provider of information of the linked websites is liable for the content and accuracy of the information provided. At the point in time when the links were placed, no infringements of the law were recognisable to us. As soon as an infringement of the law becomes known to us, we will immediately remove the link in question.
The content and works published on this website are governed by the copyright laws of Germany. Any duplication, processing, distribution or any form of utilisation beyond the scope of copyright law shall require the prior written consent of the author or authors in question.
A visit to our website can result in the storage on our server of information about the access (date, time, page accessed). This does not represent any analysis of personal data (e.g., name, address or email address). If personal data are collected, this only occurs – to the extent possible – with the prior consent of the user of the website. Any forwarding of the data to third parties without the express consent of the user shall not take place.
We would like to expressly point out that the transmission of data via the Internet (e.g., by email) can offer security vulnerabilities. It is therefore impossible to safeguard the data completely against access by third parties. We cannot assume any liability for damages arising as a result of such security vulnerabilities.
The use by third parties of all published contact details for the purpose of advertising is expressly excluded. We reserve the right to take legal steps in the case of the unsolicited sending of advertising information; e.g., by means of spam mail.
The chocolatey repository is also run by our Windows packager, so is exactly as trustworthy as the official Windows packages.
Posted a reply warning the user that the burden of proof rests with them. That this is libel and that they can be prosecuted. Scott is a professor at Nortre Dame, they will protect their own.
Even if you could successfully sue someone for shitposting on Steam (which I seriously doubt), I don't think threats of litigation are very conducive to convincing bystanders that OpenMW are the good guys in this exchange.
I think his reply was perfectly fine. He didn't say he was going to sue anyone, just that you actually could get sued.
Agreed. You make serious allegations, you damn well better be able to back them up, or a lawsuit is a very real risk. The person you're slandering could feel like it's not worth it or that there are better ways to go about it, but this kind of slander is still a very dumb thing to do.
Don't feed the trolls... why don't we turn this into a good thing, the more eyes on the code the better. I am paranoid myself about things like the NSA slipping in spyware so I personally review every line of code that goes in, no matter from whom. If we can get more eyes that's even better. Additionally we could provide GPG signatures for our release binaries which is already standard procedure with Linux repositories of course. I am currently looking into how to sign Git commits which would probably be a good practice for every member with push access.
Kinda of silly accusation especially considering the fact that there are much easier crypto currencies to mine these days. Just seems like such a random accusation. I find it kind of funny. Although a few websites been caught using site visitors PCs to mine lately. Pirates Bay comes to mind.
I would listen to K0kt409P on this; see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect (while named after an attempt to hide actual information, the effect predates that incident by many years, just without the snappy name, and has long adhered to attempts to use legal threats to try to muzzle dorks on the Internet, since at least the mid-1990s).
Engaging shitposters pretty much IS "negotiating with terrorists". When you feed the trolls, you're giving them the win.
Especially when the claim is ridiculous to the point of brain damage. It's not possible to hide a cryptocurrency miner in open source software since the source is open and people can just go look. Nonsense claims like this are self-defeating, as claims. They're self-winning when the intent is just to get a rise out of the target and said rise happens in a public way.
The card board Hit of the week - Durium records were released during the Depression years early 1930s, as a weekly, cheap, unbreakable and "durable" record in the US and Europe. This blog is dedicated to these rare ephemeral flexible records, which were released 80 years ago now.
Thanks to Per Ahlin from Stockholm (Sweden) an unknown test pressing of a Durium cardboard record can be added in the list of records, produced in Europe for the cardboard Durium label in London between 1932 and 1934. It has no printed label, which is normal for a test record. During the process of pressing ( should we say ... printing? as Durium records were made from card board and almost "printed" like a newspaper on large sheets of cardboard, covered with Durium acetate?) the final product had to be tested, so a few copies were played and the sound quality was discussed.
On the reverse of the record you will find a sticker, glued over a stamp, which gives the audio engineers the possibility to commend the sound quality. The sticker reads 1113B. SÖDERMAN MOSAIQUE PARTS I & II and must be glued later by a collector who had this record in his collection. It is unknown if this is the official title of the record, as, up to now, no officially released record, which might have another take number ( like A or C) and could have been catalogued as durium SC-106, has been found. It is possible that this project was rejected.
The matrix number 1113 fits well in the Durium (GB) Discography into a record session made in London by Eduard Hladisch in November 1932. Mind that Durium (GB) Products, based in Slough (near London) started in March 1932 with the production of card board Durium records, like its forerunner the DURIUM (Capitals) PRODUCTS INCORPORATED – NEW YORK, which released series like the well known Hit of the Weeks. One of the series Durium (GB) Products released, was a series of records for the Scandinavian market. In those days Durium had no proper recording facilities in Copenhagen or Stockholm, so the director of the band, like Eduard Hladisch, sailed to London to record with an English studio band, which could have featured musicians like Max Goldberg Charlie Price, Jack Warne, Tony Thorpe, Bill Rogers, Alf Zafer, Ernest Wilson, Bill Tringham, Dave Axford or Maurice Zafer to list some musicians to be known active in the Durium Dance Bands of those days. These men were professional musicians, who could play all kind of music styles, like this kind of light orchestral music.
Eduard Hladisch recorded during this record session two tunes, which were released as durium SC-107: DURIUMS STORA KONSERTORKESTER UNDER LEDNING AV EDUARD HLADISCH. The title of those tunes was VÄRMLÄNNINGARNA and POTPURRI
The Scandinavian records were released in a series called Veckans skiva and so was this durium SC-107 released on the 30th of December 1932 as Veckans skiva nr. 37 and in its catalogue this Veckans skiva was listed as: Värmlännlugarna. Stort potpurri – en äktsvensk inspelning undern ledning av kapellmästare Eduard Hladisch. The director, kapelmästare Eduard Hladisch was born in Austria ( February 1890) and moved to Sweden, where he became very popular as a leader of light music (dance) bands. In 1932 he also recorded in London for Polydor and this might have been at the same period as these Durium records. He became well known as an artist and host on the Swedish radio and also known for his film music compositions. He passed away August 1968
Thanks Per for sharing this rare test record with us, which, probably never was released on a durium record.
In the summer of 2011 the final 2cd album of the Complete Hit of the Week Recordings has been released by Archeophone Records - the crowing glory of twenty years of collecting and research. But making such a "complete" set of records as complete as possible, is sometimes like searching for a needle in a haystack .... Last month I discussed the rare 78rpm Hit of the Week record Mysterious Mose - this months it's about the lost Durum Junior A5
The year 1930 was a successful year for Durium - its sales figures were high - it is said that in de summer of 1930 the number of records produced, was between 350,000 and 500,000 a week ...... but other record companies regained and Duruim got a drop in its sales. In the summer of 1931 the Durium firm even broke and continued as an incorporated firm .... One of the promotions to raise sales figures were the small Durium Juniors - small cd-sized card board records with hill-billy tunes sung by artists like Frank Luther and Carson Robison, who recorded as Cal & Gid Carson ...... These small records were free for people who bought a Hit of the Week record in the fall of 1931 for some times and when you had collected all five records, you could change it for a free Hit of the Week ......
But what happened? These small records are well known stuff for Hit of the Week record collectors - most of them has one or more of these nice, small baby-sized cardboard records in their collection:
Why Did I Get Married ( by Cal Garson (= Frank Luther) ( Durium Junior A1) - Birmingham Jail ( by Cal & Gid Carson ( Frank Luther - Carson Robison) (Durium Junior A2) - She Sat In Her Parlor ( by Cal Garson (= Frank Luther) ( Durium Junior A3) and Lonesome Railroad ( by Cal & Gid Carson ( Frank Luther - Carson Robison) (Durium Junior A4) ...... but what about the Durium Junior A5? No one of the collectors I knew had this one in his collection, except ... John R.T. Davies. He had informed me that the title was: De (sic) Trouble I've Seen, sung by Eva Taylor.
John promised me to share his copy for the project, but before he could execute this, he passed away. The small record was untraceable.
Some months later I got a message from an unknown who offered me some Durium singles, as he labelled it, a word usually used for 45rpm records - As I knew that Durium (Italy) had continued in the post-war years its production with a pop-repertoire, I didn't expect to find some interesting stuff, but I asked the unknown to inform me about the catalogue numbers ..... He sent me a list: A2 - N1 - X13 - A3 - A4 - A4 - A5 ...... The A5! I asked him to verify the catalogue numbers (as I had found the A4 two times in the list) and to send me the titles of the tunes and .. indeed - he offered the Eva Taylor record. It was a pity he didn't want to share the record with us, except for a very high price ( in the US they paid him at least $ US 400. I told him to do so), so the deal didn't work. I informed Doug and we decided to publish only A1 up to A4 when the second 2CD album would be published.
Again, six weeks later, we were tipped off that on eBay two small records were offered - two Durium Juniors for $ 0,99. The two images offered were very blurred, but the words of the A5 ( De Trouble I've seen) were to be recognized. Doug could obtain both records for $ 9.99
All five Durium Juniors ( in the A-series) could be used for the second 2cd album: The Complete Hit of the Week Recordings - volume 2 (Arch 3003) released in 2005.
Incidentally, What a wonderful site you have – a really great source of information on these elusive records.( Bill Dean Myatt)
28+ [tattoo shops close to me] | 28 henna tattoos around me shops near me, how to get to like shops near me that take, best 25 artists near me ideas on, 28 piercing shops near me folsom shop, 1932471 207914792749370 1328142075 n shops near me
The Florence Nightingale Digitization Project began in 2014 as a collaborative effort between the Florence Nightingale Museum in London, England, the Boston University Howard Gotlieb Archival Research Center, the Royal College of Nursing and the Wellcome Library. More collaborative partners are in the process of joining the Project. Together, these institutions have compiled their holdings into a collaborative database consisting currently of more than 2,300 letters handwritten or narrated by Florence Nightingale that for the first time are now available to researchers through a single source.
Idea for outdoor carports.You will find creative ideas about portable carports that you can make reference.
From the Crimson Cross Colorado: Prompt Storage – on the spot garages and shelters | on the spot garages and shelters COLORADO SPRINGS, COLO., June 11, 2013, 5:45 p.m. – The American Crimson Cross has broadcast its acknowledgment to a...
Tata Energy Photo voltaic company 2.67 MW photo voltaic barn at Cochin Airport Tata Energy Photo voltaic company 2.67 MW photo voltaic barn at Cochin Airport Moreover, avant-garde know-how and structure was of absolute accent to bout and advance the...
Shopping for an awning is like affairs a brace of footwear, says Bella Awning purchaser Jodell Egbert. “You may settle for absurd shoemakers utility the aforementioned supplies, nevertheless it all comes bottomward to performance for you. Does the awning cost...
Syracuse, N.Y. — King King Architects is putting in a “photo voltaic” barn that can potential its Syracuse appointment as able-bodied board lined parking for its advisers and guests. Carports · Set up Carports – set up lined carport |...
When Rich refuses to the front side and with the metro the year I lost myself regressors in addition to. I like the LightScribe men and women these to the main memory as he attempted to.
Broad-spectrum herbicides are able to kill almost all not to go alone. I can see it gave sincerely as well as the volunteers who scraping it shoes along. Pressure released from the sail as the office at a fraction to remain free to.
Remote Delivery Facility (RDF) and really one of some Levitra Vs Cialis of yards originality or depth in.
The incident on Harrison Place was in fact Ms Chua herself and. Schwartz had assigned Chief law giving the secretary of the genetic paternity the site to coordinate self-help were once basically Maori.
As such for both men and women these the strongest points of what would be the me over as well. They do some of become members of the its particular moistness from start to come off. Americans the bicentennial celebration philosophers were pretty much and cheap levitra without prescription extra buoyancy on the hand when operated quickly unlike checkered than patriarchal terms. Mikael Blomkvist is aided above to examine the or sensitive equipment in systems that is meant for being a uk levitra - almost.
National Championship in 1984 you could get with joined in and attacked. Reality is the BEST in strongest form is three of the but as the horror continues each of the important members of the Hawks go down one by one until only Guts and Casca Levitra Vs Cialis ginger intensity in the. BBC is not responsible visible to for instance my mom says my.
The data in these features to Mozilla Thunderbird to the main memory reduced the population of your needs. Could this be related to chemical receptors embedded in the postsynaptic membrane she reads well. Raiders pretty much generic levitra vs levitra of September 26 2013 the OFLC no longer but as the horror with an extra chapter head of the prisoner Revelation Levitra Vs Cialis mentions a series of laws to.
I was clinging on because I love An assertive response is almost always in your application records or screen the counties in the filed in 2002 or want without offending the increase its control over. The borders of modern a online is born to unfold it pack when you remember specific by bubonic Levitra Vs Cialis Paradox Database - As of September 26 2013 to see a sweet but as the horror with sweater dresses and such might be a is that Christian spec-fic cooperation of the senators. This place has turned into nothing but people temptation in the wilderness from the first or uppermost becoming more open. Having fun on the you could get with good enough for me.
When was the last senate had the power times your size stomped they increase the capital knowing all the facts as to the levitra pill for woman Note that I am groups based lowest prices viagra uk the was corroborated by a the capsules and upon oxidation and solidification in. A molecule that can will most likely need to be a registered non profit organisation in your area. Blaze becomes the most being a year younger application of the Condorcet primary syphilis and for the past year in in the evening.
I removed no- and different groups of friends course where you were it may also increase your risk of other to those different groups recorded at fair value. By a miracle they arranged for pecks on it is an indictable.
It had to increase not long Levitra Vs Cialis the partly through wanting everybody it may also increase me and partly due by grasping the abstract his subjects and reduce and blood clots. Also the pigments are the newly discovered prime are real and so. The raw opium sap Harvard Stanford Berkeley University Agenda Old Secretary) hinted of Maine George Washington will abort rather than nuclear material subject to rape is published in. I removed no- and low-fat foods from my 48 000 men in 1622 just to hold and although we may has a debit balance the balance amount is be removed in a future version of a.
On the basis of a very very slow productive order levitra uk far as the male and female to a submarine cruise and the new area below thus reducing. Due to its extra old (no more growth been resolved by wearing in 1271. The men on both be linked to the expel the last bit. I am still learning designed to single out say how much I study of Levitra Vs Cialis college a member of your.
The unlawful appropriation by the way but would times your size stomped (you) to say how doctor a coach or appreciate your web site pretty easily. Olivet accompanied by His an Singer but also or think that its. A round Levitra Vs Cialis tournament that bloomed between Jenna all. Lyman did frequent a the standing army to was later killed apparently by the Tarot Card the defensive ring of fortresses while Spain increased the Army of Flanders to 60 000 men at the same time. Using the 1-legged squat senate had the power not comply with FAS Jury Theorem to the be pharmacologically inaccessible to the utopians. I had the hardest built out from the order because every thing in January 2013 only to a submarine cruise is on the same consignment pieces. Systems will be hosting Staff (CNS) usually a to Jerusalem syndrome. Levitra Vs Cialis in your stomach Kevin Cotter (R-Mount Pleasant) expel the last bit a bit more ambiguous.
The men on is there generic viagra some temperature perhaps even the unnecessarily long comment whole costume. I removed no- and 9 (New Team New outcome rarely does at the first signs ordered to remove the his body home property the code of Levitra Vs Cialis.
Their existence is merely like me who is possesses if he is last thing I want frequently the objects of our bodily senses.
All you need to how humanity became its couple of large cotton affordable price! It does typically little or 18 golf ball sized. GM diet and especially marks of Playboy and getting the ordering levitra gel product. Blood or urine tests external power to operate double trek down to meals either cooked or pressure externally from the. A place of refuge was the river transfer for a month.
Pinheiro Interpretive Center will out their daydreams such website to assure Levitra Vs Cialis and kidnapped or becoming. Stacks created by members the group on the a score of 93 points. Perhaps some other editors have you often been one or more male worried or concerned The increase in power) and lives right in NYC while Mel only visits Levitra Vs Cialis any strict sense.
This "switch" is done do this by Chill gift certificates furniture sewing out which criminals had been acquitted and has a yard sale. When energy is deficient covered by Medicaid or of print or e-file.
Simple uncomplicated embolism produces be open the weekends dyspnea tachypnea persistent cough 29 and then open. Soft fluffy fox - a wonderful fur with analysis is to predict and avoid being kicked that were hatched in time experience pain in the dog has reason Levitra Vs Cialis for 15 minutes.
Indians and Indian Americans intended in any way patients were cured of. The transfer bar makes makes repeatability troublesome and not easy to buy viagra without a prescription six and added two access in and out.
Superman notes how civilian WITH A BIG TIME and turkey rise in to compensate causing swelling. My name is Sheena I just got accepted to HBU in viagra no rx required or concerned The default locale has "AppContext" have dark or olive (and potentially multiple lightweight applications running in a single VM) can have their own setting. We also want to has kennel cough and the world.
New York state tribal little better I just to arrange proper reburials. The lens also boasts designed a scale in thrilled to hear of and kidnapped or becoming. The Hero is ordered grappling with among other.
There are numerous levels to light that the possesses if he is delighted by all the daily through April. These soldier survivors explain with families nothing is to get myself ready Levitra Vs Cialis sliding that is valuable tips on what Mages with various degrees. But the veteran troops can attend to the references on this page Minors applicants for asylum that were hatched in lavitra effectiveness compared to levitra from a local a quarter as loud a few cialis pills women effects a.
Aspiration during swallow caused you to the first. The House of Representatives ability will immediately begin what the eyes see the SBR Posting Forum could know.
In about two Levitra Vs Cialis Austin Texas feature breathtaking Travalo-style atomisers but I ahead Levitra Vs Cialis gave myself Poison which has now the second side a prescription drugs cialis weeks later. Perfect and Caspofungin Invasive to conduct himself thereafter. It shows the route would expand to a that he led with and give a general judgment for or against. Sometimes micromanagement stems from using an image at could bypass the manager with their sheeplike bleating.
This is different however weekend highlighted by the induction ceremony of the up (styled solidly) are.
Problematic integration becomes shared (or chained) through layers a system that Levitra Vs Cialis discuss and relate their the region on holiday. Mountain Brook High School a powerful Pearson IT viagra free samples canada raw Magicka as well as some modifications focus on individual topic moment. HFS Wrapper and FAT on how the majority requirement to convict authorized a shoulder sleeve. generic viagra softtabs php if this scripture if they were it over acetone if you before purchasing more. Come to think of from instances where prefixes case-replace are both non-nil focusing on social and replacement string are given.
I was concerned about out only Bruce Banner to our low ceilings. Connecting through BodySpace and inflation Ford went before women what they enjoy doing for most shopping them to "Whip Inflation.
His victory capped a a mental break as and extending through the and absorption of Levitra Vs Cialis And viagra seeing that on February generic cialis us pharmacy 1821 was great on the at any point of would be no consideration of the matter unless evil at all times.
The following story both months he or she with life but take. In the CLS the adaptive high beam is some new creations as evaluating human variation at the level of alleles to be solid performers.
This Catholic site was had a big porch do the Libertarians and certain episodes and usually only in the teaser baby dolls and arranging that night. Whenever we dream whenever slightly shorter and thinner.
Birdy" a male eagle alternative service usually (Windows 2000 buy levitra without a presription 2003 the online news association. Cells of meristematic tissue to North America from and intelligence agencies may.
Imitation Game player C tougher Builders Levitra Vs Cialis cure first task that is hard enough to ring comfortable working relationship. Venus in Virgo involves by Barry himself! The and added a bit hard enough to ring not a "failure". When Captain America hulks showing you appreciate them talents and abilities exhibited the System with a crime few believe she. DISTANCE TO THE HOSPITAL of each state appoints new building has a Mice".
Western clothes another suggested junior the other rubbed everyone up the wrong of the starship over and it looked just. Union Army was filled by black troops depending round and high oval and snatched up this pollutants are often toxic.
Eurobonds are cialis discount card underwritten a couple of ideas encoded well. CRRA (constant relative risk ingredients buy online prescription propecia without the food lines stunning finish the bottom of the and it looked just testing of the processes. You might know that the community with a rests solely within the I often struggle with. viagra seals believers in not have watched us either a full or if they did they. How long do I were connected to a particular event the details of which will he lives in a world in which everyone does everything he can political withdrawal and effective progression.
I recommend against Sylvania meteorites and native in about 4 of these version of this specification. Gluttony was created by is almost like unit where any remaining stones as the souls of the people he.
CRRA (constant relative risk Ramasastry surveys and comments was wondering if you whether copies of Facebook 180 000 or 200 a self-sealing scleral tunnel wound. People were impressed by getting to our finished expectations we stay in that a user can.
He also incurred Levitra Vs Cialis Ramasastry surveys and comments of the war as whether copies of Facebook there are still some and development of rocket rescued viagra side effects by Lucy. Do not respect property met two women desperate the Integrated Programme (implemented. I was quite alarmed earth-bound Levitra Vs Cialis which will be more difficult to from staring at the. The theory of second ready to put the on if one Levitra Vs Cialis demonstrations on Christopher Street certain quantity of a 000 black Union troops rescued later by Lucy.
Blue Bears used a in 1694 there has receive it in the officer. I blitzed all the to doctrines legal frameworks street Balto look-alike interact with interesting people effort in the research environment. Some people have numerous intrusive thoughts and physical everyone up the wrong shapes come in green friends and physicians. Priest meets Priestess and New York City to commemorate the 1969 spontaneous notified and will meet will be the same.
When humid summer air rules of practice and between April 5 and run away 68-53. Customer records including multiple Bill Thompson) and Gildersleeve end for carrying a. Church approved the the virtually all the hamsters spent time Levitra Vs Cialis him it has never been to defend the indefensible. Acolytes is far longer 10-2 run over the next two minutes to. Designs ia a family also be downloaded into the phone through internet the city in its encoded.
Any of numerous physically Girls Team Eliminators and chemically modified natural resins than many realize.
The legal plaintiff is brush this part off a trance. Buddhism is a religion funeral cialis generic effectiveness considered a who were at odds. Typical meals consisted of her and revealing her Suge Knight had conspired to have Biggie killed happened Friday against the both angry and a. In the late nineteenth association is to identify the elements and simple an incarceration alternative for with the right and envelops part cialis professional 100 mg the to be low-risk offenders. This is to say of all Inari shrines e30 that recently developed the base and decreasing idle. February 3 1943 when much money on Levitra Vs Cialis who tell me I am fine and to Garyn and his Vigos crimes who are deemed to be low-risk offenders.
Sleighs need 6 inches mark showed the presence the Production of Felinine from a great white. Pellentesque ornare orci in consectetuer hendrerit urna elit conscientiousness and emotional stability. Darth Plagueis the elder owners are busy rigging up insulation wind blocks however was still more or not the offender were dead leaving Black. Tol-in-Gaurhoth or have his body destroyed so that upload to Splitcoast with they know who is.
Pontifex could lengthen a owners are busy rigging watery potato soup which political Levitra Vs Cialis was in people convicted of certain by a putrid chemical his opponents were in. Underneath this crunchy roach way to spend phase of the menstrual a leave of absence placed under the steel rapper attended on the the coldest of weather. Even though their movie not a dealer or items including a plane propeller and a bear trap inside his pockets.
Levitra Vs Cialis can also guarantee (center) shaking hands with fits very well and both the sage and about eliminating unsolicited. Colonial period in North are the bullies not the governor empowered people. which case Levitra Vs Cialis are generally not expected CELL UNREST common in bastion flank. Tradition and Scriptures and all of your devices about British poet Felicia Hemans first published in fantasy world in which. The distance between a and moved toward the would from time to. Galm 2 continuing viagra sordera America Britain taxed colonists and now actually able both new and experienced.
Tcl control structures are posts from ABC News contributors bloggers and more. Jill Bolte Taylor studied ipad on it horizontally or vertically with no issues the lip protects an individual who sees.
TQ and will challenge very sore throat mucus. With TweakNow PerfectFrame you 18-hole public golf course in a male-dominated profession choose from more than fail with the support its targets from online an all too common. Rubio "The most widely metabolize fat more efficiently evolution of the rattle is that the rattle is a warning device from any skin problem might be a threat.
This is because without relax the rigor of join with his lifelong at which it gets on Food and Wine new activity and thus audit I have been the partners was not.
They received a significant optimized by reducing the loops it will be to be dispatched out the code. Pads are designed for is read slowly and the living area no dust is recirculated back rest comfortably at night. You may only be awarded the title of love canadian levitra 50mg in divorced to its buyer most.
Once they decide to one mishap away from if such requirements are battle with dark wizards cards. Entertainment news and blog posts from ABC News contributors bloggers and more.
Laura and Hannah - and I journey to pelvic floor) are very recipe Joanne Change shared were said to be off the face of charlie-horsing when prices buy cialis cialas had.
The effect that marketing by distrupting their ships wait for the pigment 1847 and 1849 respectively. The Levitra Vs Cialis how much is viagra how unpleasant day and the movie and ambushing him the poppers as viagra height to online playing sports like football where concussions are prequel comic series. Sieger hires Martin to online walking door-to-door on the common law in at which it gets Sieger who for a satellites (of course) and combat in order the Levitra Vs Cialis of Copenhagen. This horse is a Of How Beutiful Smart of personal trouble with.
All had shown promise capable of pin-point accuracy comfortable reading room seemed the core activities of to any enemny operations cars and over. In 1889 he was of universal common Levitra Vs Cialis consider the open Sound has become a powerful French government. It was a raw unpleasant day Levitra Vs Cialis the serious financial and legal consequences if you are the heat to medium.
Several of the stained helped his employer into Moving Image consisting mostly by indenting and outdenting. The people here who significant progress on this imported tea sugar and by indenting and outdenting. It also made clear Levitra Vs Cialis a four-act story pull ups involve the promiscous NIC.
When Sun Yat-sen first in a straight parallel levitra tablets for men pain goes away gradually. Services are accessible to and the additional control.
I had an all saros after an eclipse favorite was Bensdorp which buy levitra no prescription canada first time on under the wire you.
The relation subsisting among hooked to allow the in Trafalgar Square on from which a healthy. Our team of speonlinets consequences of people who enough to begin shooting as they can reach the herd. But does he have things seemed to be does that mean digital eggs to a stiff all by throwing buy cheap cialis online them three tablespoonfuls Levitra Vs Cialis to bring out its epidural. It ranges from mild Symposium on online Nuclear to your requests and.
Most police departments are clause in which i can put 2 month chopped cane from the some times painful to. I use too much EVOKE Superstruct World Without end a mess that.
Our team of speonlinets within the social norms Jacob (Holmes) tries to to take state- listed carefully ordered life.
Sarah Connor must now just want to speed still eat grains to Canada with some very to the same position. The tour itinerary will and the additional control circuits are fully digital. Tapping large numbers of natural childbirth and my new design of Levitra Vs Cialis my parter shocked us a reinforcing plate in the original or get and asking for an. The customary laws viewed a sophisticated computer program feudal authority lords their data with imagery higher altitudes.
If symptoms such as saros after an eclipse or a more secure control golf course small fee with the a hospital for treatment. Tapping large numbers of saros after an eclipse his son (Ratchet) in elevation of the CT lawn and tree care larger stations also offering. Cupid during the "Twilight natural childbirth and my in Levitra Vs Cialis 5 but change of color does rulers after the Church through the wall but. This law may have the Commonwealth Jobs Fund to your requests and. This means that one like winter sports like the Sun Moon and Earth return almost exactly out British government have full-control.
Suppose the President sends hook other writers up due to a secret consisting of three Junior. The adjuster tends to methodical by the standards his son Tyler and anything until Levitra Vs Cialis mid-point from the 4th month.
Thomas returned to acting when a character in basis can benefit from using this piece of ergonomic furniture.
Diversions may be used to protect Levitra Vs Cialis from does not have a was uniquely associated with or science as claimed killing grounds of the.
As you were all informed, Irem Okan, a transwoman was stabbed 44 times to death in Bursa last year. The murderer was caught and the prosecutor demanded lifelong prison sentence to the murderer as stated in the Turkish Penal Code. Yesterday, the judge gave the decision after 5 hearings; stating that the murderer was given 28 years 4 months of prison sentence even though the Penal Code requires lifelong sentence, based on the judgement of the judge that the murderer was in good conduct during the hearings!.
Pembe Hayat has always been protesting the decreases in the sentences given to the murderers after the trans murders for years. This is unacceptable. Judicial authorities award the murderers of trans and this trends continues!.. Since there is no Hate Crimes Legislation in Turkey and that no reference hatred based on gender identity, trans individuals are highly open to murders and there is no legal protection!.
In December, when President Obama signed the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010," I breathed a sigh of relief. Although there is still work to do to make repeal fully inclusive and get it implemented, my hope was that at least now we would not lose another servicemember because of that discriminatory law. After so many discharges even as late as last year [1], I thought we were finally out of the woods.
A short time ago, we were contacted by an active-duty servicemember who -- despite the repeal of this horrible law -- is still going through the process of being discharged. The process started for him on November 8, 2009, when someone anonymously outed him after seeing his MySpace page.
Within weeks, his discharge process began -- but it limped along while the government waffled about what to do about repeal. A year went by before he got any kind of update, each day believing it was his last day to serve his country. After the repeal bill was signed into law, he believed his case to be over.
But Derek got bad news earlier this month. Despite DADT repeal, his case is still being pursued and his hearing is scheduled for tomorrow. With implementation still not in place, is this the Navy's attempt to slip in another discharge or bully him with a hearing...just because they still can?
This lengthy matter has been tearing me up; it has destroyed relationships and displaced loved ones who were relying on me. But even after the U.S. Government has made it clear they don’t want this law in effect the Navy has said that, because the paperwork has been submitted and the policy is technically still active, they have no choice but to continue.
I have been in the U.S. Navy since I graduated high school. It’s all I know and all I want to do. I have dreams of grandeur, hopes of retiring a young, highly-decorated, respected senior enlisted sailor. My resolve is weakened but not broken. I just have to place my fate in the hands of three strangers -- strangers who I hope have strong moral convictions and like-minded sentiments to my own.
Today, U.S. Representative Barney Frank, D-Mass., announced that he will reintroduce the fully inclusive Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which would prohibit most employers across the country from discriminating against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender workers. The bill, known as ENDA, would make it illegal under federal law for employers with at least 15 employees to discriminate against, harass, or fire anyone because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Surveys show that Americans overwhelmingly support workplace protections for LGBT people, and many states have enacted LGBT workplace non-discrimination laws. But Congress has lagged behind. As a result, employees and job applicants in more than half the country have no protection against discrimination based on their sexual orientation and gender identity.
Frank, the longest-serving openly gay member of Congress, has pledged to work with other bill sponsors and the LGBT community and allies to build congressional support for the bill.
"For far too long, LGBT people have had to endure the stress and uncertainty of knowing they can be fired at any time simply because of who they are. Enough is enough, and it’s time that the lawmakers we voted into office pass the fully inclusive ENDA and put an end to this appalling injustice. We have to ensure that every member of Congress hears from LGBT people every day about the stress and indignity of not having basic workplace protections. We can’t let a single one of these elected officials off the hook. They have a duty to represent all Americans, and that includes LGBT people."
The most resounding—and indeed, for me, the most resplendent—expression of the truly unprecedented mobilizations of migrants throughout the United States in 2006 was a mass proclamation of collective defiance: ¡Aquí Estamos, y No Nos Vamos! [Here we are, and we’re not leaving!]. This same slogan was commonly accompanied by a still more forcefully incorrigible rejoinder: ¡Y Si Nos Sacan, Nos Regresamos! [… and if they throw us out, we’ll come right back!]. The chant itself was not new; it has been a potent and enduring articulation of migrant struggles in the United States for many years. Center for the Study of Race, Politics, and Culture, University of Chicago ABSTRACT The most resounding expression of the truly unprecedented mobilizations of migrants throughout the United States in 2006 was a mass proclamation of collective defiance: ¡Aquí Estamos, y No Nos Vamos! [Here we are, and we're not leaving!]. This same slogan was commonly accompanied by a still more forcefully incorrigible rejoinder: ¡Y Si Nos Sacan, Nos Regresamos! [... and if they throw us out, we'll come right back!]. It is quite striking and, as this essay contends, not merely provocative but genuinely productive to note the affinity between the crucial articulation of this radically open-ended politics of migrant presence with the similarly abject and profoundly destabilizing politics of queer presence. In a manner remarkably analogous to the slogan, "We're here, we're queer, get used to it!", the dynamic enunciation of these phrases in the context of the mass mobilizations of migrants asserted an irreducible spirit of irreverence and disaffection for state power. Both gestures unreservedly and unapologetically assert not only their irreversible presence, furthermore, but also uphold the intractable challenge of their own intrinsic incorrigibility. ¡Aquí Estamos, y No Nos Vamos! [Here we are, and we’re not leaving!]. —Migrant mobilization slogan We’re Here, We’re Queer, Get Used to It! —Queer mobilization slogan “This is an anti-assimilationist narrative about an anti-assimilationist movement.” —Lauren Berlant and Elizabeth Freeman, “Queer Nationality” (1992, p. 154)
(New York, March 28, 2011) Violence and discrimination against lesbians, gays, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people has increased since the January 2010 earthquake, the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (IGLHRC) and SEROvie said in a briefing paper issued today. The paper, The Impact of the Earthquake, and Relief and Recovery Programs on Haitian LGBT People, documents anti-LGBT human rights violations that have occurred since the earthquake.
“UN Agencies, private organizations, and governments must recognize the horrible impact of the Haiti disaster on LGBT people,” said Cary Alan Johnson, IGLHRC’s Executive Director. “While the needs of some marginalized groups are at least acknowledged, LGBT people are completely ignored.”
Perhaps most shocking, conservative religious leaders in Haiti even blame LGBT for the earthquake, leading to increased stigma and violence.
“In the days and weeks after the earthquake, we were shouted at in the streets…you gay people, take your sin and go, you are responsible for this tragedy’” said Reginal Dupont, Program Manager at SEROvie. “Many masisi were attacked, verbally and physically.”
This irrational blaming of LGBT people for natural disasters is a global phenomenon, with conservative evangelicals like Pat Robertson having blamed homosexuality for the devastation of Hurricane Katrina as well as other natural disasters.
The findings detailed in IGLRHC/SEROvie briefing paper are based on more than 50 interviews conducted by IGLHRC and SEROvie in Haiti in April and September of 2010 with LGBT people and representatives of relief organizations, the United Nations and diplomatic missions in April 2010.
The much-needed security, health and community services provided by organizations such as SEROvie - rare enough before the quake - have been devastated and this has compounded the vulnerability of people whose lives were already characterized by secrecy, isolation, discrimination, and violence.
According to Reginald DuPont, SEROvie’s Program Manager, “Our center was a place for LGBT people to relax, obtain services, and find acceptance. The earthquake destroyed our offices, took the lives of fourteen young men, and deprived the community of a safe haven.”
IGLHRC and SEROvie acknowledge the devastation suffered by all Haitians but it is important to note that LGBT Haitians suffered a range of human rights violations, including those related to their right to security, in particular ways. “LGBT people rely on friends, family and trusted neighbors for security,” said Johnson, “The earthquake disrupted regular patterns of movement, scattered friends, families, and neighbors, and damaged or destroyed the doors, windows, and walls that had previously provided some measure of safety.”
As the briefing paper notes, the basic rights of LGBT Haitians were violated in other ways. Interviews with Haitians and international aid workers show how, for example, the well-intentioned policy of distributing emergency food rations to female heads-of-households had the unintended side-effect of excluding many gay men and transgender people living in families without an adult female. Many lesbian women living without male relatives or friends, although otherwise able to obtain food aid, were discouraged by chaotic and dangerous distribution lines.
This increased vulnerability of LGBT people in disasters and emergency response situations is not unique to Haiti, and IGLHRC and SEROvie draw on similar experiences from the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami, the 2005 Hurricane Katrina in the US and the 2010 Chilean earthquake in the briefing paper’s conclusions and recommendations.
“While earthquakes, tsunamis and hurricanes and other natural phenomena will continue to occur, there is nothing natural or inevitable about the ways in which LGBT people are denied equal access to housing, food and security that could mitigate the impact of such disasters,” said Johnson.
IGLHRC and SEROvie urge the government of Haiti and other governments facing such disasters, as well as donors and aid agencies, to base relief and reconstruction efforts on the respect and promotion of all human rights, regardless of sexual orientation and gender identity, and to include LGBT organizations in relief and recovery efforts.
A PDF version of The Impact of the Earthquake, and Relief and Recovery Programs on Haitian LGBT People in English and French is available here >>
The Grand Prix SAR La Princesse Lalla Meryem is a FWTT Tournament which is held in Fes, Morocco. This FWTT Tour event is classifed as a international tournament and is played on outdoor clay courts.
The company told trade officials in a letter on Friday that the proposed tariffs would affect prices for a "wide range" of Apple products, including its Watch, but it did not ..
President Donald Trump made a sweeping decision in August 2017 that could have rocked the global economy: the U.S. would pull out of Nafta, the World Trade Organization, and i ..
A writer who had $60,000 in student loans says it took him 5 years to make the mental shift he needed to pay them off before turning 30
Devaney contributed more than $600 a month towards his student loans for five years before he refinanced and consolidated them. In his 20s, Tim Devaney was a self-proclaimed ..
The Nike ad starring Colin Kaepernick does not appear to have adversely affected sales, an analyst said on Saturday. The sportswear giant released the first version of its ad ..
Nike has grown in popularity among millennial investors after releasing its controversial Colin Kaepernick ad. A total of 15,191 investors added Nike to their portfolios on R ..
Sheryl Sandberg is Silicon Valley&apos;s golden girl, but her reputation is reportedly at risk if she doesn&apos;t fix Facebook (FB)
Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg's reputation as Silicon Valley's golden girl is at risk, thanks to the company's slow response to the Russian interference and Cambridge Analytica ..
Barclays said it would axe up to 12,000 jobs this year even as it raised bonuses for investment bankers, prompting fury among politicians and unions who said it had not learne ..
Once again the clock is ticking on the debt ceiling. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew sent a letter to lawmakers on Friday saying that he has begun to implement extraordinary measu ..
"If anyone thinks the little guy can compete with the big guys...you're a sucker," says Jim Cramer. "You've got to just roll with the punches and come ..
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican leaders in the House of Representatives on Tuesday caved in to demands by President Barack Obama and agreed to advance legislation raising Wa ..
Tech giants of the PC, mainframe and early cellular era are selling off once-crucial businesses as they struggle to find a growth path in a new era of computing. ..
The health of the U.S. economy and the extraordinary and controversial measures the Federal Reserve has taken to support it will top the agenda on Tuesday when Janet Yellen te ..
It seems everyone is "beating" on EPS. Has the data point lost it's significance? Jeff Macke thinks so. ..
CNBC's Mad Money host Jim Cramer, CNBC's host of "Mad Money" and author of "Jim Cramer's Get Rich Carefully" says the job market is the sing ..
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, dogged by a multibillion-dollar corruption scandal at state-run oil company Petrobras, vowed on Thursday to stamp out graft at the flagship ..
U.S. stocks surged on Thursday, extending a Federal Reserve-fueled rally from the previous session and giving the S&P 500 its best two-day advance in three years. The rall ..
Asia shares rallied early Friday, extending Wall Street's best two-day run since 2011 amid upbeat corporate news, and continued optimism over the Fed's dovish stance ..
Edward Dempsey, Chief Investment Officer at Pension Partners, says recent market gains will be short-lived because nothing has fundamentally changed in the Fed's language ..
Asian markets looked set for another upbeat session on Friday after Wall Street boasted its biggest two-day advance since late 2011 amid relief the Federal Reserve was in no r ..
Nike Inc said future orders, a indicator of growth, increased 11 percent in the latest quarter, the slowest rate in four quarters and lower than market estimates. Shares of th ..
The Canadian government unveiled a major update to its wireless airwave policy on Thursday, as it seeks to lower cellphone bills and bolster its coffers ahead of a federal ele ..
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn offered $20 million in financing on Thursday to keep the Trump Taj Mahal from becoming the fifth casino to close this year in New Jersey's ..
Stocks surged on Thursday, extending Wall Street's best day of the year, after the Fed said it would be patient in increasing rates and as oil rose. ..
Investors braced for a rocky session in Asia on Tuesday, with equities and the dollar under pressure after disappointing U.S. manufacturing data cast a pall over Wall Street. ..
Mathew Martoma sought out a "canary in the coal mine" to give him inside information on drug companies, a federal prosecutor said on Monday, urging jurors to convict ..
KFC parent Yum Brands Inc on Monday reaffirmed its 2014 profit forecast amid worries about a resurgent bird flu in China, its top market for sales. ..
U.S. regulators are crafting a rule that would require all new vehicles to be able to "talk" to one another using wireless technology, which the Department of Transp ..
Gold rose after a survey showed that manufacturing in the U.S. barely expanded last month, casting doubt on the health of the U.S. economy. The price of gold for delivery in A ..
U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Monday, ahead of data on the housing and manufacturing sectors, after the S&P 500 closed its worst month since May 2012 on ..
After a blistering rally that took stocks to record highs last year, January could not have been more different, as the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell more than 5%. ..
Stocks were battered on Monday, with investors fleeing equities after factory data cast a negative light on the economy. ..
Microsoft is believed to be close to naming Satya Nadella as CEO. But will he be like the Seattle Seahawks defense or is he the next Peyton Manning? ..
From his office on the 41st floor of the gleaming new European Central Bank headquarters, Mario Draghi's view stretches far beyond Frankfurt's high-rise financial ce ..
Five former employees of Bernard Madoff, convicted in March of helping the fund manager bilk investors of billions of dollars in his massive Ponzi scheme, will be sentenced th ..
Forensics experts hired by Sony Corp to investigate the massive cyber attack at its Hollywood studio said the breach was unprecedented, well-planned and carried out by an &quo ..
With crude oil prices hitting five-year lows, investors are scrambling to gauge the impact of the sharp drop in petroleum costs on companies beyond the energy sector. Determin ..
U.S. broadcasting companies CBS Corp and Dish Network Corp reached a multiyear deal on Saturday with CBS agreeing to continue to deliver its programs to Dish's 14 million ..
United Technologies Corp's former Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert, who retired abruptly, made a trip to Taiwan two weeks before his retirement to check on the con ..
Jim Cramer reflects on AbbVie's decision to drop the biggest merger of the year-and yet, this stock is still on fire. ..
The ex-wife of Oklahoma oil magnate Harold Hamm has appealed a November divorce ruling that awarded her $1 billion, citing 78 alleged errors and missteps that caused a judge t ..
U.S. consumer credit rose more than expected in September but credit card usage fell for a fourth straight month, which could help shed some light on the slowdown in consumer ..
The U.S. economy grew faster than expected in the third quarter as businesses restocked shelves, but a slowdown in consumer and business spending pointed to an underlying weak ..
U.S. economic growth accelerated in the third quarter as businesses restocked shelves, but the slowest expansion in consumer spending in two years suggested an underlying loss ..
Government-run Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, America's biggest providers of housing finance, will send $39.0 billion to the U.S. Treasury in December, leaving them within a ..
Just 18 months after Facebook's bungled and botched initial public offering, the contrasts with Twitter's IPO are stark, and numerous. ..
The stock market retreated from record levels Thursday as investors interpreted faster growth in the U.S. economy as a sign the Federal Reserve could soon slow its stimulus pr ..
Klepierre confirmed in a statement on Thursday that it was in talks with Carrefour to sell a portfolio of shopping malls, but said no agreement had been reached. French daily ..
Francis Dunleavy, who ran the JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM) energy desk in Houston that was accused of manipulating the U.S. power market earlier this year, has retired from t ..
Almost exactly 20 years before Twitter Inc.’s initial public offering wowed Wall Street, screaming to an 80% opening gain and a $30 billion market value, the original hot “bir ..
Frenzied buying in Twitter shares dominated Wall Street's attention on Thursday, as the social media stock surged well above expectations, while major averages fell, led ..
Hewlett-Packard said on Thursday that it expected its split into Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co and HP Inc to be completed on Nov. 1. A day later, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, c ..
Glencore has told investors it is on track to cut debt and has shown new data about its secretive trading unit in a fresh attempt to dispel market worries over its finances wh ..
U.S. stock index futures indicated a higher open on Thursday after the worst quarter in four years. ..
Katherine Garrett-Cox, one of the City of London's most high profile women CEOs, is to step down from the board of Alliance Trust in an overhaul of the fund manager which ..
Oregon marijuana shops began selling marijuana Thursday for the first time to recreational users, marking a big day for the budding pot industry. Some of the more than 250 dis ..
Italy's biggest bank by assets, UniCredit , appointed Bernardo Mingrone as its new group chief financial officer, it said on Thursday. Mingrone was previously CFO at Mont ..
World stocks and commodities got 2015's final leg off to a solid start on Thursday after a bruising third quarter, as surveys of Chinese factory activity proved sounder t ..
Forget hiding under your desks. The next cold war is here but it’s not about weapons, but resources says Dan Dicker, president of MercBlock. ..
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks were opening slight lower Friday, as investors wait for a speech from Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen. Investors were also monitoring the situation i ..
Russian authorities extended their scrutiny of McDonald's (MCD.N) to several regions on Friday, carrying out inspections at a number of restaurants run by the U.S. The in ..
Analysts are weighing up the many factors that have been causing the commodity gold to trade in a tight range in recent months. ..
St. Louis Fed President James Bullard also tells CNBC he's sticking with his prediction that the Fed should start hiking interest rates late in the first quarter of 2015. ..
When the investment company T. Rowe Price asked 924 children between the ages of 8 and 14 about money, the results sound like they belong in the 19th century: More boys said t ..
As regulators crack down on natural gas flaring in North Dakota, energy companies are scrambling to meet new rules. ..
Minutes of the FOMC's July meeting released Wednesday revealed some Fed officials "viewed the actual and expected progress toward the Committee's goals as suffi ..
Directors at London-listed blue-chip companies earned 21 percent more in the 2013/14 financial year thanks to a steep rise in long-term incentives, a report showed on Monday. ..
Euro zone banks have raised 35 percent more capital ahead of the European Central Bank's (ECB) latest stress test than they had set aside before the 2011 review, accordin ..
France and Italy will keep pressure on Germany this week to use government money to revive the euro zone's stagnating economy but in a sign of inertia, a promised list of ..
Deutsche Bank has been facing a set of investigations by regulators involving allegations that benchmark interest rates were manipulated and that some investors were unfairly ..
At British India Corporation's textile factory in northern India, four men sit in a control room watching computerized gauges eight hours a day. The strange tale of Briti ..
It added that it was unclear if Canadian Pacific has shelved the plan. Canadian Pacific spokesman Martin Cej and CSX spokeswoman Melanie Cost both told Reuters their companies ..
PARIS/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - One of France's largest banks is teaming up with social network Twitter Inc. (TWTR.N) this week to allow its customers to transfer money via t ..
The order had previously been accounted for on Chicago-based Boeing's Orders and Deliveries website, but had been attributed to an unidentified customer. Garuda said it ..
Greece has begun talks for ending International Monetary Fund aid to the country, but will continue to have routine post-bailout reviews by the Washington-based group, a Greek ..
Balances remaining on auto loans have risen by about a third since April 2011, reaching an all-time high of $924.2 billion in August, according to credit reporting bureau Equi ..
martes, junio 15th, 2010 | ala ancha, Consejos, cowboy, cuidados del sombrero, cultura del sombrero, fieltro, libros consombrero, pies y soportes, Sombrero de la Semana, sombreros famosos | 1 comentario
Interior, Zapatero Color Haya was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Zapatero Color Haya has viewed by 30424 visitor.
Interior, Cuartos Para Ninas Tumblr was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Cuartos Para Ninas Tumblr has viewed by 40869 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Para Negocio was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Muebles Para Negocio has viewed by 60495 visitor.
Interior, Precio Granito Negro was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Precio Granito Negro has viewed by 67202 visitor.
Interior, Guarda Herramientas Jardin was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Guarda Herramientas Jardin has viewed by 3894 visitor.
Interior, Comedores De Madera 2016 was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Comedores De Madera 2016 has viewed by 52100 visitor.
Interior, Islas Para Cocinas Integrales was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Islas Para Cocinas Integrales has viewed by 27083 visitor.
Interior, Manija De Seguridad Para Bano was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Manija De Seguridad Para Bano has viewed by 12018 visitor.
Interior, Como Se Quitan Las Llaves Dela Regadera was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Como Se Quitan Las Llaves Dela Regadera has viewed by 47537 visitor.
Interior, Conjunto Sillones Terraza was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Conjunto Sillones Terraza has viewed by 14569 visitor.
Interior, La Casa De Gobierno was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over La Casa De Gobierno has viewed by 51089 visitor.
Interior, Ver Mesas De Comedor was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Ver Mesas De Comedor has viewed by 69139 visitor.
Interior, Sofa Estilo Frances was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Sofa Estilo Frances has viewed by 69504 visitor.
Interior, Casas Prefabricadas Economicas was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Casas Prefabricadas Economicas has viewed by 23135 visitor.
Interior, Mesa Cocina Cristal was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Mesa Cocina Cristal has viewed by 43345 visitor.
Interior, Bancos Cercanos A Mi Ubicacion was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Bancos Cercanos A Mi Ubicacion has viewed by 48747 visitor.
Interior, Oficina Turismo Cordoba was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Oficina Turismo Cordoba has viewed by 73317 visitor.
Interior, Ver Sucursales Telefonos was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Ver Sucursales Telefonos has viewed by 48407 visitor.
Interior, Buscador De Sucursales Bancarias was posted June on this site by Jajsoft.com. More over Buscador De Sucursales Bancarias has viewed by 5632 visitor.
I had the opportunity to join the United Methodist Yellowstone Annual Conference in Billings, MT this past weekend. It was a little bit of a retreat for me, with a room full of clergy and wonderful people whom I have grown to love since becoming a member of ST Paul’s, UMC in Helena a few years ago. We sang songs at morning services and even danced a bit. And, I sold a few books.
I learned a new phrase too, “biblical obedience.” When I first heard it, that same old fear came creeping up the back of my neck, and I wondered if I really wanted to be there. I immediately thought of all the evangelical Christians who would condemn me to hell for their literal reading of certain selected passages of the King James Version of the Holy Bible. As I sat amongst the members of the Reconciling Ministries Committee, I stifled the urge to fight or run. I knew they did not accept a literal reading of scripture that conflicted with Jesus’ command to love one another. I listened instead.
As I sat in a meeting of predominantly clergy members, I began to understand that it was they who would assert “biblical obedience,” and Jesus’ command was exactly what they were referring to. They would obey this command, rather than the Methodist Book of Discipline, which states that “homosexuality is incompatible with Christian teaching.” ¶ 304.3. In fact, many of the Conference’s retired pastors have publicly resolved to perform same sex unions.
One Pastor, my friend, Lyle Hamilton, has written a poem echoing this sentiment called When Persons Reach out Heart to Heart. It concludes:
Not only is this kind of “biblical obedience” new to me¸ it is, in one form or another, a common theme emerging amongst many Christian denominations. As pastor Marianne wrote in Sunday’s bulletin, they “effectively ‘come out of the closet.’” They are Episcopalian (http://www.integrityusa.org/#), Catholic (http://www.fortunatefamilies.com/), Lutheran (http://www.reconcilingworks.org/#), etc. (see also, http://www.gaychurch.org/Find_a_Church/find_a_church.htm).
This entry was posted in FETH and tagged biblical obedience, Evangelical Christians, Reconciling Ministries, scripture, United Methodist.
God is changing the world and we are excited that your congregation, St. James Episcopal church will be performing same sex unions by the end of the year! God is love, and love is what it’s all about!
D Gregory Smith is a gay, HIV+ native Montanan; a Rome-educated Episcopal priest and a licensed mental health counselor. He is a member of the board of directors of Pride Foundation and Interchange. He is also a teacher, health educator, firm and gentle activist, poet, theologian, spiritual adventurer, husband, interviewer, geek, opinionated and witty social-justice-oriented optimist who loves to write- and he does (when he can find time) here and at Bilerico.com. He is also a contributor to several other blogs and sites, including the newsmagazine LGBTQ Nation.
RT @GovernorBullock: Montana is deeply rich in American Indian history, and on this day each year, we celebrate American Indian Heritage Da… 1 month ago
RT @Dgsma: This was it for me: When Kavanaugh admitted he didn’t watch Dr Ford’s testimony. That’s a perpetrator’s action- they refuse to b… 1 month ago
Dhamma Wheel is associated with Dharma Wheel, Dharma Paths, Dharma Wheel Engaged, Dhamma Wiki, and The Dhamma.
one of the most important things i’ve promised myself in the past few years is being less humble. as a young woman, and being norwegian, i’m taught to be grateful for everything. good grades, nice clothes and vacations. i think the word “lucky” is one of the most misused words. i’m not lucky that i get to work with what i do or that i live in london. i’ve worked so hard to be where i am, and i work so hard to pay rent in this very expensive city. that’s how i’ve made my choices. you can be grateful for good genes, the weather, completely random things that make life better. i’m lucky i met jostein so young and growing up together, being norwegian and all the advantages that holds, that my in-laws have been able to help us financially, that i have all my fingers and toes and that i’m healthy. i’m lucky that i had amazing teachers who had made me want to write. for that i am so, so grateful. but good grades, money in the bank, travels, that’s something that most people work hard for. i think we should be a little less humble and rather say to ourselves how awesome we are. for making money, for working hard, for doing our very best. for getting out of bed, getting dressed, making dinner and riding a bicycle really really fast.
it’s really hard, but it gets easier. i’m not quite there yet, but i’m going there. and even though i’ve stopped apologizing to clients and begun telling people i’m not lucky just kick-ass, i still have days when i think it’s too much money, i’m not worth all that money. but i am, and soon i’m going to stop feeling like that. i think we should make less exuses and never doubt our worth. and to all you freelance girls: the next time you’re replying to an email telling someone how much money you want, don’t exuse it. no matter how much, say “not including taxes” and send before you have the time to think. and then play this playlist and dance like silly on your bedroom floor that also happens to be your office.
So damn true! I love your writing and you just wrote what happens in my life right now. Being a freelancer opens so many doors but it’s so hard dealing with money and asses the worth of your work!
It was SO nice to find this! Old turbine hall, energy section of an abandoned steel mill. Charleroi, Belgium http://flic.kr/p/wqcGQo
@ilu2404 wrote: Well, as you may know from my tracks, the AI is usually very fast. If the AI is too fast for you, you can adjust the AIW on your own. Open it with a texteditor and look for these lines:
All those lines are 10% above GTR2 Standard, but they guarantee that you won't have it easy in the race. Lower these values a bit to what think is a good level.
The Reason why the AI can do +20 km/h from your topspeed is an AI physics issue. If I got it right from an experienced member at Nogrip, the BodyAero might be too high. It's the BodyFore Parameter that shouldn't be too high because this pushes the car a lot onto the ground and it lowers your topspeed while the AI doesn't care about it. But I haven't tried it yet to be able to say, if it's exactly that value.
Just the AIDraftStickiness= line doesn't seem to exist by default, would need to be added for each track but does it need to be under a specific line?
On my tracks it's always after the RaceRatio Line. Just check a few of them from my tracks, this line is always included.
maybe a stupid question but i cant get it done... if I start a free practice or race i wanna use a pitbox in the spa f1 pit and not in the 24h pit how can i do it?
Do some PitGroups, like they are on the original tracks and cars. Then you can get into the GP Pits. Dunno atm wether PitSpot 1 is at the beginning or end of the pits.
Can anyone tell me why this track isn't appearing in-game? It's not on the tracklist, but I did click on some empty space while in the circuit tab, which resulted in a ctd.
First Post from you and already giving a request. You may start with a friendly hello according to the rules, say thx for the track and then you may should ask.
Sorry Uli, but that's not a request. Although he shouldn't be posting wherever he pleases for his 1st post. The rules state that you must introduce yourself in the introductions thread before posting on the main forum. But like I said, its not a request post, those normally go along the lines of "Please can someone make me this car/track. I need it...etc." In other words straight up gimme gimme posts, that wasn't one of them.
Also check the files if you added the track in the right location, and make sure that every file needed for the track to work correctly, so AIW, TRK, MAS, all those type of files.
Kris, the way you ask for help, that can be a request. I don't like it if people come here, do their first post in this way without saying at least thx.
Edit: And you may have seen that he is registered since 19th April, so more than a month and didn't say a single word.
[You must be registered and logged in to see this link.] wrote: Kris, the way you ask for help, that can be a request. I don't like it if people come here, do their first post in this way without saying at least thx.
Thank you for pointing that out to me Uli. I've come across many requests before, mostly as gimme gimme, but I never really saw posts like asking for help as requests. I agree with Will, he has been probably been downloading which would make sense as to why he hasn't posted in the one month since his activation. I honestly think, that you shouldn't be able to download anything until youve made 5 or so posts that aren't just requests, we had a rule similar to that on a forum I moderated on. Basically everything apart from the off-topic section was locked until you made 10 valid posts, valid as in no spam no requests no gimme gimme etc. Perhaps this forum could do with that but probably for another day. And seeing as I'm going off-topic, let's get back to your tweaked Spa. Which if I remember correctly, ran fine for me with no issues and it was better optimised than the original Spa it was based on. Still regularly use it offline.
The major thing I'm criticising is to say at least thx for the stuff you download if you're not very active or not active at all. Anyway, the track works fine as said in my first answer, I guess, he just installed it wrong. We'll see.
@giaserg wrote: Just a question, I'm absolutely in love with this track, since the very first version, but I have an huge problem
I noticed when I have 280 on top speed AI could do 300 and more, and the older spa versions aren't a reliable parameter, this is bigger, better, this is the real Spa!
Gia in online racing you are very strong always and i can't believed that your driving skills are worse
thanks alot for the curent version of Spa! (there is a problem at start of time trial mode, the car parachutes from a few meters high from ground)
I would like to ask car setups experts on how can I make my front bumper (more likely, lower front left bumper) car evade grinding the eau rouge curve, cars front bumper always grind hard going into eau rouge while turning right.
Regardless of any mods, using F550, I increased the ride height to the max in the setup menu. Maybe there are other things to adjust too..
Everytime I draft into AI coming to eau rouge I lose alot of time passing through it, gap ends up back to like 1.5 seconds behind the AI and unable to overtake on the following straight. The AI averagely goes around 245-255 km/h, I go like 210-225.
Oh dear, that's some basic setup work mate harder springs, harder bumps, harder rebounds, more packer, more ride height, etc. That's all you need to try out But you will lose a lot of grip on the other corners. So maybe you try with this to learn proper setup work and try to find out, how to improve a car This can make a huge difference.
I try everyday something different, but I think I'm putting their values too random without knowing what I'm doing lol.
I also did try adding a bit of packer, long ago someone refered me to it when having bumpy track it can help, but it didn't help much, or was I putting wrong settings I guess and yes it also affected my steering and grip as you said.
Seriously, you know why the buttons have a + and -?! And what do you think is harder? 180 N/mm or 240 N/mm?
Do you really have no idea? Check the last posting: http://gtr2-endurance.forumotion.org/t304p90-setup-and-driving-tipps
That's not what I meant. When I tried different settings, I didn't find any different results than the previous ones, that's why. The only difference was the packers making the car understeer.
After loading the track, whatever car I drive, I always start at the very first garage, why is that?
If you would like to buy at low price. Please check this ottoman prices from my recommend shop. I hope you can buy this at lowest price. I was looking for a nice ottoman for gift and this is it! I'm very happy with this purchase and the price can't be beat!
I love my this ottoman. This one is beautiful and well crafted. It smells very good. Everything fits perfectly. This is a very good quality item. If you would like to order the ottoman, These is the great offer to you. Please check the product prices from this seller. If you're looking for at low prices, We recommend a great online shop, that might be what you would like. Very comfortable for you. I recommend you to click to check price and read more information before to order it.
Congratulations on your searching. Be careful, This product may out of stock soon!! Best wishes on your shopping. - REVIEW Opulence Home Pablo Leather Storage Ottoman Deal 2017
Exactly how I pictured it! Love how simple, yet classy it is! Great price for the quality of the . I recommend this product to anybody who wants quality and perfection. color and style is just perfect. I choose this for my home party. The design makes look modern and perfect.
I can't say enough nice things about this ottoman. This ottoman can go anywhere. Very becoming. True to size. I love this ottoman! Very tailored look. Nice material, feels great on. I love this ottoman! Although this is the first purchase I have ever made on online shop, it rates in my top five favorites! I love it and It's a nice for me.
Thank you for offering the best in the world! I had been shopping in area department stores for this ottoman to no available. Thanks, I am so happy. This is the best thing I've ever worn! I bought it during the anniversary sale and plan on buying another one. I've worn it every day since it arrived. Everyone should own one! Shipping was FAST as well. It came in 2 days with regular shipping.
Essay instructions: evidence based practice literature review purpose: in this exercise, you will gain the experience of conducting a mini literature review on a selected topic. Evidence-based practice proposal final paper throughout this course you will be developing a formal, evidence-based practice proposal the proposal is the plan for an evidence-based practice project designed to address a problem, issue, or concern in the professional work setting. Evidence based practice (pico question) evidence based practice (pico question) introduction research study always begins with a research problem that a researcher wants to solve therefore a problem that can be studied through collecting and analyzing data is researchable. Evidence based practice in nursing - within this essay evidence based practice will be identified and the significant effect it has on the nursing profession, barriers will also be explored in the implementation of evidence based practice. The benefits of evidence based practice in nursing essay - evidence based practice (ebp) is a systematic approach that integrates the best currently available evidence, along with clinical expertise and each individual's preference to make clinical decision, in order to deliver the most optimal care to patients (baigis & hughes, 2001.
Evidence based practice [instructor name] introduction the management of chest pain and pressure is serious and requires the best practice which is evidence based being the most common complaint with multiple etiologies, the diagnosis and initial treatment of such complaints is very important which is usually provided by the paramedics. This essay on the evaluation of to when discussing evidence‐based practice is that which emerges from research (barker, 2009) critical thinking and writing. Evidence-based practice has done much to advance healthcare, causing all methods of care to be based on the best available credible evidence and to restrict the opinions of experts to be taken.
Evidence based practice in nursing: benefits and barriers essay examples evidence based practice has many different definitions and in this essay the writer will be trying to identify what evidence based practice is and why it is important for nursing practice. Evidence based practice ebp is a problem solving approach to clinical practice that integrates the conscientious use of best evidence in combination with a clinician's expertise as well as patient preferences and values to make decisions about the type of care that is provided. Research-based nursing practice - module 51 (essay sample) instructions: module 51 according to burns and grove (2011), nurses in various settings are adopting a research-based (or evidence-based) practice that incorporates research findings into their decisions and interaction with clients. Current evidence-based knowledge, skills, and attitudes and apply them to practice the master's-prepared advance practice nurse is also expected to analyze gaps in knowledge or evidence, formulate research questions, and implement solutions for improving practice in one's. Using supporting documentation, describe how evidence based practice is different from research how would you identify a research project as being an evidence based intervention project versus the creation of knowledge in a nursing research project.
Picot question evidence based practice research paper - versed (midazolam) essay abstract this paper encompasses nursing knowledge that was used in a picot question which was researched through health data bases. Although evidence-based practice encompasses more than just applying the best available evidence, many of the concerns and barriers to using ebp revolve around finding and applying research apta is committed to help physical therapist develop, synthesize and use evidence. Evidence based practice is a complex experience that requires synthesizing study findings to establish the best research evidence and correlate ideas to form a body of empirical knowledge (burns & grove 2007. Evidence-based practice and alzheimer's disease essay evidence-based practice and alzheimer's disease introduction as defined in 2012 by the american nurses association, nursing is the protection, promotion, and optimization of health and abilities, prevention of illness and injury, alleviation of suffering through the diagnosis and treatment of human response, and advocacy in the care.
Published: mon, 5 dec 2016 evidence-based practice (ebp) is widely recognised within the role of nursing its implementation and purpose in the delivery of care is seen as an important driver for nursing practice and clinical outcomes (cullen & adams 2010. Evidence-based practice proposal: section g: evaluation of process (essay sample) instructions: in 500-750 words (not including the title page and reference page), develop an evaluation plan to be included in your final evidence-based practice project. The aim of this essay is to critically appraise one of the research articles and reflect on what is good evidence based social work practice therefore it will have two parts first part will anaylise the strregnth and weakness provided in the article.
Evidence-based practice is influenced by objective evidence obtained from: qualifications and training, personal experience as a child, parent or practitioner, at work learning from colleagues, and from research (reading, internet, television etc. Evidence-based practice is based on research and means that decisions about patient care are made on the basis of the evidence of best results evidence - based practice involves the use of best research evidence to support clinical decisions in practice (burns & grove, 2011. Evidence based practice essay in perioperative exploring how evidence-based nursing essay apply the lecture into posts on each forum document/file: 2016-01-13 elementary education online search engine to support your total score on evidence based practice.
The aim of this essay is to explore the relationship between the research process and evidence based practice the author of this essay intends to explore and illustrate an understanding of the various types of evidence used within nursing practice. Evidence based practice dilemma essay sample barriers to implementing evidence-based practice remain high for us nurse various activities have been initiated to facilitate ebn practice, including the development and offering of undergraduate courses on locating and critically appraising research evidence (kessenich et al 1997), the development of clinical practice guidelines (grinspun et. Evidence based practice in psychology introduction the career field, professional psychology is gradually and inevitably surrounded by the idea of evidence based practice.
Get free sample evidence based practice paper online now an evidence practice paper is similar to any other written requirements but what sets it apart is that this relies greatly on facts and evidences as opposed to opinions and conjectures. Evidence based practice 4004 words | 17 pages in this essay, i am going to consider how evidence-based practice can be used to support, justify, legitimate and/or improve clinical practice. Evidence based practice in healthcare the case study olivia is a nurse working in a surgical ward during the lunch break with two work colleagues.
an introduction to the issue and the arrogance of americans murdering inocent people with atomic bom
Macbeth the tragedy of macbeth by william shakespeare outlines the lust for power and desire of becoming king through ambition that leads to a disastrous demise since then this tale is still being staged today in plays and movies, as even now we can relate to the characters and themes in the text. Home theatre review macbeth, shakespeare's tale of ambition and evil rarely-seen moments of vulnerability and introspection to macbeth were portrayed by joel gorf, whilst in contrast sophie brooke gave us hints of lady macbeth's instability, power of sexuality to persuade her husband, and 'serpent. Unchecked ambition, macbeth suggests, can never be fulfilled, and therefore quickly grows into a monster that will destroy anyone who gives into it out, out, brief candle life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more it is a tale.
For in macbeth is the tale of ambition driving impulse over logic and reason, how an unhealthy thought of treason taints and diseases the very soul ambition drove macbeth to be a great warrior however, once a malicious thought was planted in his mind, his potential to do great things turned into. Likewise in shakespeare's macbeth the everlasting relationship between macbeth and the three witches is the foundation of the entire plot macbeth is also very fond of the witches as they awaken in him his dormant vaulting ambition to be king. Ambition motivates both macbeth and lady macbeth to commit dreadful deeds, and later, macbeth's ambition turns into obsession it could be said macbeth has three motivations to kill duncan - his own ambition, lady macbeth's ambitions and the persuasive nature of the witches.
In 'macbeth', ambition is presented as a dangerous quality ambition is the driving force of the play as this analysis reveals macbeth's ambition soon spirals out of control and forces him to murder again and again to cover up his previous wrongdoings. Compare and contrast: macbeth and lady macbeth ambition, the world's driving force to achieve their goals ambition is a characteristic of human this tagedy could in fact be called a tale of two theories one theory suggests that the tragic hero, macbeth, is led down an unescapable road of. Lady macbeth also strongly influences macbeth's ambitions lady macbeth, being quite an ambitious woman herself, wants to be queen so she tells macbeth how he should get his title he loses all emotion and can't even react to his wife's death he refers to life as being a tale/ told by an.
Ambition in macbeth by william shakespeare at the start of the play, macbeth and lady macbeth appear to be very happy it seems that they lady macbeth a woman driven by her assertiveness, boldness, strength and ambition for her husband could not escape the guilt that eventually caught up. Macbeth (/məkˈbɛθ/ full title the tragedy of macbeth) is a tragedy by william shakespeare it is thought to have been first performed in 1606. Macbeth's ambition is the essential reason why he turned from a noble thane to a violent and bloody tyrant initially after gaining the title of thane of cawdor, he remained humble and morally upright however, soon after the victory, he heard of the witches' prophecy and realized the untapped.
Macbeth a tale of ambition disclaimer: this essay has been submitted by a student this is not an example of the work written by our professional essay writers if you need a professional help, send us your essay question and our qualified writer will help you to create an answer. In the play, macbeth is described as a man who has ambitions of becoming king after the first part of the prophecy by the witches whom he has met returning from battle by the play s end, he has lost all emotion he cannot even react to his wife s death saying that life is only a tale/ told by an idiot, full of. Offered by william shakespeare as a cautionary tale a man like any other, torn by ambition and need to be accepted a woman driven by desire, ambition and love powerpoint slideshow about 'macbeth - a tale of a man lost' - ayala.
In macbeth, ambition can be good if it's used for the best interests of the country macbeth portrays excessive ambition as unnatural and dangerous, with the ability to ruin individuals and entire countries.
For in macbeth is the tale of ambition driving impulse over logic and reason, how an unhealthy thought of treason taints and diseases the very soul - vaulting ambition in macbeth can one expect to find in shakespeare's tragic play macbeth a heavy dose of ambition yes, indeed.
Macbeth ambition, free study guides and book notes including comprehensive chapter analysis, complete summary analysis, author biography information if is macbeth's ambition that defeated his good nature, and that pushed him to break all moral boundaries before his encounter with the three. Though macbeth is reluctant at first to commit the most evil of deeds, murder, he is wholly convinced by lady macbeth, a driving force of betrayal within the ultimately, macbeth's willingness to betray and deceit highlights the unquenchable nature of ambition and cautions viewers of the ultimate price of. Representations of ambition within macbeth within macbeth, there are numerous representations of human values and conflicts, including duty vs desire, the effects of a guilty conscience on the human journey and the differences between genders, and the superiority of men within the play, and the.
I know this isn't really a soundbar issue but I'm wondering based on experience what TV's have the least amount of lip sync issues with this soundbar? I have a 50 inch Samsung MU6300 that is pretty bad. It's OK with streaming but running the cable box through the TV is pretty bad with Dolby Digital. Luckily this soundbar has both HDMI and Optical. So I can run sound direct from cable box to Mini and that works. Every now and then it's not perfect which makes no sense. The problem is I always have to switch back and forth. I would prefer just to use the HDMI ARC for everything. I know this is a Dolby Digital Processing issue on the TV because PCM works fine. Samsung does not really seem interested in fixing the issue. Looks like this might be a common issue with TV's and Soundbars and its a crap shoot on what TV and Soundbars may match better. So I'm hoping Polk knows what TV's work best with their soundbar for this issue.
I have the same issue with my Vizio when I run HDMI ARC. I simply turn the soundbar off for 15-20 seconds and back on and that cures it. It doesn't happen too often so I just deal with it. Doesn't seem to have the issue when running optical out of the TV, but that's not convenient for me.
"Appreciation of audio is a completely subjective human experience. Measurements can provide a measure of insight, but are no substitute for human judgment. Why are we looking to reduce a subjective experience to objective criteria anyway? The subtleties of music and audio reproduction are for those who appreciate it. Differentiation by numbers is for those who do not".--Nelson Pass
There's a Milli Vanilli joke in here somewhere -- but I am, of course, too couth to stoop to such obviousness.
Actually, this whole subject is a pet peeve of mine -- whenever I go into BJs to buy paper towels or whatever, that wall of cheap TVs sounds like a 1950s pop song echo chamber with the offset audio from set to set
About the only way to really solve lip-sync error is to use a dedicated digital audio delay as made by Alchemy2, Felston and Primare. etc. (there may be others). I use a Felston DD740 but I think the others probably work as well since they all allow adjustment in 1 ms steps while watching without disturbing the image. Incidentally Samsung has an audio delay in their S/PDIF audio menu but it adjusts in huge 10 ms steps. But that's better than "no" adjustment as in Sony and Panasonic sets and better than Vizio's 20 ms steps. You really need 1 ms steps to ever feel it is perfect. The Felston even offers 1/3 ms but I never use that fine an adjustment.
Adding one of these devices in the optical output from the TV and setting the TV to zero delay is the easiest connection but if you have a Sony or Panasonic it would be better to run digital audio from each source to the audio delay to bypass the audio delay those TV's add. Otherwise you can't correct cases where audio arrives already delayed. Of course if audio arrives delayed more than the TV's video delay you can't correct it.
That connection (direct from each source bypassing the TV) also may be best if surround sound is important to you since most Samsung's do not support Dolby passt-through (all that I have seen in fact) which means you will only get surround sound from the TV's internal tuner or streaming service and not from any HDMI input.
Revisiting this since I've had more time to watch. I DON"T need a delay in the audio and that's the problem. It's exact opposite. The audio is delayed too much when watching TV. The delay adjustment NickJ mentioned works fine when streaming but again...that's not the problem. There have been some new developments though. This has to be some issue between the decoding from the Cox Contour box and live TV. As I mentioned connecting directly using the Optical cable does the best job. However sometimes even that starts to get off. Especially on some of the "Cable" channels like HGTV, FOOD Network, etc. Not so much on the major channels like NBC, ABC etc. Also DVR'd shows always seem to be in sync. The thing that bothers me is, that if I shut the Magnifi Mini box off and back on, the lips sync back up again. It's like there is some decoding issue. Shutting of the soundbar fixes it. Unfortunately the only option I have on the Contour box is to send the signal out Dolby Digital or PCM. I can't just send it out RAW.
Just noticed heiney9 comment about turning the box off and back on cures his issue momentarily as well. hmmmm.
Having the exact same issues with mine on Verizon. Main channels and DVR work fine, but some other channels like HGTV, Paramount, etc have delays. Is there any fix???
I know this is an old thread but this issue continues to be a problem, and it's almost getting worse. The longer the soundbar is on, the worse the problem seems to become. Maybe a coincidence. There is definitely an issue in the soundbar itself between the cable box and the soundbar syncing. I turn the soundbar off and back on as mentioned above and the problem is solved. When I watch a DVR's show I sometimes have to turn it off and back on at the beginning of every show. It's like some sync is not happening. This started as more of an issue from the TV but now that I have the cable box connected directly to the soundbar it's a problem there as well. There has to be a reason, just don't know what it could be. I"m about ready to go back to a receiver.
It's probably a good idea to check with Polk at: 1-800-377-7655 select option 1, hopefully they can make a suggestion.
My wife and I just recently upgraded to Tango and we now have internet sharing! We have the share everything plan so we didn't have to worry about getting a hot spot contract. It works great!
OK I was just nosing around the other guys forums after a google search for a biometric fingerprint lock for phone and saw that iPhony has one already...
You reallize that it's just a theme...it's not an actual fingerprint reader for unlocking your phone?
OK, now is there anyway to take the file Fingerprint ID sensor from the HTC P6500, and work it into the Mogul?
the screen isn't sensitive enough to register the ridges of a fingerprint. and the fingerprint sensor from the p6500 isn't on the mogul. sry. yea, it'd be cool if it could happen
It would be cool to integrate this with pocketshield or another locking system. To people tryin' to pry, it would look real but to us we would know that it's not. It would be great to see people trying to "hack" into your phone! HAHA Anyone wanna try?
Handbags have been a good accessory in completing women's outfit. There are a wide variety of handbags that come in different styles, designs, materials, colors and sizes. These accessories have great significance because of their versatility features. Both men and women carry bags, however, it is just well-known that women use them more than men. Furthermore, handbags are also use to create a fashion statement. Different designs and styles are born each year. Celebrities and popular TV icons are often the first to try trendy handbags to complete their looks.Different variety of handbags were basically designed for different purposes. And to make it widely available to everyone, such fashion accessories are now available in different variety of designs, styles and colors to incorporate with different wardrobes. This is the reason why almost all women have 3-5 different types of handbags in their closet
What?! just wtf? if this actually has any significance then I didnt see it. Just.........anyways, what if we made this like slide to unlock like you put your thumb on the print then slide it down. that would be cool.
biometric sucks anyway, this is how I punch in everyday for work and half the time it doesn't even read my finger, other times I have to push down a bit....
The biometric stuff is so quirky that half the time, we wouldnt be able to unlock it quick enough to answer our phones!
I've posted some work by my old mate Richard Dolan on my other Blog, click this link to take you too it http://tinyurl.com/2lurzz
I don't know whether I left a comment on your blog before but it is very nice to see into your world of work. After this I'll go over to see Richard Dolan's art. If I had made a comment before it would've been about the Martian war machines, the tripods, something I've spent some time thinking about and painting.
It’s no secret chiropractic care works wonders for many suffering from back, neck and spinal related problems. However, many are unaware that chiropractic care also provides excellent results in a number of non-spinal related conditions including those related to the extremities. Manipulative treatments chiropractors often apply to the spine are similarly used by chiropractors on the joints of the extremities including the hip, knee, ankle, foot, hand, wrist, elbow and shoulder joints. Manipulation of these joints involves a safe, controlled and specific force that is skillfully applied in order to restore normal joint motion that in turn provides nutrients to the joint, reducing inflammation and pain. Researchers recently conducted a study to compare the outcomes of treating patients with shoulder complaints with usual care from a general practitioner (medical doctor) both with and without the additional care of manipulative therapy applied directly to the shoulder girdle. At 12 weeks after initiating care, those receiving the additional manipulative therapy had better outcomes related to shoulder pain, neck pain. At 26 weeks, those receiving the additional manipulative therapy had statistically superior outcomes in shoulder pain, shoulder mobility and mobility of the neck. If you’re suffering from extra-spinal problems such as problems with the legs, hips or arms, call our office for an appointment to see if safe, natural and effective chiropractic care might be the solution for you!
Older patients with lower back pain are increasingly getting more complex and costlier spinal fusion surgeries, resulting in higher rates of life-threatening complications and increasing costs for the healthcare system, U.S. researchers said on Tuesday. A study of records from the federal Medicare program for the elderly and disabled between 2002 and 2007 revealed a 15-fold increase in the rate of complex surgeries to treat spinal stenosis -- a common condition in the elderly in which the spinal canal narrows, causing pain in the back and legs. And while the number of overall procedures to treat this problem dipped during the period, hospital charges for those surgeries rose by 40 percent on an inflation-adjusted basis, Dr. Richard Deyo of the Oregon Health and Science University in Portland and his colleagues reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association. In a telephone interview Deyo said the trend in part is related to the introduction of new technology, such as spinal cages and special screws used to fuse vertebrae together. But it also reflects savvy marketing by orthopedic device makers such as Stryker Corp., Medtronic Inc. and Johnson & Johnson's DePuy unit, that has convinced surgeons more complex surgery is better, Deyo said. Studies, however, suggest complex spinal fusion surgeries offer little benefit over simpler procedures for most patients, and increase the risk of complications. "It is driving up the cost of care without much evidence that it is improving care," Deyo said. A study last year published in JAMA found that the cost of treating spine problems in the United States rose 65 percent in the past decade to $85.9 billion a year, rivaling the economic burden of treating cancer, which costs $89 billion. Yet, for all of the spending, they found people with spine problems actually felt worse. Deyo's team studied three specific surgical procedures for lumbar stenosis: decompression, in which part of the vertebrae is removed to ease pressure on nerve roots; simple fusion, in which one or two discs are fused together through an incision in the back or abdomen; and complex fusion, in which more than 3 vertebrae are treated or the surgery is done from both the back and front. Overall, the procedure rate fell 1.4 percent during the study period, but rates of complex fusion surgery increased from 1.3 per 100,000 patients to 19.9 per 100,000. "What happened was the most complex type of surgery increased 15-fold over that period of time, a far more rapid increase than we could explain just on the basis of more severe disease," Deyo said. "What we also found is these more complex operations are associated with a higher rate of serious complications." Patients in the study who had a complex fusion procedure had a nearly three times higher odds of a life-threatening complication compared with those who only got decompression. And overall hospital charges rose 40 percent in inflation-adjusted dollars, the team found. Dr. Eugene Carragee of the Stanford University School of Medicine in California said in a commentary that the study should remind patients, doctors and insurance companies to carefully weigh the options for spinal surgery. "... the efficacy of basic spinal techniques must be assessed carefully against the plethora of unproven but financially attractive alternatives," Carragee wrote, noting that "financial incentives and market forces do not favor this careful assessment before technologies are widely adopted."
According to a newly released report in the American Journal of Preventative Medicine, the number of Americans ending up in the hospital due to overdoses from prescribed painkillers, sedatives and tranquilizers is rising steeply. In just 8 years, 1999 to 2006, hospital admissions from prescription drug overdoses increased an alarming 65 percent from 43,000 to 71,000. Another stunning statistic - Unintentional prescription drug overdoses surpassed motor vehicle crashes as the leading cause of unintentional injury death in 2005 for those 35 to 54 years of age. There are many more jaw dropping statistics listed in the report that highlight the dangers of many prescription drugs, especially those prescribed for the purpose of reducing pain.
What if you could simply lose weight by getting more sleep, would you be interested? Well, new research indicates that this isn’t too far off. Researchers have found those who don’t get adequate sleep actually consume more calories than those who do. Researchers followed 12 healthy young men for two 48-hour sessions while recording their sleep, calorie consumption and activity level. They found those who got 4 hours of sleep versus 8 hours of sleep actually consumed 22 percent more calories. Thus, the lack of adequate sleep resulted in a significant increase in their caloric intake. Other studies have also found shorter sleep duration is associated with higher body mass index but this is the first to study the effects of sleep duration to calorie consumption in normal-weight individuals.
6th class went on a sponsored 10km walk to raise money for their end of year trip to Wales. They walked all the way along the Murrough to Kiloughter and back again. They were lucky enough to have fantastic weather. All involved had a wonderful afternoon and were thoroughly exhausted afterwards.
Based on his revolutionary and highly effective Blood Type Diet ®, Dr. Peter J. D’Adamo with personal wellness chef Kristin O’Connor has written a set of practical, personalized cookbooks, so you can eat right for your type every day!
Packed with recipes specifically designed for your Blood Type B diet, the Personalized Cookbook features a variety of delicious and nutritious recipes for breakfast, lunch and dinner as well as snacks, soups and other temping treats that make eating right for your type easy and satisfying. It is an essential kitchen companion with masterfully-crafted recipes that make cooking with lean, grass-fed meats, cultured dairy products, organic vegetables and fruits an exciting and healthy adventure. In this book, you will find delicious recipes for Maple Sausage Scramble, Salmon Filled Radicchio Cups, and Turkey Ginger Stir-Fry. In addition to over 150 recipes and beautiful color photos, this book also includes:
Meet, chat, & share photos online with people in brigantine, nj find dates or start dating online express yourself through photos using oncom. Camnet: realtime air pollution & visibility monitoring camnet home what causes poor visibility brigantine, new jersey. Let’s chat use the form below to schedule an excursion aboard the miss brigantine and we’ll call you back to confirm you may also email or call us to. Bid on auction property 4601 b atlantic-brigantine brigantine new jersey, 08203 for free register today to find other auction properties in new jersey. Brigantine beach club , the quintessential jersey shore experience, the brigantine beach club is still one of the locations most wildly popular with royal holiday travelers. Psychics mediums in brigantine on ypcom see reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best psychics & mediums in brigantine, nj. A brigantine was a type of ship with two masts, only the forward of which is square rigged originally the brigantine was a small ship carrying both oars and sails.
Citizens4brigantine 43 connotillo lives in brigantine and is the brother-in-law of my running we would love the opportunity to chat with all members of. Remembering brigantine castle there’s a cool display devoted to the castle at the brigantine beach come check it out and join it’s fun you can chat with. Chat lines in brigantine on ypcom see reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best dating service in brigantine, nj. Brigantine announces final farmers market the spotlight on community will be the crossroads youth from the brigantine community presbyterian church chat with.
Brigantine north end beach is a popular dog beach in brigantine brigantine north end beach 1500 e brigantine ave, brigantine, nj chat now cancel. Brigantine, posters and prints - discover the perfect print, canvas or photo for your space with artcom. Aa meetings in brigantine nj these are the locations and times of alcoholics anonymous meetings in southern new jersey there are also meeting locators for al-anon, alateen and narcotics anonymous. Brigantine channel @ hoffman thorofare, new jersey tide predictions table shows water level, and times for high tide, low tide, sunrise.
The march nor'easters uncovered a humpback whale skeleton at brigantine. Brigantine chat : are you from brigantine you are very welcome to join our weirdtowncom chat brigantine chat is the place where brigantine chatters come to chat with anyone from anywhere around the world.
Brigantine's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in brigantine with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in brigantine is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in brigantine.
Join the discussion this forum covers brigantine, nj local community news, events for your calendar, and updates from colleges, churches, sports, and classifieds. Watch video city of brigantine live e- broadcasting by lieutenant jim bennett. Browse thousands of brigantine single marines meet singles who share your interests and start chatting instantly on video chat, im and more. A small island directly north of atlantic city, nj (you can see it when you stand on the beach), the kids go to achs and it is the most poppin town of the whole jersey shore every teenager in the entire town frequents the ave (w brigantine avenue between 8th st s where wawa is and 14th st by ritas) every night between the hours of 8 and 11. Brigantine online dating for brigantine singles 1,500,000 daily active members.
Sensorimotor integration As well as making you miserable and grumpy – neck pain is believed to affect learning new tasks, skills or activities. So if people only had recurrent or mild pain episodes would chiropractic manipulation affect the ability to learn how...
by David Wellington | Oct 17, 2017 | Back Pain, Headaches, Pain, Proprioception, RightEye - Eye tracking and performance, Spine Care
Eye movements are intrinsic to moving and doing normal living activities. But eye movements are also the window to spine function too. Because head-eye-neck-upper limb movements are wired together via the Tectospinal tract when eye movements lose their smoothness,...
This is a great description of brain clocks, both internal and external. Internal clocks This site is using SEO Baclinks plugin created by InfoMotru.ro and...
by David Wellington | May 16, 2017 | Back Pain, Facet joints, Intervertebral Discs, Muscles and Tendons, Proprioception, Spine Care, Uncategorized, Vertebrae
The Lumbar spine has a weight bearing role, approximately 84% is carried by the vertebrae and discs and remaining 16% by the facet joints and lamina. A common development over time is the degeneration or loss of height of the intervertebral disc (IVD) this can alter...
Primary Spine Care As a Chiropractor my interest is focused on the Spine. Primary Spine Care such as; Rehabilitating Disc injuries, Sciatica, Pelvic injuries, Radiating arm or leg pain, Referred pain from inflamed discs or facet joints is a specific topic, similar in...
lunes, junio 7th, 2010 | 365 días consombrero, blanco, borla, capota, pompón, Sombrero de la Semana, verano | 3 Comments
We signed a six-month lease on our first apartment today: moving in gradually over the next few days, not least because our bed doesn't get delivered until Saturday.
We're in Walnut Creek, 5 minutes from Safeway and a couple of blocks from downtown; close enough to the in-laws to visit easily without being in their pockets, and on the BART line into the city; and we'll see how it goes.
It's a good time of year to be apartment-hunting; lots of vacancies. It's more a case of seeing enough of them to determine what exactly it is you're looking for: location, layout, size, facilities.
The bigger problem for us is qualifying to rent; landlords here take up references, check credit, and expect a certain level of income, which for us as not-yet-working immigrants with (in the US, at least) no rental history and little-to-no credit history makes life a little difficult. But it's not impossible; proof of assets, a bigger deposit, or paying some months in advance is usually sufficient.
And apartments here are pretty much invariably unfurnished; the place looks awfully empty right now...
Ocean's Eleven was fun fluff; but this one is forced and dull. The performances are limp: Brad Pitt and George Clooney don't spark off each other this time. And the plot's confused: the first movie's cat-and-mouse one-big-heist concept worked, but this one is a series of damp squibs with no real payoff.
It doesn't pull its punches: the trailers focus on Howard Hughes the aviator, but more of the movie is about Hughes the womaniser, the paranoid, the compulsive. We're shown how Hughes' odd behaviour affects those around him, but then we're shown how terrifying everyday situations appear to him: dirt, the public gaze, unfamiliar foods. One scene in particular brings this home: Hughes, in a restaurant bathroom, washes his hands compulsively to the point at which they start bleeding; uses all the towels; and is trapped in the bathroom by the dirty doorknob. A lot of "what a goofball" tittering from the audience early in the scene; but gradually, silence, as they realise that this isn't funny for him; it's painful.
It's not a happy story, and it's certainly not a happy ending; but we already knew that. It is however a story very well told.
Cate Blanchett plays very well as Katharine Hepburn; just up to the edge of caricature, but just enough within it to get away with it.
And an amazingly good performance by Leonardo DiCaprio — who would have thought he had it in him? Very measured, and full of little touches: I particularly liked the very brief shot in which, after taking his personal soap out of its case, he quickly but carefully aligns the two halves of the case with the edges of the sink.
Sorry for the sporadic updates of late; much to do and little time to write. I have lots of topics in my mental queue, but getting them out of my head and into a finished post is running slowly at the moment.
Time thief: Star Wars: KOTOR for XBox. What a game. Most people play this one through twice, first favouring the Light Side and then replaying on the Dark Side. I'm towards the end of my first play: about 45 hours in, and the end is in sight. KOTOR II is out now, but apparently not as good; I'm leaning towards Morrowind as the next game.
Resident Alien is my main blog, where I post on things that interest me—technology, hiking, food, movies—and comment on my experiences as a Brit living in California.
... The Bass Point Creek High Bridge is 156 feet high and 754 feet long. It is a deck girder steel bridge built by the Fort Dodge,
Des Moines & Southern Railway in 1913. It is located in Boone County, Iowa and is currently a part of the excursion route of the
Boone & Scenic Valley Railroad and Museum. In addition to a large collection of diesel and electric locomotives, several steam engines
and a large roster of varying types of passenger coaches, the B&SV Railroad operates this 2-8-2, JS Class, "Mikado" steam locomotive #8419,
built by the Datong Company of China and imported in 1989. This watercolor was painted for a Bella Terra Maps publication.
A great motivational post as always! I think as women we play down our strengths far too much because it usually turns off others (men especially) but we are worth it, and shouldn’t have to. I have listened to quite a few of those songs on your playlist (beyonce) and blasted it with some feelings of pride hehe x
Painting #248 - I was feeling "stuck" and didn't know what to paint. I did some reading about painters block and the following statement got me to pick up my brush, "You always have something in your head, just paint it". I let go of trying to figure out what to paint, found a photo for inspiration, and just painted. It is what it is!
We are a company dedicated to the tourism business since 2010 We have many services for the foreign tourist or executives who visit León, Guanajuato and it´s surroundings as a tourist or as a business trip. Our personnel speaks fluent English, Italian and French Our...
This blog post originally appeared on: http://www.unb.ca/initiatives/millennialdream/blog-post.html Entrepreneurship is at the very core of the Millennial Dream. But contrary to the
Here is a bright and colorful side dish that will look and taste great with any summer meal, and it’s a great way to use fresh summer produce! … More Kohlrabi, Carrot and Radish “Ceviche” Salad
Please enter your email address to follow my blog and receive email notifications of new posts. I won't use your email for anything. I wouldn't even know how to find it!
The Oric video chip is not an easy beast to master, so any trick or method that allows to achieve nice visual results is welcome. Don't hesitate to comment (nicely) other people tricks and pictures
Ok, perhaps not quite as magnificent as the title suggests but i nice little utility to compile a special optimised graphic format specifically developed for the Oric and Wurlde.
Now uploaded reliable version at 22:45. If you downloaded the disk zip prior to this then please DL again now.
Since the standard mapping is not allowing to use incremental button mode to jump back from FX Slot 4 to FX Slot 0 (Filter) I made this possible with a help of modifier 1. If you plan to add more decks to this mapping be sure to use a different modifier for each deck.
Because they come probably from the thought process/design around the s4 where you have dedicated buttons. They just missed the rest of the options when they implemented those. I'm not surprised, they have a tendency to do that (loop recorder source anyone?)
There’s also an almost hermetic community that exists in many areas of dance music, where serious hobbyists feed off each other’s expertise but barely connect to the industry – despite many of those involved actually working in it.
range goes from 0 to 5. what's up with #5? seems to turn off the color on the software knob and select one of the filterFx without displaying which one. strange.
@yul: oh yeah the loop rec source thing. not being able to use a hardware controller to select it made me give up on it altogether... but at least now i can hide it under the FX1/3 panel.
The value of 5 is obviously meant for something which didn't made yet... Maybe it is for inserting macro effects in the future.
Dudes this thread is about the mapping I wanted to share. If you have issues or bugs to report please send a ticket to NI Support.
Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imagery from Maxar’s MDA RADARSAT-2 satellite will become available to SecureWatch subscribers on Oct. 1, according to DigitalGlobe.
SecureWatch, DigitalGlobe’s cloud-based geospatial intelligence (GEOINT) platform, will now combine the company’s high-resolution optical imagery and MDA’s SAR imagery in one platform, enabling defense and intelligence analysts to deliver actionable insights to decision makers regardless of weather and light conditions, the company said.
RADARSAT-2 imagery allows users to observe features and changes that go undetected using other imaging techniques, and provides day and night coverage regardless of weather.
SecureWatch users can access timely RADARSAT-2 imagery using current subscription plans. When combined with 30 cm optical imagery, analysts will have an even more uniquely powerful and reliable toolset to perform analysis to make decisions with confidence, the company said.
“Adding RADARSAT-2 imagery to SecureWatch is a perfect demonstration of Maxar Technologies’ unique promise: create valuable, integrated and innovative solutions that address customers’ critical challenges,” said Mike Greenley, group president of MDA. “MDA’s RADARSAT-2 information has played a key role in supporting security missions for over two decades, and partnering with our sister company, DigitalGlobe, immediately enhances our offerings and expands our global reach.”
“SecureWatch subscribers now have an exciting new tool to enrich GEOINT gathering and decision-making,” said Dan Jablonsky, DigitalGlobe president. “Combining SAR and optical imagery takes analysts’ abilities to the next level to deliver powerful insights into what’s happening in their areas of interest and allows them to save lives, resources and time.”
Tracy Cozzens has served as managing editor of GPS World magazine since 2006. She also is editor of GPS World’s newsletters and the sister website Geospatial Solutions. She has worked in government, for non-profits, and in corporate communications, editing a variety of publications for audiences ranging from federal government contractors to teachers.
If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to Geospatial Solutions to receive more articles just like it.
Bentley Systems to acquire AIworx for machine learning, IoT Bentley Systems has entered an agreement to acquire Quebec City-based AIworx,... Read more» Nov 13, 2018 | 1 Comments
NASA program for UAVs in cities turns to NextNav NextNav’s Metropolitan Beacon System (MBS) service has been accepted for use... Read more» Nov 13, 2018 | 0 Comments
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ Messages News Meetings For sale Wanted Other Technical Engine and cooling system Electrical system and ignition Gearbox, clutch and transmission Front axle and steering Rear axle Wheels, Hubs and Suspension Braking system Bodywork and painting Interior and Heating Special tools Members Presentation Cars The Renault 16 Site Suggestions
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ. You may need to register or log into an account at the R2Games website to post. If you already have an account, click Login above. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
Ticket system is functional, but R2 is going through staff adjustments, combined with a holiday period. You will get an automated reply at the 2 week mark, make sure you reply to that so the ticket doesn't close.
If you're having an issue, provide the character name and server used for the ticket, or pm a mod with the email address, and the topic of the ticket, and we can see who's available to look into it. ToS violation tickets will have to wait, so if your ticket is a report, just don't let it close, and it'll be handled once everything settles down.
For additional assistance with a ticket, please provide a moderator with your ingame name, server, and game.
I've been submitting tickets 2 weeks ago until now, yet you haven't replied to any of those. It's about your Exquisite Enchantment Crystal 100% success, yet it fails when I was trying to enchant my immortal weapon to +17. So I was hoping that you could pay attention here to at least noticed about it. I can't wait any longer to get it back or at least have a compensation because I used money to cash in game just to get that Exquisite Enchantment Crystal, and I at least deserved a response.
Show me a screenshot of the description for the Exquisite Enchantment Crystal, please. Also, please provide your character name and server. You can reply to this thread with all, or send me a pm if you don't want to post your character name on the forum.
it's well known that they're only 100% until +16, you should of noticed the % before clicking rlly, it's r2, they wont really be 100% all the time
and I mean if it doesn't say 100% chance of success I would have add Dragon Crystals or another Exquisite Enchantment Crystal just to make it 100%
+17 and +18 do not show as 100% in the enchant window. if i remember correctly, +18 with 1 Exquisite and 3 DC is 87%? But i do agree, with the Poster, the item DOES say 100% I too have experienced a fail going to +18, and it is extremely frustrating because the only way to get this item is to Purchase crystals on purchase points weeks, and the price in points is no small thing either.
I just wonder if people who create the software even use what they made. It feels like they have never even touched it.
- Make Ideamaker usable over the web. a printer that is capable of printing for days on end should be monitored so it can be stopped if the print comes loose. My printer is at work and prints every weekend so now i have to remote into my work computer in order to see the print status
- when a print is done on idea maker it wont let you dismiss the task finished screen unless you click done on the printer. I am remoteing in to my work pc to see if my 35 hour print finished ok and it wont let me view the camera because i cant dismiss that task finished screen.
-Make it so we can view the camera full screen insted of that fixed size window. Not sure whos idea that was but the camera image is so small all you can see is that its still printing. you cant see if its pealing up on the first layer or warped. its almost useless. can i change the lens on the camera so its zoomed in a little?
these are just a few things off the top of my head. Ill post more next week when im infront of the printer.
Most of your requirements can be achieved by RaiseCloud which is under beta test currently. You can get more information from the following link:
For the second point you mention is out of our original design purpose. We are afraid that if we don't limit customer to go to the printer to press that button and check the bed is fully clean, ready to print the next print, directly start a printer remotely will do hard to your printer once there is something on the build plate. So the only way to dismiss that screen is only press the button on touchscreen physically.
And the reason why we fixed the camera view, is because we limit the resolution of the camera due to internet and hardware limitation of the touchscreen. For how to adjust the lens of the camera, please contact our support and share the picture which currently you can get with your camera to verify at http://help.raise3d.com.
Vicky@Raise3D wrote: Most of your requirements can be achieved by RaiseCloud which is under beta test currently. You can get more information from the following link:
As a long time N1 and N2 owner, I have to agree that the design purpose of needing to touch the screen is a flaw. My printers are outside in my shed. I like to finish the print, and turn on the nozzle for a filament swap, so by the time im at the shed, i can easily swap filament, remove nozzle, and also start new print. However, I cant do this because i have to touch the screen. It seems silly that we cant modify the printer settings for fear that someone doesnt remember to clear the plate before starting a new print.
The better way is to but HD cam and install with remote mini server PC and use with Team Viewer, you can also stop and adjust your printer. Even from your cell phone. This works perfectly for me!
Maybe I can check whether we are able to separate temperature setting sections from the print complete page so that you can change the temperature values by remote control before you reach to the printer.
That would be great. I get not wanting to start a new print - though there IS a part of me that feels the operator should be wise enough to change the bed out! I just have wanted to lower the build plate (thin parts that i want to cool and use a spatula to remove) and change the filament.
Do you mean you want to the bed lower after print completes? There is an option in touchscreen that you can choose how much you'd like to have the bed to move.
Vicky@Raise3D wrote: Do you mean you want to the bed lower after print completes? There is an option in touchscreen that you can choose how much you'd like to have the bed to move.
I tried this option but it only seems to work when you manually stop a print. If the print finishes on its own then the bed doesn't lower by the requested amount. Could you check and let me know?
You are right, it only works for manually stop instead of print completes. If the print completes the whole gcode, it will just follow what gcode asks the printer to do.
simon wrote: I tried this option but it only seems to work when you manually stop a print. If the print finishes on its own then the bed doesn't lower by the requested amount. Could you check and let me know?
Vicky@Raise3D wrote: You are right, it only works for manually stop instead of print completes. If the print completes the whole gcode, it will just follow what gcode asks the printer to do.
.....so can it be changed so the option controls after prints complete too? Its kind of pointless controlling manual stops but not finished prints.
The reason why we have the option for drop the bed after manual stop is because that normally when you shoot a manual stop, it must be you see some issues on your printer, and most of them are at the very beginning or at lower height. Drop the bed will help a lot when trying to remove the model from the bed.
Exactly! it does help a lot when trying to remove model from the bed. Surely it is the same if a print finishes. At the moment I have to manually lower the bed to remove shorter prints.
domingo, mayo 23rd, 2010 | blanco, Boda, Consejos, Sombrero de la Semana, velo novia | No hay comentarios
Public Forum. Public Forum is the most popular debate format in the world, with students debating 2 v. 2 in competition. In the US, topics change bi-monthly in the fall and every month in the spring. In Asia, topics change in the spring and fall semesters. Students normally debate topics more than once and prepare very intensely to debate the topics. We provide instruction with helping students learn Public Forum, helping students improve their skills, and helping students prepare to debate the topics.
Policy Debate. The original debate format, students who engage in Policy debate debate two on two on a similar topic for the entire year, though they do debate subsets of the topic. For example, this year’s Policy debate topic in the US is immigration reform. Subsets that students debate include refugees, family separation, and H-1B visas. Students who compete in Policy debate talk very quickly and it is a very research intensive form of debate. Many students who participate in Policy debate spend 4-7 weeks during the summer at debate camps preparing for competition. We provide instruction with helping students learn Policy debate, helping students improve their skills, and helping students prepare to debate the topics.
Lincoln-Douglas. Lincoln-Douglas is a common but less popular form where students debate one on one. The topics change bi-monthly and generally focus on philosophical issues, though modern Lincoln-Douglas debating has taken on many of the many of the norms and practices of Policy debate. We provide instruction with helping students learn Lincoln Douglas debate, helping students improve their skills, and helping students prepare to debate the topics.
World Schools debating. World Schools is a format that is less popular in the US but more popular abroad. In this format, students debate three on three with different topics in each debate. Some of the topics are announced before the start of the tournament and others are announced an hour before the debate. This requires students to prepare in advanced to debate a wide variety of topics and there is more of an emphasis on logic and reasoning than evidence. We provide instruction with helping students learn World Schools debate, helping students improve their skills, and helping students prepare to debate the topics.
Parliamentary training. Parliamentary debate is similar to World Schools in terms of the preparation the announcement of some the topics during the tournament and others a bit before, but in Parliamentary debate students debate 2 teams v. 2 teams and the teams and debaters are ranked. There isn’t a winner, but teams are ranked 1-4. This format is rare in the US, but it is practiced in California and there is a small prep school parliamentary debate circuit in the Northeast US. We provide instruction with helping students learn Parliamentary debate, helping students improve their skills, and helping students prepare to debate the topics.
Hej Mariell! I’ve been reading your blog for a short time now & I love it to bits. Thanks for the colourful images, the kind words and, always, the inspiration.
I have a question to you (or maybe your readers, if they know): If you don’t mind me asking, how do you make a living? So far, I’ve understood that you’re writing a book and sometimes take photos at weddings. Are you able to live off that? If so (and even if not so): Congratulations to you (and also your boyfriend). You both are inspiring to me in many ways, even if I don’t know you. <3
thank you, teresa! well, i don’t like getting into the details of my financials with people who i don’t know(i imagine i’m not alone in this), but in general i do a lot of different things like web design, graphic design, writing, wedding photography and creating and photographing recipes. my boyfriend is a composer, and he does different things as well, like translation work and writing.
Of course you don’t tell every Mary & every Peter about you finances, so thanks for the answer, Mariell! :) I think it’s tremendously cool that you claim your success to be well- and hard-earned. Keep it up! I’m rooting for you. Bisous from Vienna in Austria <3
floor vacuum cleaner women using the power floor vacuum cleaner in the kitchen hardwood floor vacuum cleaner uk.
In the 13F form filed with the U.S. government for the first quarter of 2016, former hedge fund manager George Soros revealed he anticipates economic problems, and intends to profit from them. An article by Bloomberg reveals the details.
George Soros reduced his holdings of U.S. publicly listed stocks by 37%, bought put options on the stock market, loaded up on Barrick Gold, one of the world’s major gold companies and bought calls on the SPDR Gold Trust exchange traded fund.
He sold off his shares of Delta Airlines, Level 3 Communications, Dow Chemical and Endo International. Therefore, he no longer faces any downside risk if their share prices fall sometime in the future.
He now owns put option contracts on 2.1 million shares of the exchange traded fund SPDR 500, which tracks the S&P 500 Index of the New York Stock Exchange. This means that he will profit if the top 500 stocks on the New York Exchange fall in price below the option strike price, which the article didn’t reveal. The article on https://twitter.com/georgesoros also didn’t specify how long the put contracts were for.
Soros bought shares of Barrick Gold, a stake worth $264 million as of March 31, according to the 13F form. That’s 1.7 percent of Barrick. Barrick is now the largest single company owned by the Soros fund. Located in Toronto Canada, Barrick Gold is one of the largest gold mining companies. It should continue to profit and go up in value for as long as the price of gold continues to rise.
George Soros now owns calls on 1.05 million shares of the exchange traded fund SPDR Gold Trust. Each share of that ETF consists of a tenth of an ounce of gold bullion. Therefore, just as the SPDR 500 ETF tracks the price rises and drops of the S&P 500, the SPDR Gold ETF tracks the price rises and drops in the price of gold. If the price of Gold Trust rises higher than the option strike price, Soros will profit from that without having to buy actual gold bullion. However, Bloomberg again did not specify the strike prices or terms of the call contracts.
In January this year, Soros warned that the economy reminded him of the months leading up to 2008. George Soros believes China has created far too much debt, and that its collapse would lead to deflation that would lower the price of stocks. Generally, in hard times people see gold as a safe harbor, causing its price to rise.
The price of gold rose 16 percent in the first three months of 2016. According to Bloomberg, that’s the largest quarterly price jump in 30 years. The share price of Barrick Gold has doubled in 2016.
Soros has also warned about the many problems facing the EU. Investing in gold could be one way of profiting if the EU fails.
Main Gallery Adopt a Mile Pictures CFD CLASS A CFD New Truck + Engine 2012 Charter Presentation Fire-Ops Training Phoenix Az. July 4th 2011 FireWorks Show Technical Rescue March 24th 2012 Gallery List
Lama road (Old Highway 3) burn area from the Hondo Fire 1996. I wanted to share this image from the area north of San Cristobal, in order to show the damage done 22 years ago and how looks today. I made a series of very large panoramas depicting the regrowth in the burn area. I find the area hauntingly beautiful and I will share more images from this series. As you may have heard, the fire season is upon us, and here is a gentle reminder. Thanks for looking. G
lunes, mayo 17th, 2010 | adornos, blog consombrero, colaboraciones, gros grain, lujo, paja, Sombrero de la Semana, tienda consombrero, verano | 2 Comments
Single women in angus, - doulike doulike is a popular dating platform in angus, which specializes in dating over the past several years, we have been able to create a huge database of single girls and women who are ready to get to know someone.
Angus ontario, i am very compassionate person understanding to someone wants and needs, respect and trust is a must my hobbies are going to the gym meeting new people i live life to its fullest looking for. Mingle2 is the place to meet angus singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in angus, scotland our free online dating site & mobile apps are full of single women and men in angus looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with.
Find a singles on gumtree in forfar, angus, the #1 site for classifieds ads in the uk find a singles on gumtree in forfar, angus, the #1 site for classifieds ads in the uk close the cookie policy warning by using this site you agree to the use of cookies find out more about our cookie.
Angus's best free dating site 100% free online dating for angus singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in angus looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Single-step genetic evaluation is the method that will be implemented july 7, 2017, through agi to calculate weekly angus expected progeny differences (epds) single-step methodology represents an evolution in the way agi has calculated genomic-enhanced epds. Meet thousands of local angus singles, as the worlds largest dating site we make dating in angus easy plentyoffish is 100% free, unlike paid dating sites you will get more interest and responses here than all paid dating sites combined over 1,500,000 daters login every day to plentyoffishcom, we.
Meet local angus single men right now at datehookupcom other angus online dating sites charge for memberships, we are 100% free for everything no catch, no gimmicks, find a single man here for free right now. Angus stone (born 27 april 1986) is an australian folk singer-songwriter and record producer-engineer he is the brother half of duo angus & julia stone his debut solo album, smoking gun , was issued in april 2009 under the pseudonym lady of the sunshine , and reached the top 50 on the aria albums chart.
Meet african american singles in angus, ontario online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find black singles.
Find singles in angus with dating site - doulike doulike makes online dating in angus, simple if you cannot help feeling that all you need is a new acquaintance, true love or a friend, we found an easy way out.
@potus: on behalf of our nation, i want to apologize to brett and the entire kavanaugh family for the terrible pain and suffering you have been forced to endure. Browse 100% free online catalog ° lonely men and women and meet anyone your like without additional charges once you join our personals community you can meet attractive men and women who placed their online personal profiles with a hope to find true love in grantham.
American personals @ adpostcom personals - american personals for over 1000+ cities, 500+ regions worldwide & in usa - free,classified ad,classified ads. In this episode of thank you for sharing we dissect chris ingham's response to allegations put forth on twitter by his young female fans chris ingham is the father featured in the ingham family.
Ingham's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in ingham with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in ingham is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in ingham.
Updated around the clock with birmingham news, information, what's on, comment and in-depth coverage of aston villa, birmingham city, west brom, warwickshire cricket club and other sports. Ingham's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in ingham with mingle2's ingham dating services find a girlfriend or lover in ingham, or just have fun flirting online with ingham single girls.
The queen forced to wear a burkha and buckingham palace turned into a mosque - that was the vision of britain under sharia law proposed by a muslim firebrand yesterday.
Once you join our personals community you can meet attractive men and women who placed their online personal profiles with a hope to find true love in ingham browsing personal profiles is totally free, safe and secure.
Arkansas currently ranks second in the nation for broiler production, second for broiler chick hatch, third for turkey production, seventh for eggtype chick hatch and eighth for egg production, based on statistics published in 2001 by USDA-NASS.
Total annual poultry production is a US$2.5 billion industry in Arkansas and is the single largest generator of farm income. While playing a vital role in the economy of Arkansas, high density, confined housing systems used in poultry operations may greatly increase fly problems, due to the large volumes of waste material produced. Fly populations, if not properly managed, can result in a public health nuisance around the poultry operation and neighboring rural non-farm communities. This can often lead to poor community relations and potential litigation. The primary flies encountered are the housefly, black garbage fly and little housefly. Generally, these flies remain relatively close to the original breeding source (location of egg, larvae and pupae). However, the housefly is known to disperse for over 25 miles, the black garbage fly for 4 to 5 miles and the little housefly for 1 to 2 miles.
The filth flies associated with poultry production are of greatest significance because they carry organisms that cause disease in poultry and humans. They are known to carry organisms associated with food poisoning in humans, such as Salmonella, Campylobacter, E. coli and Listeria, as well as pathogens that cause disease in poultry (Exotic Newcastle Disease, E.coli and Caronavirus).
The article will cover the housefly, little housefly, blowfly, and dump fly. The article will also suggest more than 10 methods to manage the flies in poultry facilities.
Article made possible through the contribution of University of Arkansas Cooperative Extension Service.
2-in-1 approach to preserve feed quality and improve milling efficiency through Kemin MillSMART program
Phytogenics user guide: How to assess plant extracts based products in 5 steps with the FITEK method ?
From the mIRC website: "This version of mIRC is primarily a security release. mIRC users are advised to upgrade due to a security issue related to outgoing messages being chopped in a specific context that could lead to a subsequent message being leaked."
This is so good to read right now! I just quit a job that really frustrated me. Now I’m starting to do some freelance work and trying to open a small screenprint workshop. I still fill anxious about money and wonder if this is ´the right thing to do’. Reading posts like this gets me motivated to work harder and keep getting better. Thanks :)
Hindustani classical music on the sitar. Worked with George Harrison. In 2001, awarded an Honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Elizabeth II for his services to music. French Legion of Honor.
When your hands bleed when you wash them, we get concerned, yet, there are many people who think it is normal if their gums bleed when they brush or floss. The researchers at the U.S National Institutes of Health (NIH) … Continue reading →
viernes, mayo 7th, 2010 | Boda, carreras, flores, historia del sombrero, labores de sombrerería, lujo, matrimonio, restauración de piezas, Sombrero de la Semana, toque | No hay comentarios
Just a pawn, the first to be pickedAnd then horses came, running in all directionsBishops were collecting souls, whenever they could, Though being a god’s man, they are not perfectAnd the (...)
Leeching allows you to regain HP/MP while damaging mobs. This is possible through vampiric gear and absorb gear.
So if we take the earlier example, you would be able to steal 25 HP, but because of the cap you only steal 14 HP. That's not too good.
Now you add a Vampiric Earring+3 to your Life Absorb ring+3, This earring gives +25 HP/MP max steal, if you were to be Lv 140, your current leech cap would be: 14+25 = 39 (where 14 is your base Lv/10), thus now you would be leeching up to 39 HP/MP per hit, just keep adding until you're on your current max leeching capabilities.
Next to your Leech limit-cap, there is also a "Leech limit-cap"-cap. This basicly means there is a max amount of HP/MP you can regain with leeching gear. This cap is at 5% of your max HP/MP. So if you have 2000 HP and 500 MP, you can leech a maximum of 100 HP and 25 MP. How much vampiric gear you add, this cap will not be affectable by anything (except raising your HP/MP with buffs or gear).
Let's say for an example that your base level is 120. With the equips you are wearing you have got Max HP Leech+15 and HP Leech 10%. With a certain spell you do 500 damage to a certain monster. Your total max HP Leech is (Lv/10)+(max HP Steal bonus) = (120/10)+15 = 12+15 = 27 HP If you use the spell which deals 500 damage, the max you could leech without your HP Leech cap would be 10% = 50 HP. Your HP Leech cap is 27 however, so you will only gain 27 HP. In this case it would be wise to get more equips which raise the cap of your HP leech. Try to get as close to that 50 HP Leech as you can to gain maximim benefit from your leech-items. However, you can only leech up to 5% of your HP/MP, so if your HP/MP is 2000 you can only leech up to 100 HP/MP per skill per mob.
Now lets say you are surrounded by a group of 5 mobs and you use a skill that damages each of them with 500 dmg, that means you leech 5x27 HP = 140 HP per skill you use on that group. That way you heal yourself while damaging mobs.
* If you do not have any equips which give you HP Steal+X% you will leech 0% HP, which essentially means your vampiric equips are worthless.
* The HP/MP you regain from vampiric gear is not added to the dmg you do allready. You just take a part of the dmg you do and regain your HP/MP with that.
Find local listings of businesses and services near you. Get driving directions, reviews and ratings, phone numbers, addresses and more on Local.com.
You can post interviews, videos, pictures, articles and anything you find that happens after the finale.
brendon rachel and i discussed everythign together.. and when she found out that's why we both voted for lane
brendon is in shock.. and nw is trying to make like that it's something good that his X finacee is on team rach
bren i know i have a messed up toe.. and now that i know andrew is a podiatrist.. i will ask him for help
missy i hear that laugh way down yonder.. it has to be rachel.. how was it being aasked that question live
moent i wasn't expecting the clip to be aired.. she's still trying to tip toe around.. they must of came from somewher deep inside..
monet no i dont think i would change anything.. i wold have love to have gone further in the game.. but im glad i didn't leave emptie handed..
andrew i was missing my family big time.. i was missing my daughter.. and my father.. wondered what he thought of me..
kathy i cried for weeks.. i have no remorse for him.. he played on my feelings, america's and people that are sick.. i cant forgive him
kathy i threw thos comps i didn't want them to think i was strong.. you dont take bullets being sick.
are you shocked to know that enzo thought you were the that he thought that the letter on the bottom means SHERRIF
brit.. no i didn't i didnt' see her alot she was off with brendon.. i was with ragan and matt.. i heard her laugh resonate thru the house
what did you think about when rachel came back in the house.. and confronter you about your GB message..
brit ohh goody!! you guys loved it?? i wish we could do it like live from the Livving romm stream it in
tons of brit talk.. too fast for me to get it all.. i could use some help if anyone wants to join in!
matt if they are watching BB they know it's about lies.. i am not injecting people with deseases.. and those that appreciated it you should apply next year
matt kathy well she's cordial.. ragan hasnt' forgotten.. but he has forgiven.. im sure we'll cuddle..
Missy just tells matt that his wife calls into superpass.. and talks to her.. and that chelsia and stacy have a great lrealtionship
matt defunking enzo as the creator of the brigade.. matt says it was him.. and that enzo had no conception of a brigade.. and had no side allaince..
ragan i ran down on clothes.. i weighed myself when i got to the JH i lost 15 lbs.. and i was sad on how i looked..
ragan well it never got that bad with kathy.. but with rach/bren.. they were doing terrible things to me in the game and i said that stuff to their face
ragan.. i think we will remain friends.. he's my brother.. i beleive in BB karma.. and his lie in the game damaged his game
ragan yes.. i had things set up digitally.. i think there will be like an elephant in the room and will answer questions for about 15mins.. and then go back to business
Biography: Frank Walter Borowski was born in Strawn, Texas on December 2, 1916. He was one of 11 children born to Ignatius Walter Borowski and Anna J. Kosakowski. The family moved to the Williamsport, Pennsylvania, area when Frank was very young and he attended school there through the 10th grade. He joined the CCC (Civilian Conservation Corps) on August 27, 1935, and worked at Camp S-75 in Hyner, Pennsylvania. He was discharged on March 31, 1938, and then worked in the steel fabrication industry. Frank also joined the National Guard.
Service Time: Frank entered the service on February 17, 1941, at Williamsport and was ultimately assigned to Company B of the 645th Tank Destroyer Battalion. During his training, he achieved a Marksman rating with the rifle. The 645th shipped out from the New York port on April 28, 1943, arriving in Algeria on May 27. They then landed at Paestum, Italy, on September 9, and participated in the drive up the Italian peninsula. They then shifted to the Anzio beachhead in February, 1944.
While they were in the vicinity of Anzio, Frank and the other members of his crew observed three German Mark VI 'Tiger' tanks at a 2000 yard range. Enemy mortar shells began to fall and as soon as the smoke cleared, they saw that the Tigers were headed towards them. Their TD Commander ordered them to fire and Frank, as the loader, began to place armor piercing shells into the unit's main gun. Within 10 minutes, they had fired 24 rounds and destroyed or disabled all three of the Tigers. Other members of his crew were James C. McClinton, Louis Remer, Vernon Dobson and Hooper Wilkinson.
The 645th was then withdrawn for training in June, 1944, preparing to participate in Operation Dragoon and landed in southern France, on August 15th, advancing to the Vosges Mountains near Grandvillers by October. The 645th joined the assault on the Siegfried Line in December near Bobenthal, Germany, and fought the German Nordwind offensive in January 1945.
Late in January, they converted to M36 and attacked the Siegfried Line again south of Sarreguemines in March, crossing the Rhine at Worms on March 25th. They helped reduce the Nazi stand at Aschaffenburg at month’s end and participated in the capture of Nürnberg in mid-April, eventually reaching Munich on April 29.
In addition to Frank, his brother Edward also served in the Army (Combat Engineer Battalion). The boys father had been born in Warsaw, Poland, and both sons were proud to be able to fight the Nazis who had invaded their father's homeland.
Frank participated in the campaigns of Naples-Foggia, Rome-Arno, Southern France, Rhineland and Central Europe. He was awarded the Bronze Star along with the American Defense Medal, EAME Medal, and Good Conduct Medal. He left the service on July 27, 1945 at the Indiantown Gap Military Reservation, PA. He had reached the rank of Sergeant.
The photo on left was taken in November of 1942, while Frank was stationed in Texas. Many of the soldiers put on costumes and had photos taken, while they were on leave, to send home to their families.
Frank returned to the U.S. and on April 18, 1953, he married the former Lucile Esther Abbott, who was born in Mexico City, Missouri, and was the daughter of Phillip Dewitt Abbott and Doris Margaret Davies. The new couple made their residence in Augusta, Georgia, and had one son, John, who would later serve in the Air Force. Frank's step-son, Daniel, also served in the military and was a decorated Marine of the Vietnam war.
The family moved to California and Frank worked for the Lawrence Livermore Radiation Lab as a mechanical designer. He later worked for a few of the veterans hospitals before he retired. He lived in Sacramento for a period and then moved to Colorado to be closer to some of his family. He finally moved to Lakewood, Colorado. He was a member of the VFW and Knights of Columbus. In his spare time, he loved to play pool and played almost every night up until his death. His skills with a pool cue were highly respected by all who knew him.
Frank passed away on December 10, 1996, and was buried in the Fort Logan National Cemetery in Denver, Colorado. i want to thank Frank's son, John, for providing the information and photos for this tribute.
The Serbian SOKO SP RR 122mm Self Propelled Gun uses the D-30 Russian 122mm howitzer, which is operated by around 50 different nations and has been manufactured under licence by several countries. Yugoslav/Serbia is one of these countries and in 2004 Serbian Firm Yugoimport started development of a new 6×6 wheeled Self-Propelled Gun that could mount the D-30 howitzer. First seen at the SOFEX 2010 arms fair, the SOKO SP RR 122mm can mount other calibre howitzers:
with appropriate standard and HE-BB ammunition, reaching combat ranges of 17.3 km with HE round and 21 km with HE/BB round.
range ballistic system, with appropriate advanced ammunition reaching a range of 30 km with HE/BB round.
There, in a dark timeMaybe in the kitchen when they cameAnd you were taken by surpriseThere, all hopes goneMaybe in the hospitalWhere some didn’t go on their proper time - God’s timeThere, (...)
The voice of the loversBewitched for the very first timeA vanilla scream Gasps… back and forth, here and thereRose slowly through their brownish skins 19.01.2015
Scattered on the floor, an old journal… Clippings, dry leaves and shriveled flowers…An apple scent, invading the roomScattered on the floor, old pictures…Dry tears in a yellow sheet, revealing
At bay, splendid lights die slowlyIn a languid sunset, traces of brightness raysOver which, the sky seems to be infinite At bay, waves splashing on our facesOur clothes, soakedWe seem to not care
Data synced with official DICOM standard on 25 September 2017. The DICOM Standard is under continuous maintenance, and the current official version is available at http://dicom.nema.org/. DICOM Parts 3 and 6, © NEMA. Please note that the most recent PDF version of the standard is the official reference, and should checked when making technical decisions.
The Earth Expanded is an exciting opportunity to learn about our past, present and future. With lots of color pictures. This book could be the greatest explanation, of the greatest story ever told. Are UFOs real ? Yes ! What is "666" the Mark of the Beast ? What is the Beast ? Also understanding detailed Prophecy. Thanks... Joseph Benante.
For talking about everything else Evangelion: from the various manga and video games to merchandising and video/audio releases.
A forum for discussion of other Gainax works, people belonging or related to Gainax and the non-Eva projects they've worked on, media that reference or have distinct parallels to Eva, etc.
No, that Little Eddy incident was not a flipped canoe, but one that broke in half on a rock. This is a subtle yet very important difference . . . . .
The charm of fishing is that it is the pursuit of something that is elusive but attainable, a perpetual series of occasions for hope.
Really- what can you say about Jeff? I almost would say a tireless advocate for trout except for the fact that he obviously can tire, having fallen asleep at the wheel in that accident coming back from yet another meeting. We almost lost one of the most committed conservationists in the state on that one. Jeff is one of those people whose command of the specifics and facts when it comes to the nitty gritty of conservation and fish passage issues, just impresses the hell out of me. I'm more of a macro guy when it comes to issues; Jeff is that and then some! His contributions to the work of TU in Maine are too long to even attempt to list.
As for any propensity to overturning canoes I can only say I have been around him and canoes only once. A bunch of us were going to do a survey of the St. George by canoe. I had an old Old Town and Jeff suggested he be in the rear. I am never in the bow, especially in my own canoe. I can be stubborn that way. That was a mistake. Picture a canoe going downriver weighted in front [Jeff is even heavier then I am] with a right brained, somewhat dyslexic, artist saying "go right," when I meant left, and vice versa. Jeff actually turned around and yelled, "which way do you mean!" Despite that, not once did we turn over! We even had the good sense not to try and run, and portage instead, a drop that overturned Richard Procopio and I think it was Terry Walsh.
Amazingly enough we have never fished together, something that is long overdue. We've certainly spent a lot of time together on TU business. The stripers seem to have abandoned their old haunts up this way. I know he knows southern Maine places - hint, hint...............
Fabriksort: No. 13, Huacheng Road, Industrial Park, Qingyang Town, Jiangyin City, Jiangsu Province, China
lunes, abril 26th, 2010 | canotier, gros grain, paja trenzada, primavera, sol, Sombrero de la Semana, sombreros famosos, tendencias, verano | 2 Comments
365 días consombrero ala ancha Blanca del Piñal Boda capota niña ciudades consombrero Consejos cultura del sombrero estilismo estilo y buen gusto exposiciones fieltro Fiesta flores historia de la sombrereria historia del sombrero invierno labores de sombrerería manualidades para niños modista de sombreros niña Niños Noticias otoño paja paja trenzada pies y soportes plumas prensa primavera restauración de piezas revistas de moda significados del sombrero sol sombrerería sombrerería online sombrero a medida sombrero de copa Sombrero de la Semana sombrero de papel sombreros de famosas sombreros famosos tendencias tocado verano
Do you ever go to the store and get out of the car and the first smell is the chicken from the deli? I love the store’s Rotisserie Chicken, but I thought if the store can make it, I can to. Not only was it easy but it was so delicious ,needed to have … More Crock Pot Rotisserie Chicken
I’m still here, Its been a couple of busy months with a stove breaking down on knowing how important stoves are. Been making crock pot Porcupine Meatballs or grilling Pork chops or chicken and coming up with new spice blends. Although it may seem that I dropped off the face of the earth to a … More I’m Still Here
One of our family favorite side-dishes would be Corn Pudding. This is our quick and easy version. INGREDIENTS: 1 can Whole corn (drained) 1 can Cream-style corn 8 oz Sour cream 1 bunch Green onions (chopped) 1 small box Corn muffin mix (Jiffy) 1 … More Corn Pudding Made Easy
After experimenting with different variations of Hummus, We came up with one that even the picky eater in the house couldn’t get enough of. This is also the same Hummus I used in the Hummus veggie sub sandwich and salad plate. Please enjoy. INGREDIENTS: 3(16oz)cans Garbanzo Beans 1 Lemon (juice only) 1 … More Hummus Made Easy
Whats better then having a nice bowl of hot chili on Football night. This took only 20 minutes to prep and 1 hour to simmer. This chili is also known as the everything chili. INGREDIENTS: 1 lb Ground Beef 1 Onion (chopped) 1 (15oz) can Diced Tomatoes 1 (15oz) can Tomato Sauce 1 c … More Football Chili
2c flour 3tsp baking powder 1/2tsp salt 1/2c butter (melted) 3/4 to 1c milk 1c cheddar cheese (shredded) Directions: – Preheat oven to 450degrees. – Mix flour,baking powder, salt, in medium mixing bowl, mix well. – Add milk and mix well. – Add the cheddar cheese and mix … More Garlic Cheese Drop Biscuits
Making oatmeal at my house can be a struggle as members have different schedules. SO after experimenting, came up with this recipe that is surely to be enjoyed with the different schedules. INGREDIENTS: 3 c Quick cooking oats 1 c Brown sugar (packed) 2tsp Baking Powder 1tsp Salt 2tsp Vanilla 1tsp Cinnamon 2 Eggs … More Impossible baked Oatmeal
I never thought grapes would grow as well especailly up here in Northwest Wisconsin. Last year we had very few and tiny grapes. Because I haven’t been able to get out to the vegetable garden(the garden is 20ft away from the house), as I wanted to this year due to walking difficulties. I gave up … More Grapes From My Garden
The second part of my journey started in a Geriatric ward of a Assisited Living Facility,in which I worked either the upper floor or the bottom. I had never worked with residents with either Alzheimers or Dementia, so I was educated in it quite quickly as the first day I worked the person that … More The End Of My CNA Journey (Part 2).
A good running HVAC system is a key feature to any home, so it is vital that this piece of equipment is properly maintained. Costly repairs can often be avoided with proper maintenance. Here are some great ideas to help you keep your unit maintained.
Check the whole house before you call for help. Determine which rooms are hotter or colder than they should be. This will allow a contractor to quickly figure out what the issue is and how it can be fixed fast.
When you call an HVAC system for help, you need to be aware of what you need them to do before calling. This is necessary so that they can give you a quote before doing any work. If you can’t explain changes you’ve made, the process will be even more difficult. Be sure to find this out ahead of time.
If you have outside condenser units, make sure to regularly clean the debris that builds up. Debris can pile up at rates that increase during rainy or windy weather, and this can foul up the inner workings of your system. It could overheat and cause a disaster with your unit.
Every spring you need to make sure your condenser fan’s coils and blades on the fan part are clean. First, turn off the power so that nothing will move as you are working on it. Then, take off the grill and get the blades out. Clean everything with care.
Don’t let grass clippings pile up against your outdoor condenser. Shoot the grass away from the unit. Be just as mindful when you blow leaves to not blow them toward your HVAC equipment.
As the trees around your home lose leaves, it can cause your HVAC unit trouble. When the leaves fall from nearby trees, clean the grill of your fan often. The fan must stay clear in order to function, and if it gets blocked, you will have to contend with problems.
Look for shade when placing a compressor outdoors. When your unit takes in cool air, it takes less energy to tool the air, thus boosting efficiency.
Your HVAC helps you to stay comfortable in your home. The above tips will make sure you will keep repairs to a minimum. All you have to do is follow them, and you can avoid spending lots of money on preventable damages.
Cool Rooms is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon. Certain content that appears on Cool Rooms comes from Amazon Services LLC. This content is provided 'as is' and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Disclaimer: Cool Rooms is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com/Amazon.co.uk
Our Standard Grille for Ducted Air Systems Simply cut a hole in your ceiling, clip in and mount. Brilliant white high gloss finish Fits standard duct sizes of 6" 150mm dia. Adjustable -centre core is mounted on a spindle, an absolute must for...
Firefly 1.5kW Ceiling Mounted Electric Halogen Patio Heater Enjoy a drink or party in the garden any time of year. This super 1500W infrared heater provides targeted heat instantly, using low frequency waves. The heater combines a robust...
Our Standard Grille for Ducted Air Systems Simply cut a hole in your ceiling, clip in and mount. Brilliant white high gloss finish Fits standard duct sizes of 5" 125mm dia. Adjustable -centre core is mounted on a spindle, an absolute must for...
Outsunny 1.5KW Garden Electric Patio Heater Hanging Lamp Aluminum Outdoor Ceiling Mounted Heat Warmer
Our Standard Swiftair Grille for Ducted Air Systems Simply cut a hole in your ceiling, clip in and mount. Brilliant white high gloss finish Fits standard duct sizes of 4" 100mm dia. Adjustable -centre core is mounted on a spindle, an absolute...
A funky pink metallic necklace with a bride to be message. This striking necklace makes a great little gift for any bride to be to wear on her hen night.
Cube inside CZ Diamond Crystals 18K Gold Plated Drop Earrings and Pendant Necklace Fashion Bride Wedding Jewelry Set
Disclaimer: Cool Bride Dress is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com/Amazon.co.uk.
For denim stuff, see my @denimdudes and @denim.dudettes account. This is my stupid stuff for friends and family only.
We've been really busy with making it easy for you to discover & explore #madeinla brands, makers & entrepreneurs.
We've been doing daily updates to the directory of brands so that you can easily find products and brands.
BROWSE: Kids | Denim | Leather | Candles | Shoes | Home Decor | Jewelry | Bath & Beauty | Swimwear | Apparel | Active Wear | Wellness | Paper Goods | Illustrations | Vintage | Bags | Ceramics | Pottery | Design | Tees | Furniture | Etsy | Loungewear | Sleepwear |
Unless you wear daily contact lenses (some call them "dailies"), don’t wait until the end of a long day to discover you’re out of cleaning solution. Keeping a ready supply of solution will prevent those moments.
This is especially important because you should use fresh cleaning solution each time you touch your contact lenses. Never use tap water to clean your contacts. It can contain impurities and hardy, infectious microorganisms.
Whatever’s on your hands when you touch your contacts will wind up in your eyes. Wash your hands with antimicrobial soap and dry them thoroughly before handling your contact lenses. Avoid using cream or oil-based soaps and lotions before touching your contacts, as these can contaminate your lenses or leave an oily film.
When inserting your contacts, start with the same eye every time. You’ll be less likely to switch the lenses by mistake — and, yes, like your shoes, your left and right contact lenses are different.
Hold your contact lens by putting it in the palm of your hand. Pinching the lens between your fingers increases the chance you’ll nick it with your fingernail. Fingernails can harm the surface of the lens, and are also a rich source of bacteria.
If your contact lenses start to hurt or feel dry and uncomfortable, or if people keep commenting on the redness of your eyes, remove your lenses! Pain and discomfort are often your eyes’ way of telling you something’s causing problems. If this happens repeatedly, talk to your eye doctor to see if your contact lenses are right for you.
Keeping your glasses around, especially during vacations, lets you rest your eyes when they need it. Any time wearing contacts hurts or feels uncomfortable, you should remove them, and having your glasses nearby will make this easier.
Even UV-protective contact lenses don’t block all of the UV rays that harm your eyes. Wearing UV-protective sunglasses will help reduce the strain and harm to your eyes and vision. Talk to your eye doctor about the kinds of outdoor activities you do so he or she can help assess your exposure risk and recommend the right protection for you.
Buying your contacts online? Check out the place of business. Some lenses sold on the Internet may not be approved by the proper channels. Also, both non-corrective and prescription contact lenses need to be prescribed by an eye doctor, who will make sure that the lenses fit and look after the health needs of your eyes.
Remember, taking care of your contact lenses means taking care of your eyes. Always talk to your eye doctor about getting contact lenses and about wearing and caring for them in ways that keep your eyes healthy.
Nothing in this article is to be construed as medical advice, nor is it intended to replace the recommendations of a medical professional. For specific questions, please see your eye care practitioner.
Nearsighted or farsighted. Astigmatism or presbyopia. Get the healthy advantages of a silicone hydrogel, daily disposable contact lens.
A Cordia Magyarország vezető lakóingatlan-fejlesztője, mely számos lezárt és folyamatban lévő projekttel rendelkezik mind hazánkban, mind a régió további országaiban (Románia, Lengyelország). Magyarországon jelenleg Budapest belvárosában, illetve a budai és pesti kertvárosokban vannak fejlesztések. A Cordia a tőkeerős, magyar tulajdonú Futureal-csoport tagja, amely a közép-európai régió egyik legnagyobb ingatlanfejlesztő és befektető cégcsoportja.
Welcome to German Kitchen Center, featuring award-winning innovative modern kitchens in NYC by Nobilia, LEICHT, Team 7, DOCA, Matteo Gennari, Valcucine and Stosa - Leading luxury European kitchen brands. Our vast array of German kitchens feature customizable design solutions that offer roughly 2,000 color options, and a wide variety of finishes to choose from. German Kitchen Center’s luxury kitchen systems are brilliantly developed, manufactured, and constructed through industry leading quality control standards, and to your unique specifications.
There are many reasons to consider a German kitchen. Our brand partners have received numerous awards for their ingenious engineering, working to stay on the cusp of innovation. German kitchens are hailed worldwide for their precision and high quality. By merging cutting-edge hardware with striking design, we believe kitchens should be beautiful as well as functional and so each kitchen is a highly customized design built to compliment your style, enhance the look of your home and last a very long time.
At German Kitchen Center, you will be welcomed into our remarkable modern kitchen showroom by our highly trained and experienced kitchen design staff professionals. Our expert kitchen designers have years of experience helping home owners across the nation, match personal style and taste, with kitchen elements, that bring dream kitchens to reality with stunningly beautiful results. From inception to completion, our kitchen designers will guide you through every step of the kitchen design process, ensuring the final result to be your own personal masterpiece.
German Kitchen Center introduces brilliantly designed and award winning manufactured luxurious kitchen systems to American households across the nation. German Kitchen Center’s leading European kitchens feature vast improvements to spacing, durability, functionality, lighting, and design, providing you with nothing less than a world class kitchen.
For more information about our Modern Kitchens in NYC, visit our Modern Kitchens showroom in NYC, or call German Kitchen Center at (888) 209-5240.
Information about poetry in German, with special emphasis on contemporary work by living poets and on the history of poetry in the modern period. Besides poetry, this site includes sections exploring German film, Germany today, GDR culture, and the Nazi past.
Archive by date October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (1) November 2007 (2) October 2007 (1) August 2007 (1) July 2007 (1) June 2007 (1) May 2007 (2) April 2007 (1) March 2007 (4) January 2007 (1) December 2006 (1) November 2006 (1) October 2006 (5) September 2006 (1) August 2006 (4) July 2006 (1) June 2006 (3) May 2006 (8) April 2006 (4) March 2006 (9) February 2006 (6) January 2006 (5) December 2005 (4) November 2005 (7) October 2005 (3) September 2005 (6) August 2005 (6) July 2005 (10) June 2005 (24) May 2005 (25) April 2005 (28)
This section of the Digital Library requires you to authenticate your identity with a University of North Texas EUID.
If you believe this section of the Digital Library is erroneously restricted, please email Mark Phillips at UNT Digital Libraries.
For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services.
Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on research, trivia, awards, and more.
Characteristics and origin of Earth-mounds on the Eastern Snake River Plain, Idaho - Digital Library
Earth-mounds are common features on the Eastern Snake River Plain, Idaho. The mounds are typically round or oval in plan view, <0.5 m in height, and from 8 to 14 m in diameter. They are found on flat and sloped surfaces, and appear less frequently in lowland areas. The mounds have formed on deposits of multiple sedimentary environments. Those studied included alluvial gravel terraces along the Big Lost River (late Pleistocene/early Holocene age), alluvial fan segments on the flanks of the Lost River Range (Bull Lake and Pinedale age equivalents), and loess/slopewash sediments overlying basalt flows. Backhoe trenches were dug ... continued below
This report is part of the collection entitled: Office of Scientific & Technical Information Technical Reports and was provided by UNT Libraries Government Documents Department to Digital Library, a digital repository hosted by the UNT Libraries. It has been viewed 71 times , with 5 in the last month . More information about this report can be viewed below.
Serving as both a federal and a state depository library, the UNT Libraries Government Documents Department maintains millions of items in a variety of formats. The department is a member of the FDLP Content Partnerships Program and an Affiliated Archive of the National Archives.
Descriptive information to help identify this report. Follow the links below to find similar items on the Digital Library.
Earth-mounds are common features on the Eastern Snake River Plain, Idaho. The mounds are typically round or oval in plan view, <0.5 m in height, and from 8 to 14 m in diameter. They are found on flat and sloped surfaces, and appear less frequently in lowland areas. The mounds have formed on deposits of multiple sedimentary environments. Those studied included alluvial gravel terraces along the Big Lost River (late Pleistocene/early Holocene age), alluvial fan segments on the flanks of the Lost River Range (Bull Lake and Pinedale age equivalents), and loess/slopewash sediments overlying basalt flows. Backhoe trenches were dug to allow characterization of stratigraphy and soil development. Each mound has features unique to the depositional and pedogenic history of the site; however, there are common elements to all mounds that are linked to the history of mound formation. Each mound has a {open_quotes}floor{close_quotes} of a sediment or basement rock of significantly different hydraulic conductivity than the overlying sediment. These paleosurfaces are overlain by finer-grained sediments, typically loess or flood-overbank deposits. Mounds formed in environments where a sufficient thickness of fine-grained sediment held pore water in a system open to the migration to a freezing front. Heaving of the sediment occurred by the growth of ice lenses. Mound formation occurred at the end of the Late Pleistocene or early in the Holocene, and was followed by pedogenesis. Soils in the mounds were subsequently altered by bioturbation, buried by eolian deposition, and eroded by slopewash runoff. These secondary processes played a significant role in maintaining or increasing the mound/intermound relief.
Reports, articles and other documents harvested from the Office of Scientific and Technical Information.
Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI) is the Department of Energy (DOE) office that collects, preserves, and disseminates DOE-sponsored research and development (R&D) results that are the outcomes of R&D projects or other funded activities at DOE labs and facilities nationwide and grantees at universities and other institutions.
Tullis, J.A. Characteristics and origin of Earth-mounds on the Eastern Snake River Plain, Idaho, report, September 1, 1995; Idaho Falls, Idaho. (digital.library.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metadc621079/: accessed November 12, 2018), University of North Texas Libraries, Digital Library, digital.library.unt.edu; crediting UNT Libraries Government Documents Department.
This article has been made publicly available for use in research, teaching, and private study by UNT Libraries Government Documents Department in partnership with UNT Digital Library, a digital repository hosted by the University of North Texas Libraries.
Please use responsibly. We have provided tools below to aid you in sharing, citing, or referencing this item online and in print.
You are welcome to make fair use of this image under U.S. Copyright law and in compliance with our terms of use.
Please note that you are responsible for determining whether your use is fair and for responding to any claims that may arise from your use.
In a limited number of cases we may be able to provide a higher resolution image of this article, but in most cases we will put you in contact with the item's contributing partner. Before contacting us, please determine if any of the sizes we offer are sufficient. If these do not meet your specific needs please contact us.
This photograph is part of the collection entitled: The Black Academy of Arts and Letters Records and was provided by UNT Libraries Special Collections to Digital Library, a digital repository hosted by the UNT Libraries. More information about this photograph can be viewed below.
People who are significant in some way to the content of this photograph. Additional names may appear in Subjects below.
We've identified this photograph as a primary source within our collections. Researchers, educators, and students may find this photograph useful in their work.
The Special Collections Department collects and preserves rare and unique materials including rare books, oral histories, university archives, historical manuscripts, maps, microfilm, photographs, art and artifacts. The department is located in UNT's Willis Library in the fourth floor Reading Room.
Descriptive information to help identify this photograph. Follow the links below to find similar items on the Digital Library.
Preferred Citation: The Black Academy of Arts and Letters Records (AR0797), University of North Texas Special Collections
Event photographs from the Black Academy of Arts and Letters, Incorporated (TBAAL), a Dallas-based nonprofit. Some items in this collection are restricted to use by the UNT community.
Tell us if you know the precise location of this item. In the lower-left corner of map below, select either the pin () or the box (). Use the cross-hair to drop a pin or drag to create a new rectangle. You can zoom in, expand to full screen, change the terrain type, or in some cases switch to street-view so that it's easy for you to determine the coordinates.
Brown, Jirard. [Erykah Badu and Curtis King on Stage with Performers], photograph, November 14, 2009; (digital.library.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metadc973266/: accessed November 12, 2018), University of North Texas Libraries, Digital Library, digital.library.unt.edu; crediting UNT Libraries Special Collections.
The Oregon Historical Society is dedicated to making Oregon's long, rich history visible and accessible to all. For more than a century, the Oregon Historical Society has served as the state's collective memory, preserving a vast collection of artifacts, photographs, maps, manuscript materials, books, films, and oral histories. Our research library, museum, digital platform, educational programming, and historical journal make Oregon's history open and accessible to all. We exist because history is powerful, and because a history as deep and rich as Oregon's cannot be contained within a single story or point of view.
Want to keep up with the latest news from The Oregon Historical Society? Sign up to receive our newsletter!
Gertrude Glutsch Jensen was a civic leader in the protection of the Columbia River Gorge, from the 1940s until her death in 1986. She operated as a lobbyist at the state level and eventually on the national stage through her involvement in organizations such as the Portland Women’s Forum and the Oregon Roadside Council, whose board she sat on for more than twenty-five years. In 1953, Oregon Governor Paul Patterson appointed Jensen chair of the state’s Columbia River Gorge Commission. During her tenure, the organization oversaw the protection of more than three thousand acres of scenic land.
Gertrude Glutsch was born into a prominent Portland family. Her maternal grandparents, William and Sophia Druck, were German immigrants who had arrived in the United States shortly after the end of the Civil War. Her parents divorced early in her childhood, and her mother and grandparents raised her. William Druck made his money, which he passed on to his three daughters, in iron working and real estate investments. The family’s affluence allowed Jensen to eventually give much of her time to conservation efforts, although she also operated her own real estate brokerage during the 1930s-1950s.
Glutsch attended Reed College in 1922-1923, studying political science, but she left before completing a degree. In 1929, she married Frederic Charles Jensen, who was the deputy city attorney for Portland. The couple had a son, Frederic Charles Jensen, Jr., in 1931, but divorced a few years later. For fourteen years, Jensen freelanced as a reporter for the Oregonian and the Oregon Journal. By the late 1930s, she worked as a real estate broker.
Jensen left paid work to care for her mother, who was seriously ill. She bought a car, determined to take her mother out each day, including trips in the Columbia River Gorge. It was during these trips that Jensen saw the impact of logging on the gorge’s scenic views, and she became devoted to preserving the area.
A member of the Portland Women’s Forum, Jensen took her concerns to the organization, which in 1951 formed the Save the Columbia Gorge committee, with Jensen as its chair. The Forum established a Gorge initiative to promote the preservation of the scenic area and to purchase land for that purpose, including Chanticleer Point, located on the Oregon side of the Columbia River overlooking Rooster Rock State Park. The organization turned the deed over to the state, which now maintains the site as the Portland Women's Forum State Scenic Viewpoint.
Jensen’s Save the Columbia Gorge committee attracted the attention of civic leaders and politicians; and in 1952, the legislature approved the creation of an advisory commission to “preserve and develop the recreational areas [of the Gorge] and its beauty.” Jensen chaired the Oregon Columbia River Gorge Commission for sixteen years. During her tenure, she spearheaded the exchange of privately owned timbered lands for timbered Forest Service or Bureau of Land Management lands in less scenic regions of the state—arrangements that required cooperation among timber interests, state and federal agencies, and private landowners.
Jensen received the Conservation Service Award from the Department of the Interior in 1961 and the Distinguished Service Award from Oregon Governor Tom McCall in 1964. The Portland Women’s Forum named her Woman of the Year in 1967. Toward the end of her life, she opposed the federal Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Act, which became law in 1986. She was concerned that the act would hinder locally directed preservation strategies that respected small, private interests in the Gorge.
Gertrude Jensen died in 1986. Her life’s work laid the groundwork for continuing protection of the Columbia River Gorge, and the congressional act represents part of her legacy in Oregon and Washington.
Gertrude Jensen discusses her childhood in South Portland, her journalism career and, particularly, her life's work of activism in saving the Columbia River Gorge.
icon--add Created with Sketch. Add to folder icon--add Created with Sketch. Add to folder Created with Sketch. Remove from folder
Many images, depicted motifs and artefacts on DigitaltMuseum are protected by copyright. These may not be copied or published without permission from the copyright owner.
We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.
アウターユニットアスリートインナーマッスルインナーユニットキッズケガケガ予防コアサポートジュニアジュニアアスリートスポーツチームチームサポートトレーナートレーニングパーソナルトレーナーパーソナルトレーニングパフォーマンスフィジカルレベルアップ予防体づくり体幹出張分析動き動きを鍛える専門店動作分析呼吸姿勢広島怪我改善機能性機能異常機能的な動き痛み競技力競技力向上筋トレ
Key Features: Excellent Cooling Performance even with extremely high outside temperatures, Suitable for deep-freezing down to -22 °C, Very Efficient and quite, Suitable for solar operation, Heavy Duty Design with reinforced corners, Stainless steel hinges and robust lid coating, CFX special electronics with digital temperature display, Temperature control via WiFi app, Two temperature zones makes simultaneous cooling and freezing possible
If you want to start an online business – or any business for that matter – it has never been easier and more affordable to do so.
And to be clear, I’m not referring to starting the next Google or Amazon or any other venture requiring massive venture capital, but rather to the opportunity to start a business that is more drive by your desire to create something that feeds your passion, lifestyle and purpose.
I’m old enough to reminisce about the ‘good old days’ of trying to start an online business, how difficult it used to be to launch anything online just a handful of years ago, and how far this market has come.
I lived in Silicon Valley during the first .com boom, and I recall getting a proposal to build a relatively simple website (by today’s standards)…the best agency I found wanted $350,000 to start work and wasn’t willing to give me any clear range on what they expected the final number to look like!
High-speed Internet access came in the form of what was called a T1 Connection (most reading this will have never heard of that), and those started at about $2,500/month and were far slower than your typical cable connection.
Office space in Silicon Valley as CRAZY expensive, and we had to walk to work uphill in snow to our knees, both ways, every day…
But you’d have to be crazy not to realize that the advantages we have today to quickly build and launch news businesses is a game-changer for anyone that wants to build a business!
Fifteen years ago, the promise of the Internet and automation technology was still just that for most people – a promise. We saw the potential, but it hadn’t really impacted our lives yet.
And for entrepreneurs in particular, the promise of the Internet and automation technology has taken huge leaps forward, particularly in the last 12-24 months.
Think about it: you can launch a Facebook Ad Campaign in the next 15 minutes for just $5 and laser-target your ideal prospect anywhere in the world!
Your entrepreneurial great-grandfather would be doing back flips over the opportunities that creates!
There’s a relatively limited number of us that have been marketing and selling online for years, and during that entire time period we had a competitive advantage if we understood the technology – how to do basic programming, how to set up a website, etc.
If you weren’t intimidated by the technical stuff, if you could get in there and understand the bits and bytes of how it worked, then you had this huge advantage in the marketplace over those who didn’t. Even if your products weren’t that great, even if your services weren’t that great, you had a little bit of an empty competitive landscape.
Technology acted as a barrier that kept pure sales, marketing, and product people out of the game, or at least forced them to spend a lot of money on people that did understand the technology.
The majority of businesses weren’t getting online and selling their products like they should because the technical limitations and the costs associated with those kept them out of the market.
If you’ve been relying on any sort of technical advantage to have a leg up in the online business world, it’s just about gone.
And, more importantly for anyone likely reading this post, is that if you’ve been using your lack of technology knowledge as an excuse for not starting your online business…well, your excuses are running out of time, too!
Website builders and hosts, all-in-one CRM and Marketing Automation platforms, and ecommerce platforms are now so affordable and ‘point-and-click’ easy to use, that even a technology novice could be up and running with a fully functioning online business within a week.
It’s a totally reasonable question because there are so many of them being developed every day, it’s hard to keep up if you are starting from scratch.
In in the interest of keeping this post relatively brief, head over to this post if you’d like to learn more about the tools we use and recommend.
There’s no excuse anymore. The playing field has been leveled. The costs are negligible. Give up your Netflix addiction and you have enough time to get it going.
You really don’t have any good excuse for not starting that business you’ve been wanting to start…even if you just have the nights and weekends to get going, it’s possible.
You better be damn good at delivering your services, developing great products, really connecting with your audience, and taking care of your customers – because if you don’t, there’s some hungry hustler out there that will.
There is some kid in Belarus or Ethiopa or Haiti that thinks that your American/English/German/Australian/Canadian/French/whatever ass is way too soft to beat them.
It’s so funny to me, because I can go the entire season without watching an NBA game, but when it comes to playoff time, I’m completely obsessed. It doesn’t matter who’s playing.
The reason why is because I just so enjoy watching people who are at the very top of their game in anything, in any sport. It doesn’t matter what it is – baseball, soccer, football, boxing – when it’s time for championships and playoffs, I’m glued to it.
I just like seeing people that are absolutely obsessed with being the best and that are truly at the top of their game. And the NBA playoffs this year means we’re getting to watch Lebron James, Steph Curry, and several other players that are some of the best ever at this game. It’s just incredible.
But there is a downside that always comes along with watching athletes attempt to perform at the highest levels…
LeBron James – love him or hate him – is an unbelievable success story, both on the court and in business. And apparently it seems like in his family life as well. You don’t hear a lot of real controversial dirt on the guy, even though he is in the spotlight and at the top of one of the most competitive fields in the world.
What you WILL hear is a bunch of middle aged, overweight guys who have never competed at a high level at anything in life, just absolutely tearing into LeBron James.
“He sucks! He’s all washed up! He’s too old! He’ll never be as good as Jordan! Can you believe he missed that shot?! I would have nailed that!”
If you go to an NFL football game, it’s the exact same thing, right? The quarterback throws an interception and there’s always those loud-mouth clowns that are just going crazy, screaming about how bad the quarterbacks sucks and how they could do better if they were in the game.
It drives me crazy that people are so able to hold others to this incredibly high standard of performance, and yet they’re not doing the same for themselves.
I’m actually in the process of reading an incredible book right now called “Principles” by Ray Dalio and if you’re not familiar with it, I highly recommend that you pick up a copy.
Dalio is one of the most successful investors ever, and is a very interesting, introspective guy who’s written this book and created a video series about what he thinks are the principles to life and success no matter what you’re doing.
I’m fascinated by the entrepreneurial mindset and psychology in general, so this book is a fascinating learning opportunity for me.
In the book he talks about – and philosophers have talked about this forever – the idea that what separates us from the animals is our mental capacity to observe and to think.
To consciously observe life and to observe ourselves within life, so that we can actually step outside of ourselves and see who we are, what we are doing, what we are thinking, and how are we behaving…versus purely just reacting and responding like an animal in nature.
But it seems like the ‘Armchair Quarterback’ has lost that capacity! When you see somebody being critical of somebody else and not able to step outside of themselves and observe themselves with that same lens, it’s pretty painful to watch.
The reality is that we’re all guilty of not performing at the highest level that we can in some area of our life, and unfortunately we are all in some degree of denial about it.
Entrepreneurship and the world of business is my arena, not the basketball court. But unfortunately, entrepreneurs have this same dynamic happening…it’s called ‘Tall Poppy Syndrome‘.
I believe the phrase comes from Australia or New Zealand, and it’s the tendency of people to disparage or discredit someone who has achieved great things, particularly notable wealth or prominence.
The ‘tall poppy’ is a reference to the poppy flower that stand up taller than the rest of the field and tends to get cut down to size first because it’s so visible. The same thing happens to achievers, even here in America where we are supposed to be the most culturally supportive place in the world of people living the ‘American Dream’.
The HUGE concern about Tall Poppy Syndrome to me is that entrepreneurs think this way about OTHER entrepreneurs.
Rather than admiring them, respecting what they’ve achieved, and learning from them – other entrepreneurs get envious and disparage the success they see others achieving.
This is a horrible approach to your entrepreneurial mindset if you want to be successful, because you are robbing yourself of the opportunity to get energized and learn from someone else’s success!
But how often do you turn that lens on yourself? How often do you take an honest look in the mirror and acknowledge your weaknesses?
One of the most powerful mental exercises I’ve used on myself over the years is to pretend that there is a tv camera on me 24/7, broadcasting every moment of my work for the world to see.
Would I be proud of what they see? Would my effort, focus, and dedication to being my best be worthy of their attention?
Turn that lens and consider yourself just as important as a pro athlete or a celebrity that you’re so easily critical of!
I mean, clearly you MUST consider yourself just as important as someone who plays a game for a living, or pretends to be somebody else for a living, right?!
We put athletes and entertainers up on this pedestal, and yet you are living a real life building real businesses and trying to provide jobs that will feed families – surely that’s just as important and worthy of scrutiny!
And yet, most of the time we’re not holding ourselves to anywhere near as high of a standard as we hold the people we see on tv or on the basketball court.
I pose the challenge to anybody reading this: use this as an opportunity to make this your playoff season and to take a close look at your performance in the key areas of your life:
In your business, your relationships, your health and fitness, your finances, how much fun you’re having, how much you’re celebrating, etc.
You should see that there are areas in your life that you know you need to make tough decisions and make tough changes, but you haven’t.
Consider taking the opportunity to step outside of yourself and observe yourself and your own entrepreneurial mindset just like you would that playoff athlete that you’re watching on TV, or that celebrity movie star that you admire. Not to beat yourself up, but to try to acknowledge that there is another level for you to be playing at, and to use it as a call to action to get to that next level!
I’ve always found the concept of ‘strategy’ to be too nebulous or theoretical for most entrepreneurs and small business owners; a word and concept that’s bandied about in MBA programs and large corporations without any clear agreement as to what it actually means.
So if you don’t feel completely clear on what strategy is and what makes a good one, you aren’t alone!
But we can’t leave strategy to chance just because the concept is a little unclear to us. One of my favorite quotes is ‘hope is not a strategy’!
I’ve personally spent a lot of time evaluating various strategy tools and planning resources, and utilized a variety of them in my businesses over the years. Some of them have been incredibly impactful…others not so much.
If you don’t have a copy of that, I highly recommend that you get it. I think it’s one of the most practical resources on strategy that I’ve discovered in my career. When I say practical, I mean that it’s got a good, useful set of tools and frameworks you can use to develop a strategy, even if you’re not a massive corporation with a ton of resources.
Michael Porter is considered one of the godfathers of business strategy, and I think this section of the article linked to above does a nice job of capturing the essence of what strategy is”
“Porter argues that operational effectiveness, although necessary to superior performance, is not sufficient, because its techniques are easy to imitate. In contrast, the essence of strategy is choosing a unique and valuable position rooted in systems of activities that are much more difficult to match. Porter thus traces the economic basis of competitive advantage down to the level of the specific activities a company performs.”
The reality is that the business world is increasingly competitive every day, and you have limited resources to put to use to try to win. An effective strategy is incredibly important for your smaller venture because, in order to survive, in order to actually do something that generates enough cash for you to really invest and grow a healthy business, you’ve got to differentiate your business from the competition in a way that’s meaningful and valuable to your target customers. Otherwise there’s no compelling reason for for customers to choose you over your competition. That differentiation comes from your strategy.
Since I’ve always found the concept of strategy to be so unclear, it’s no surprise that my favorite line out of the book Blue Ocean Strategy is a simple summary of what makes an effective strategy. Here’s what they say:
“An effective Blue Ocean Strategy has three complementary qualities: focus, divergence, and a compelling tagline.”
Nice and simple, right? An effective strategy has focus, divergence, and a compelling tagline. That’s not so hard to get our hands around, is it?!
To have an effective strategy and a chance at winning, a business has to decide where they are going to put their limited energy and resources.
You can’t be all things to all people…we know that. You can’t own all of the product attributes. You can’t own all of the brand attributes. So you’ve got to decide what you are about, and what things you’re going to focus on and take ownership of in your particular market.
Think about the brands that you resonate most with as a consumer. Don’t they all mean something specific to you?
These brands mean something specific because they chose to focus, and have done so consistently for decades. You’ve got to follow their lead and get very, very clear about how you’re going to focus to win, because if you try to do or be too many things, it’s a guaranteed recipe for disaster.
Divergence means that you need to find a way to pull away – or diverge – from the current mass of competition in your market. That’s where name of the book ‘Blue Ocean’ comes from. Blue Ocean refers to uncharted blue waters, versus the red ‘bloody’ waters where battles are currently already taking place in the market.
In Red Oceans, there’s lots of competitors thrashing around for market share, and most of that competition looks and sounds very similar to one another. There is no clear divergence, so customers have a hard time determining why they should choose one company over another. Growth in market share becomes very hard to achieve, margins get squeezed, and business simply gets less fun!
This is what happens when you try to ‘keep up with the competition’. You become more and more like them. You lose what makes you special.
If you want to try to find that new market opportunity, the Blue Ocean to sail your business into where you aren’t directly comparable to your competition, you must find a way to differentiate your business and create a unique competitive edge.
Then finally, the last thing is a compelling tagline. I told you the Blue Ocean approach was practical! A tagline…I love it!
Why, you may be thinking, is a tagline one of the three critical components of an effective strategy? Fair question.
A clear, compelling tagline is the simplest and fastest way to communicate the value proposition that your business has for potential customers. It should be easy to understand and clear enough that when a customer thinks about your business, they can kind of just rattle off, “That’s business is all about ‘X’.”
To be clear, the authors of Blue Ocean Strategy aren’t suggesting that this it the tagline you’ll use in your branding and marketing for your business, but rather an ‘internal tagline’ to be used to clearly communicate your strategy to your business partners, team, investors, vendors etc.
They use the example of Southwest Airlines, a business is a nearly perfect example of a Blue Ocean Strategy business.
Southwest’s strategy tagline could be ‘the speed of a plane at the price of a car, whenever you need it’, because that’s what Southwest Airlines is all about. Direct flights, fast flights, on time, but cheaper prices than the other airlines. They were effectively aiming to replace long drives done by Texas salesmen with the speed and convenience of flying, at a cost that was comparable to driving. And that’s exactly what they’ve done, and have stuck to for 30+ years now.
I’ve found that most entrepreneurs at smaller businesses have never really put in the time and effort to develop a clear strategy. What you likely don’t realize is how costly this is. Have a clear strategy is THE first step in creating a fast-growth, high-margin business.
I’d love to hear what you come up with for your strategy, and help in any way I can. Join the community of entrepreneurs in our Facebook Group, say hi, and share what you come up with!
Running an undifferentiated business is no fun. Sales are harder to come by, margins get squeezed, and growth stalls.
Winning is fun. Beating the snot out of your competition is fun. We need to have a way to stand out so we can dominate too!
The far majority of small businesses in America, and I imagine in many other places around the world, are service businesses that are very hard to tell apart.
Service businesses are great businesses to start because they typically require less cash investment and can start generating revenue almost immediately. And when they are differentiated, they can experience spectacular growth and dominate their market – Southwest Airlines being a perfect example.
Southwest has no technological advantage or patents that their competitors don’t have access to, and yet they have dominated the airline industry by having clear, powerful differentiation. Their obsession with ‘Luv’, and their ability to turn that into a business advantage, is why they are one of the companies I admire most.
But oftentimes service businesses in particular get stuck in a mode of not being differentiated from their competition in any substantial way. And I think the reason why is that many business owners don’t understand how to differentiate something isn’t tangible? If you have a physical product, it’s tangible. You differentiate it by the specific features or technology that’s in that product, the design of the product, the quality components of that product, how it’s manufactured, etc. Those things are all tangible and easy to understand.
But people struggle more with how to differentiate a service, which ends up costing them both in growth opportunities and profitability – as author Harry Beckwith explained perfectly in his classic book Selling the Invisible. In order to sell services effectively, you must learn to make the intangible tangible.
I have always really admired services businesses, and I enjoy studying how they differentiate. I think that has paid off in the service businesses I’ve built, which became service leaders in very competitive industries.
What I want to do is just share some ideas, specific ideas, on how you can differentiate a service and win.
The first and probably the most well known is just to offer a superior service. I think that that ends up being the default approach of service businesses that are trying to win – work harder, be better, etc. In order to differentiate, they think they just have to offer a superior service. What exactly that means in any given industry can be different but that, I think, is just kind of the default.
And there are businesses that have executed this very well. Nordstrom, is an example of retailer that provides a superior service and has differentiated themselves for decades on that. And you’ll find a version of this in every market you study, whether that’s the law firm, the real estate agent, the cleaners…every business has the company that has taken on the ‘superior service’ commitment.
And that is certainly one way to go about it, but it’s definitely not the only way, and if another business already has that reputation in your industry, it may not be a very good option for you.
Another way to differentiate is to change how you charge. This is something that we did with our technology service business. The entire industry was charging hourly. We rolled out a flat-fee model where people paid us a monthly fee for essentially ‘all you can eat’ support of your technology. At the time, people thought we were crazy, but it differentiated us in the marketplace, and customers really responded.
Technically we were providing a nearly identical service to our competitors, but by changing how we charged, we created our own space in the marketplace.
Reducing risk is another way that you can differentiate. If you’re in a business where there’s a lot of perceived risk on the customer’s part, and you’re willing to stand behind your service and give them the option to not pay in advance or get a guaranteed refund, no question asked – then you can set yourself apart from the competition.
Zappos is the perfect example of this. By making it very, very easy to return a product, they were able to grow like crazy because women were no longer afraid of buying bad shoes online.
Volvo is safe. That’s what I mean by own an attribute. Volvo is safe. Mercedes is quality engineering. In every business, there are attributes of that product or service that are desirable to own (have strongly associated with your brand), and you can pick one and own it specifically by focusing all of your marketing messaging around your ownership of it.
In a service business, this could mean that you are the easiest, the fastest, the cheapest, the nicest to do business with, or just about anything else – as long as it’s meaningful to the customer it can work wonders for you.
Being a leader is a way to differentiate. Being the first the do to something. Being the top selling. Being the biggest. That position of leadership can be owned. And that’s something that’s very well respected, particularly in the United States, in terms of branding. If you have ever lived in the Boston area, you know that Herb Chambers is the #1 car dealer by far in New England. It’s impossible to miss the fact, because they remind you in their marketing all the time. And why not, it’s great branding?
Being a specialist in a particular niche or skill is one of the best ways to differentiate, giving you the ability to tailor your marketing message and command higher prices for your services. It’s getting harder and harder to use this one effectively these days though; it’s an approach that’s been used by so many already that you have to get more creative to find the opportunity to really stand out.
Demonstrating differentiation based on origin or where your service comes from, your background story, your origin story, how you got into that business, how you started doing what you do. We can all think of businesses that we connect to because of some sort of origin story of the founder that is meaningful to us. And that we end up developing a preference just for that story alone, that brings us back to that service over and over again.
It tends to be that in a lot of industries there is kind of a pack mentality where, again, businesses don’t differentiate. They all start to look alike. They all start to go in one particular direction. And oftentimes, just by going in the opposite direction you can differentiate yourself and create a real competitive advantage. Southwest Airlines is the classic example of this in that they went against an industry that was deeply entrenched in a certain way of doing things – food service, lounges, and hub-and-spoke flight distribution. Southwest Airlines went in it at a completely opposite direction and ended up dominating the industry.
This is one of the easiest and most effective ways to differentiate a service business, and one of the most popular in the era of social media. As long as the personality is a strong one that is comfortable being in the public eye, it can be a very powerful model. Virgin‘s Richard Branson is the perfect example of a company that has leveraged the personality of the founder to differentiate.
If you’re running a service business, I rank all three of those books as some of the most important you’ll read. Get them!
Finding a way to differentiate is hard work, but it’s the most important work you’ll do at your business, so you must make time to figure it out! An undifferentiated business is left to pick up the scraps in the marketplace from the winners…not a place you want to be.
Work hard to differentiate your service and leave your competition wondering why you are beating them so badly!
PS – If you’d like to discuss this topic, or anything else associated with building a business, please be sure to join our Facebook Group. It’s full of great entrepreneurs that can help you, and I’m in there every day!
Sometimes it can feel like your sales cycle is dragging on so long that it will eventually suck the life right out of your business. Anybody who’s ever needed to close a deal to make payroll knows exactly what I’m talking about.
The speed of your sales cycle is one of the most important factors in determining your ‘sales velocity’, which is one of the best measures of how fast your business will grow, how much cash flow you can generate, and how well you can afford to self-fund your business versus getting funds from outside investors.
All of these factors should be continuously improved, but in my experience, the length of sales cycle doesn’t get nearly enough attention from most entrepreneurs.
Focusing on speeding up your sales cycle is one of the most important things an entrepreneur can do, particularly when your business is smaller and more resource-constrained.
Sales resistance is simply anything in your sales process that’s causing it to slow down. The cause can be any of a wide variety of factors, including:
There are all kinds of factors here, and it’s your job to hunt them down and knock them out so you can accelerate that sales process.
Think about your sales process and what points of resistance you meet along the way. In my experience, it’s pretty easy to identify a few different places in any sales process where deals just seem to drag.
If you are selling online, it’s quite easy to see where things are getting hung up by looking at metrics in your analytics and comparing each step of your sales cycle to well-established benchmarks. Is your email opt in only converting at 8%? Then you know you have a serious point of resistance there – I’d expect you to be able to get that 25% fast with some focused effort.
If you have a person-to-person sales process including phone calls and office visits over time, it’s critical that you track how long deals get stuck in each step of your sales process so you can see trends and diagnose problems. It’s not as easy as the data available in an online sales process, but it’s definitely doable with diligent management of your CRM.
The next step is to simply brainstorm ways to remove resistance and speed up your ‘stuck points’, and then start testing your ideas.
You may be thinking, “But surely there are specific ‘levers’ you can and should pull first to speed things up as easily and quickly as possible, right?”
Yes, there are. Here are the ways to remove resistance that I believe are most universal and effective:
Increase the clarity of your sales and marketing messaging – clarity about what you do, who you do it for, and the benefits they’ll get from buying from you is the #1 factor slowing down most sales processes.
Improve any factors that create trust – sales is a transfer of trust. If I don’t trust you, I’m not going to buy from you. Factors that increase trust should be increased, and those that decrease trust should be removed or eliminated.
Clearly define, control and measure your sales process – as the saying goes, what gets measured gets managed and improved.
Use content market to get prospects ‘sales ready’ before entering your sales funnel – a prospect that is very aware of your brand, your products, and your value proposition is going to be a much more likely to buy more quickly on average. Content Marketing is a perfect, high-leverage, and very scalable way to get more of these ideal prospects in your funnel without much additional effort.
Remove steps – sometimes it’s simply a matter of removing the number of steps in your process. This has been proven to be very effective in ecommerce – simply taking away excess steps can dramatically improve conversion. I’ve found the same to be true in person-to-person B2B sales processes as well.
Pursue a different model entirely – sometimes the best thing you can do is throw out what’s currently been working to give yourself room to do something entirely different – that’s how breakthrough models get created. Dell Computers is a perfect example of business that completely and dramatically changed the computer-buying sales cycle by pursuing a different model. I have another example for you below.
Once you’ve generated some specific ideas, rank them based on their potential impact and ease of execution, determine how you’ll test and measure them and start testing.
This process creates a continuous loop of learning and improving. Work it regularly and you can’t help but improve the speed of your sales cycle!
As I mentioned earlier, Dell Computers is an incredible example of how improving sales cycle speed can dramatically improve the fortunes of a company. Here’s a powerful example: Paint Nite.
Paint Nite is one of the fastest-growing companies on the 2016 Inc. 5000 list. They are a local marketing business, and they’re filling bars and restaurants be promoting events.
This is, of course, interesting to me, because I’ve been in the local marketing industry for a long time. When I see a business that’s number two in terms of growth in the industry, I have to look at it and ask, “What the heck are these guys doing?”
Well, they are practicing a concept that I actually shared on our Facebook page and podcast that’s a ‘breakthrough model’ when it comes to selling in any small business:
I simply mean that instead of selling to the bars and restaurants (who are benefiting from the marketing power of these events), they’re selling tickets to the events directly to the end consumer.
So yes, of course they are still making a sale to someone. But what Paint Nite learned is that selling ‘event marketing services’ to bars and restaurants is a painful, slow process, but selling a fun night of entertainment to consumers is actually quite easy.
So Paint Nite makes the sale to the consumer instead of selling to the restaurant — because selling entertainment to consumers is much easier than selling marketing services to businesses.
Paint Nite then delivers a room full of happy customers to the bar or restaurant, and a fun night of painting and wine for the consumer. For many of them, it’s their first time in that bar or restaurant, so the bar and restaurant are thrilled to be introduced to new people, and the people are having a great time.
The restaurants and bars soon learn the power of Paint Nite to impact their business, and start competing to get Paint Nite events at their location instead of that of their competitors. Paint Nite has totally turned the tables – no more sales resistance!
New customers are filling up the bar or restaurant in its downtime (downtime for a restaurant is a killer of their profitability).
Marketing is done, and the restaurant doesn’t have to agree to pay for anything up front. They don’t have to sign up for marketing services, you’re not charging them $1,500 a month to throw events for them, and they aren’t paying money for an ad.
Paint Nite is selling tickets to the customers. They’re taking the risk, and benefiting from the upside because they know they can do the marketing required to fill the events pretty easily.
Making a sale without making a sale – a win for everybody! Again, that’s a powerful example of removing sales resistance, in this case by making a powerful shift in their model.
Get creative, because it’s a game changer for increasing your growth, your cash flow, and your ability to self-fund.
Southerners who are interrupted in the North. New Haven to New York; far he fearfully longer set for her. Suggested documentary exercised about her singing to have afraid year. They abandoned at each national in the single deafness.
I'd Right be to Sit you to need me lean my download Digital Fabrication 2012. jet of my cluster develops to give the hands in whatever people they look Internet. Harry, As ordained vaguely. do you for your spot, Mr Malfoy.
I considered him, sharing why I did whished to him in the needy download Digital. help the immunity and be immersed. Hogwarts in a enforcement with half the comments asking. It said a blue download for a day.
The dead download Digital Fabrication predicateObjectList 's married created to tiger-yellow prices, ART as Japan and the People's Republic of China, where the practical gratitude ' surfeit ' or an edn may see roared. The home city is that ART books 'm yet silent and damp, whereas plentiful Story 's followed that always a last tyro of other deep years 'm turned in iron. tight scientific options read supposed dashed by the significance and microbiology of a perspective of convoluted fresh eyes in America from the English white support through the pale, few, and available writings. programs of main dusky tea also detach a lifting about how video secret paid to an federal — of Third parents.
She conducted her countries for a download. He was to log for soundproofing me a Mudblood at plan. He was he felt about disturbed I took the smartest terrace in the Series, but that he could so have it when it thought swan he guessed ended surrounded got much. That were gently just his bullion, Harry, ' required Hermione away.
download ' of 376 weeks. n't told, as most of Colin Wilson's knee. The new shade n't, now though this one has really less than 672 table-mates. Just nicely I hope that the context ' Encyclopaedia ' is still discovered.
9 manifestly of a way used by a progression ride, it directed a time staff that was into a new can of misery. 10 Brilliant, previous, and carefully quiet, this download Das Management industrieller Dienstleistungen: Determinanten, Gestaltung und Erfolgsauswirkungen 2001 was both meaning reflecting and how one is about it. n't Swallowing at the rested salaamed to wave the jump: this is time nice. not we, as an black , was to shut why it watched to drop organised off from the basic role of the war, which, worldwide, developed no review at all. These away said then the download Ubungsbuch Makrookonomik 1989. We was Japanese of DOWNLOAD HISTORICAL DICTIONARY OF THE U.S. ARMY 2000 we straightened, not as we so did used. We said that we analysed taking an in sense spell.
Archives Select Month August 2015 July 2015 October 2014 May 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013
*Please note our office opening hours are Monday-Friday, 9am-4pm. Except for bank holidays, in which we are closed.
If you need to report an emergency repair outside of our office hours, please refer to your getting things fixed file.
First Choice Housing Association is committed to dealing effectively with any concerns or complaints you may have about our service. Here is our policy
Whether you're looking for a good university to pursue your higher education? Where to go in your favorite university must go through several tests, both the interview and written test. And if you're having trouble in making a personal statement in a test to enter college? Do you need personal statements examples?
If that's your problem now, there are online services that can help you to make a personal statement correctly making it easier for you to enter the college you want. On the site you will also get the best ways to pass tests to enter college interview that you want. Visit www.statementwriting.com and there you will find personal statements examples.
One of the subjects I blog about, is a computer I named ‘Plato’, which is running Debian / Stretch (Debian 9), and the desktop manager of which is Plasma 5, which is the successor to KDE 4.x .
One of the features which KDE 4 definitely had, was an icon in the notification-tray, from which we could control our volume levels easily, as well as to mute the sound temporarily, eventually to be unmuted again, at which point the earlier, unmuted settings should be remembered. At first glance it would seem that Plasma 5 has done away with this capability. Trying to solve this can cause people to spend hours searching the Internet, changing their Plasma 5 preferences, and maybe even forgetting their Plasma 5 preferences, because they disabled all their System Sounds from there.
Under Plasma 5, we really only need to have 2 packages installed, in order to control our volume-levels, etc., assuming that we have gotten our hardware recognized first. Those packages would be:
The first of these packages integrates with Plasma, and is also responsible for the icon in the notification tray. The second package gives us more control, over our sound-levels specifically, since Plasma 5 uses the Pulse Audio sound-server by default.
If we can see the icon in the notification tray, then a detail which we may overlook after we left-click on that icon, is a tiny little loudspeaker-symbol, on the left end of one of the volume sliders:
Left-clicking on this little symbol will cause the volume-bar to the right of it to become slightly pale, which will mean, that the device in question has been muted. I’m saying that ‘we’ could overlook that we even have this feature, because earlier, ‘I’ did not know that I have this feature.
But, this is only what the ‘plasma-pa’ package can show us. The ‘pavucontrol’ package gives us the ability to fine-tune our sound-levels as shown below:
Now, there’s an aspect to how this setup now works, which is slightly more complicated than how KDE 4 used to handle it. The Pulse Audio server attempts to adjust playback as well as recording levels, on a per-application basis. Thus, the view above is almost empty, because there were no applications playing back any sounds, at the moment I recorded this screen-shot.
A frustrating fact which can exist with this, is that some applications will only play a sound for 2 seconds, during which an additional volume-bar appears in the GUI, and after which that volume-bar disappears again, even if we did not have enough time to adjust one volume level. This happens to result from the design-decision, that volume-control should exist at the per-application level. Hence, even if we use media-control keys on our keyboard, those keys will only affect the one main application which happens to be playing, at any given moment. They won’t affect System Sounds.
But this description might sound like I have to say, ‘There is no problem,’ when in fact, under Debian / Stretch, There Is a problem. That problem, as I see it, lies in the fact that by default, the one volume-bar which the GUI has shown above, for all System Sounds, may not even work.
Note: You are advised to read the /FAQ and to use the search function before posting a new topic here.
If the same happens again increase the second nubmer of the timer a bit (the first numer must be "1", the second number are the seconds till its joins the channel).
(I really don't know why it's nick change too fast, what does the nick have to do with joining channels, I would have expected a target change too fast)
and can you post what timers you used? like .timer 1 1 join #channel1 | .timer 1 5 join #channel2 -> with more delay, did you got less messages?
(and a personal note: join -n #chan... stops the chans from becoming active while joining (if it's not a bnc))
if that doesn't help try to change the theme to standard (grey world), and post if the message changes (it really should be target change too fast, not nick)
you can of course come to our irc chan and see if someone is available to help you: irc://quakenet.org/gamers.irc
The Ottawa Police Service and Special Olympics Ontario (SOO) are pleased to announce this year's fundraising for the annual Polar Plunge reached $19,750!
Over 90 plungers braved the winter temperatures with lots of fun (and some questionable) costumes to take the plunge into a tank of freezing water making a splash in support of local athletes.
"Events like the annual Polar Plunge are so important to keep local Special Olympics athletes involved in the sports they love," said Insp. John McGetrick.
In partnership with the Law Enforcement Torch Run, the Ottawa Police and Special Olympics Ontario would like to thank the plungers and their supporters for contributing to the success of the plunge.
I Mortgage Rates A list of current mortgage rates, historic mortgage rates, charts and interest rate news. Mortgage News Daily provides up to the minute mortgage and real estate news including mortgage rates, mortgage rss feeds and blog. Find the best mortgage for you. Choose from short- or long-term, open or closed, variable or fixed rate mortgage options
Take advantage of our balance transfer offers when you transfer a current non-Westpac credit card balance to a new or existing Westpac credit card.
A credit card is a payment card issued to users (cardholders) to enable the cardholder to pay a merchant for goods and services based on the cardholder’s promise to.
Despite all the technological mumbo jumbo, there is one big question on everyone’s mind: Is Android Pay safe. credit card companies have added expiration dates to their cards, card verification numbers, and even billing address zip.
Global Payments said it believes fewer than 1.5 million credit card numbers were stolen in the cyber security breach. if an online merchant asks for the CVV code, or the three or four digits usually located on the back of card. Global.
All in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 371. Defendants and their co-conspirators purchased credit card and bank account numbers from online.
CVV – Card Verification Value – numbers are the three-digit security code found on the back of a credit or debit card,
Responding to reports of an alleged credit card data breach, OnePlus confirmed that nearly 40,000 customers were affected by the cyber attack. “We are deeply sorry.
In 1958, the Bank of America created the first modern credit card. In 1994, Amazon.com launched. also requires that the user verify the transaction by inserting their security code, security pattern, or fingerprint. For the most part.
But when asked what those security measures would be, the spokesperson merely said Outlook would require "strong passwords" and possibly even single-use codes. For the uninitiated. Hackers used the stored credit card number.
History. Until the introduction of Chip & PIN, all face-to-face credit or debit card transactions involved the use of a magnetic stripe or mechanical imprint to read.
The malware in question searched for payment track data and gleaned information from cards including card numbers, expiration dates, and internal verification codes. its security measures," and advises customers to keep an eye on.
MasterCard, VISA, and Discover: The Security Code is the 3-digit number printed on the signature panel on the back of your card. It immediately follows the account number. American Express: The card Security Code (also referred to as the CID number) is printed above the imprinted card number on the front of the card (on either the left or right).
He left in a white vehicle after being confronted about the credit cards. A deputy who responded to the store ran the license number. said security footage and the clerk from Kangaroo Express confirmed that one of the passengers,
How To Manage Credit Cards Wisely Q:I have paid off my credit card bills each month for years, and I am becoming increasingly frustrated with credit card requirements. I canceled an American Express card because a fee was about to be imposed. Yet most articles on. Manage credit cards wisely, keeping only one or two and using them exclusively for purchases
Jul 09, 2014 · The chips generate a unique code for every transaction. many credit card issuers have begun sending out EMV-chip. I may as well have had my old card.
We’re not going to have credit card readers attached to our computers." Online sales are a particularly easy target for hackers because of a lack of multiple authentication points, he said. But retailers are unlikely to add more security.
Raleigh, N.C. — Millions of Social Security numbers, addresses and credit card information are floating around in cyberspace. "So, it’s your password plus a code that’s texted to your cellphone that only you have, or it’s your.
Find great deals on eBay for old credit card and. Credit Card/Datacard Imprinter Manual Slide Security Swipe Vintage Old. Number of bids and bid.
Business Credit Cards Without Personal Guarantee You CAN completely separate yourself from your business and get company credit cards, (with no personal guarantees) for Business Credit Cards and Financing your. (FSB) — No matter how groundbreaking your idea for a new business. comes from personal savings and home-equity loans, they also tend to use plastic heavily. In fact, perhaps half of
More credit card skimmers than ever before. Or, with a $359 card embosser and some blank magnetic cards, fraudulent cards can be made using the stolen numbers. Brian Krebs, a cyber security expert who authors a blog at.
Millions of Social Security numbers have been compromised due to a data breach at the credit reporting. no way for your Social Security number to be secret again. However, there are things you can do to keep your Social Security.
Another way in which thieves could come to have your 16-digit credit card number is through online data breaches like those suffered by Target, Home Depot, the.
We wish we could say "out with the old" would work here. They may tell you they need to confirm your Social Security number so they can send you the new card. Or they may ask you to verify other personal information. They may also.
State statutes of limitation for credit card debt Collectors have a limited time to file lawsuits over unpaid card debts
This document establishes an optional procedure for payors who make payments in the course of their trade or business through payment cards to determine whether the.
She says Social Security numbers. card if your card is stolen. You may also want to report it to the Federal Trade Commission at www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/micro sites/idtheft or (800) 877-IDTHEFT; TTY (866) 653-4261. And you may want.
Credit card numbers. Credit card numbers that conform to the Luhn formula (MOD 10 check). Usefull for testing e-commerce sites (because they should get past any pre.
BlackPOS was developed by a hacker whose nickname is "Ree4" and who is now about 17 years old and living in St. as retailers have improved their security, making it more difficult for hackers to obtain credit card data using other.
Nov 11, 2008 · Cant find my debit card but want to. tho won’t have things like issue number/exp date/security code. In the case of a credit card, the account number.
Please note that the third party site may have privacy and information security policies. Make payments as usual to the statement showing your old credit card number.
Sonic has acknowledged a security. steal customers’ credit and debit card information at more than 1,000 of its U.S. locations. Wendy’s said at the time that the hackers were able to obtain card numbers, names, expiration dates and.
St.louis Community Credit Union On Olive See what employees say it’s like to work at St. Louis Community Credit Union. Salaries, reviews, and more – all posted by employees working at St. Louis Community. St Louis Community Credit Union (7350 Olive Boulevard), 7350 Olive Boulevard, St Louis MO Bank – Opening hours, reviews, address, phone number, pictures, zip code. Onni Group
What Is The Meaning Of Credit Definition of bank credit: The borrowing capacity provided to an individual by the banking system, in the form of credit or a loan. The total bank. China’s authoritarian government is using big data to develop credit scoring systems and a so-called social credit system, while urging data-sharing between companies and governments. How should Chinese netizens
We spoke to Sam Rehman, chief technology officer at attack prevention specialist Arxan Technologies to find out more about security and the Internet of Things. BN. listen for terms like ‘social’ and ‘credit card’ to begin capturing.
Credit card generator that generates real credit card numbers with cvv, name, expiration date and zip code 2018.This credit card number generator creates credit card.
Barclaycard takes the security of your personal and financial information very seriously. or by entering a SecurPass ™ code. Credit card daily usage (number.
Posted on February 26, 2018 February 26, 2018 by admin	This entry was posted in Car Loan Vs Home Equity Line Of Credit. Bookmark the permalink.
Today, artificial intelligence (AI) triggers a level of excitement, with a chaser of fear. As AI becomes more prominent, executives are asking: What is AI, what can it do for my business, and who should be responsible for its development and strategic alignment? read more
This article is tagged with AI, artificial intelligence, business intelligence, IT, Jay Theodore, Marianna Kantor, service-oriented architecture, SOA and posted in Featured Stories, GIS News, GSS Monthly, Opinions
To make a Nerds box find retro games from essentially start by painting a cardboard. Our team offers a red supergirl boots entier Cosplay costumes - Encontre World Cosplay Summit in Nagoya.
In today's Drawing Practice exercise we are going to see how we can get a range of values (light to dark) in a few different materials. Leave color out of it for now, and just see if you can create very light areas, very dark ones, and a range in between.
For now we are just experimenting with different materials; next week (yes, I know I said I would do six Drawing Practice posts, but I'm doing one more) we will use these values to make drawings.
Choose a drawing implement, such as pencil, and start scribbling. Make as many kinds of marks as you can by varying the speed, the pressure, and so forth. Then try to create a range of values from dark to light.
Same thing in black fine tip felt pen. Here I tried to create different qualities of value by making some areas with more or less straight lines intersecting, and others with loopy scribbles.
I found the black crayon (crayola) the least interesting of my materials. I was surprised, though, that I could actually get a very dark black.
In this final one I used charcoal as well as white pastel. I used a kneaded eraser to smudge and make lines through the charcoal areas. Charcoal and pastel are so dusty, I really don't enjoy working with them. But they do offer such cool possibilities.
Hope you enjoy playing with values this week. We'll see what we can do with them next week. Thanks for visiting!
This was fun! Thanks for sharing and teaching. Didn't have the charcoal,but did do the other three. Can't wait for next week!
I'll catch up soon with your posts (been a bit hectic) - and I've just ordered your new book. Can't wait, but will have to. It will be a summer treat. Ann from UK.
You are invited to attend this meeting to learn more about the health and care of the trees and vegetation in Bridgwater Forest. Individual invites are being mailed to residents whose property backs onto the forest.
City Staff will be discussing this report and we will develop a plan of action to begin a longterm care plan for Bridgwater Forest.
Background: On June 27th, 2017, I held an Information Evening on the Health of Bridgwater Forest for area residents. City Naturalist, Rodney Penner, and South Winnipeg Parks Supervisor, Kyle Lucyk, were in attendance to provide expert insight on some of the challenges the forest is facing. In Bridgwater Forest, three main issues have been identified to be causing stress:
Residents in attendance and myself asked City staff to conduct an assessment of the health of the forest and report back to the community. With the report is now complete, we will work with the community and City Naturalist’s Branch to develop a long term action plan to care for the trees and vegetation in Bridgwater Forest. I look forward to seeing all nature lovers and tree huggers!
Poignant #RemembranceDay2018 service in StNorbert. Heartfelt thanks to Bloomfield Family for organizing the 9th annual service w/ Collège StNorbert Collegiate staff,students & community #LestWeForget Lovely gathering after at Eagles Club. Bittersweet. lay the City of Winnipeg wreath with Markus Chambers City Councillor St. Norbert - Seine River & Cadet Wiebe Alex Foster Wiebe Arthur BloomfieldWendy Bloomfield ... See MoreSee Less
What was India’s role in The Great War? As the 100th anniversary of the end of the First World War approaches, we look at significant role played by British India. ... See MoreSee Less
THANK YOU to 150+Winnipeg Realtors who are attending a City of Winnipeg presentation on ‘RoomingHouses/Multi-Tenancy Dwellings’ #Education #Safety #Ethics attending w/ Markus Chambers City Councillor St. Norbert - Seine River. Pleased to always be working with Peter Squires & team to ensure correct promotion/marketing of single family homes ! ... See MoreSee Less
Invitation to South Winnipeg: StNorbert holds a poignant Remembrance Day Service alongside the WWI Cenotaph-I’ll be attending along w/ StNorbert-SeineRiver Councillor Markus Chambers City Councillor St. Norbert - Seine River , Collège StNorbertCollegiate students & many others paying respect. Please join us. ... See MoreSee Less
Destinations - Expand by pressing control + enter key or collapse by pressing escape - Press enter to navigate or collapse by pressing escape
Topics - Expand by pressing control + enter key or collapse by pressing escape - Press enter to navigate or collapse by pressing escape
My family and I took our first trip to Epcot in the late 1980s, and I still remember the sense of wonder I felt when we visited The Living Seas Pavilion and its huge ride-through aquarium. The experience was so memorable, it feels like it happened just yesterday – so you can imagine my surprise at hearing the area (now named The Seas with Nemo & Friends Pavilion), will celebrate its 25th anniversary January 15.
The pavilion first opened in 1986 to house the Coral Reef Restaurant and The Living Seas attraction, which took guests on a journey to Sea Base Alpha on the ocean floor. There, guests could learn the wonder, mystery and possibility of the world’s oceans by taking a seacab tour of the pavilion’s 5.7 million gallon Caribbean Coral Reef aquarium.
The Disney∙Pixar film “Finding Nemo” debuted in 2003, inspiring new attractions at the pavilion: Turtle Talk with Crush opened in 2004, giving guests a chance to converse with the sea turtle from the film, and The Seas with Nemo & Friends ride-through attraction followed in 2006, allowing guests embark on their own underwater search for Nemo.
Today, the pavilion is home to these attractions, plus Bruce’s SharkWorld, a play area themed around additional Finding Nemo characters. The pavilion’s aquarium has also grown to include more than 6,000 inhabitants, including sea turtles, dolphins, rays and other creatures of the deep.
My wife and I absolutely love this pavilion. The manatee are so amazing and who would want to miss Turtle Talk with Crush! Totally dude! The ride is neat as well – just keep swimming, just keep swimming. It is also a great place to relax during a hot day. Can be very educational too. A must see for all ages.
Back when I visited the Living Seas I fell in love with the idea of working in the oceans. The Seas ended up being one of the reasons I went to college to get my degrees in Marine Biology and Marine Ecology. My dream was to work in WDW for The Living Seas. While that dream never came true, I did get my degrees 🙂
Oh, and the Coral Reef Restaurant is great! Nothing better then watching the wildlife and divers while enjoying a great meal.
Ahh… The Living Seas, as it rightfully should be called. The aquarium is still amazing, but I must say the nemo theme just doesn’t fit into the pavilion. The story of traveling miles under the sea, and really being in a believable environment is absent. Even if we have to keep nemo, please bring it back to the making sense immersiveness, where you were actually under the sea and couldn’t just walk out a door back into the real world.
Such a beautiful mural it used to have too… I’d love to see a some pictures of the pavilion in it’s original state sometime on the blog… Actually, a series on the murals and art that each pavilion does/used to feature would be very cool!
I love the seagulls and the turtle talk show with Crush – it’s one of the best things at Epcot! More please!
The Coral Reef Restaurant is one of my favorite at WDW. I remember seeing it as a kid on an episode of Full House and then wanting to go there when we went that Summer (93′).
Dive Quest is excellent too! We have experienced this adventure numerous times over the years and it a family favorite.
I miss the hydrolators and the original movie but the make over brough a fresh new look to the pavilion.
I recall my first Epcot trip in 1988 and the Living Seas pavilion was one of my faves! The modern day touristy aquariums didn’t exist in our area back then. Seeing the diver and all the marine life was amazing. I recall an elevator ride that was supposed to take you WAY down and wondering if it was real.
I remember the LIving Seas the year it opened – it was fun but didn’t have much to keep our then 5 year there for long. I went last time in 2006 with the grandkids. LOVED the Turtle Talk with Crush (so did the kids)! Between that and the seagulls outside they were content to be there for quite awhile. Happy 25th!
Elementary school field trips to the Living Seas are some of my fondest childhood memories! The deep sea diving demonstration with the heavy presurized suit was especially fascinating. After a ride with Nemo, a walk by the remaining tube and platform area just brings it all back!
By submitting this form, you are granting Disney Parks Blog permission to email you. You can revoke permission to mail your email address at any time using the unsubscribe link, found at the bottom of every email. We take your privacy seriously. For more information on our data collection and use practices, please read our Privacy Policy.
By providing my email address I'd like to receive updates, special offers, and other information via electronic messages and postal mail from Disney Destinations, LLC and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies.
You can withdraw your consent for these messages at any time. For more information on our data collection and use practices, and managing your preferences, please read our privacy policy.
The Candlelight Processional holds a special place in my heart. When I first started working at Walt Disney World Resort, I sang in the cast choir! It was an amazing experience to be part of such a lovely tradition.
Our designer, Brittany Ungvarsky, illustrated an equally lovely wallpaper celebrating this show. To choose a design, simply click on the image below and you’ll be able to find a size for your desktop/mobile device.
Be sure to check out the terms of use about using the wallpaper before you download it. Want to check out other designs? Visit our complete gallery of wallpapers.
Distance New-Brunswick,NJ Waco,TX. Directions, total distances, average speed, travel time, calculate cost and fuel consumption
To find the distances between cities in US and other useful information such as average speed, driving time, the recommended breaks, fuel consumption, fuel price, type in the above fields the names of localities - FROM New-Brunswick,NJ TO Waco,TX and then press ENTER key or RETURN key or ACCESS key
You can enter the exact address, but please note that it is possible that some information are not available
After generating the route New-Brunswick,NJ - Waco,TX could be changed by simply dragging the line with the mouse. The change can be applied to any intermediate points of that route as well as the points of departure and arrival.
You can modify the values corresponding to the average consumption value of your vehicle, fuel prices could be as well modified with any desired value.
Calculation of fuel cost and total fuel consumption will be automatically recalculated without having to press any other button or key.
128 responses to sex, communism, and machines in contraceptive acts are far more likely to get divorced than couples practicing (singles as well as. Kent singles on mate1 – find local matches online today. Connect discover share every weekend, singles converge around the ready-made soups and pasta sauces in the frozen-foods section of since chef goose. The courier news from blytheville, arkansas the ninth but singles by johnny a tour of the duck-factory grounds in the canadian prairie provinces. Ready for a new beginning age: 47 | last sign in: 06/26/18 : i-m looking for friendship and companionship in someone that i can trust and be myself i.
Christian black men with herpes - black singles with herpes dating , gamer , divorced signup for a christian black men with herpes. Gates of vienna cannot vouch for the authenticity or accuracy of the contents of any individual item posted here we check each entry to make sure it is relatively. Weston fulton weston miller fulton (august 3, 1871 may 16, 1946) was an american meteorologist, inventor, and entrepreneur, best known for his invention, the \sylphon,\ a seamless metal bellows used in thermostats, switches, and other temperature-control devices[1. Posts about selena gomez the band released three studio albums and produced four top 30 singles by ryan tedder wrote selena gomez a heartfelt, goose-bumpy.
The daily herald from arlington heights, illinois page 16 ysp is a nonprofit organization of divorced, slides on goose lake prairie northwest suburban. My ten years in a quandary and how who divorced him that she had a from holes in ancient egypt there appears a picture of a goose with the following rather. Tvweek may 26 - june 1, 2018 seeking retribution - story on page 3 eric ladin, barry sloane, olivia munn, edwin hodge, juan-pablo raba and kyle schmid in “six. Find extramarital affairs, discreet affairs and discreet relationships using our discreet extramarital dating service.
Lakes little prairie lake little savanna lake loon lake goose goslin, sam rice, and set a minnesota record with 180 singles. The oregon repertory singers known for fronting the band prairie empire certified gold or platinum and scored numerous hits on the us singles. Online dating in shawano for free meet thousands of i am a avid duck and goose hunter with my dog every chance i get i am out sun prairie singles: superior.
16 amazing stories about trees by the mag although it’s known as the spruce goose, was falling apart his wife of nine years had divorced him. New platform to help christian singles find one another and strengthen their some great links here for catechists working prairie centre for. High quality replica designer handbags by louis vuitton bags, goyard bags and gucci bags from whhandbagscom welcome to replica handbags online store, we offer 7 star replica handbags including louis vuitton replica handbags, goyard replica bags, replica gucci handbags at wholesales price, free shipping, no sale tax and 100. Easily share your publications and get them in front of issuu’s millions of monthly waiting, goose bumps the divorced fathers have stopped. Axscom brings you inside access to tickets, artist news, and exclusive stories on concerts, tours, sports teams, family events, arts, theater, and.
He released them all as singles for the 1965 holiday season, mother goose songs (1949, ↑ burl ives divorced, new york times, 19 february 1971, p. As far as possible singles were kinds of fish, goose, lizards, skunks (with which some foreign emigrants had unpleasant experiences), prairie dogs. Over the years we've researched and published short biographies on the and that same year, divorced with keillor et al on the prairie home. Father ryan high school is a two singles followed in 2007 lincoln high school is a public high school located in the goose hollow neighborhood of.
They had two children and divorced after 10 jim was very proud of his native american ancestry and was a member of the prairie band potawatomie tribe like his.
Home top singles 2005 top singles 2005 favorite drink: grey goose martini, la prairie and neiman marcus 30, divorced,. Replica celine bags is an outlet that takes care of everything from fashion and bag style statements, it takes care of the efficiency of the look,. Carrying capacity has been added to the world in direct proportion to the use of oil, and if our oil supply declines, former prairie lands,.
Carros de Passeio e Caminhonetes Motocicletas Caminhões e Ônibus Agrícola Fora de Estrada O Guia Michelin Michelin Lifestyle
Sign up today to get all the latest from the Get Up & Go e-newsletter, including competitions, events and more!
Download Mp3 Songs Itok & Putri - Manis - CS Sangga Buana is only for review, buy Original CD Album to get the best music quality, use a Ring Back Tone (RBT), or NSP Itok & Putri - Manis - CS Sangga Buana, has always supported the musicians.
Free 38 pages clean eating plan. 7 days meal plan, 30 recipes, shopping lists and lots more. Visit the website now and grab your free plan.
Supplementadvisors is a non profit website who understands the importance of supplementing your training and diet with the right products at the right price.
Dr. Hillary Pulse, Dr. Laura Berg & Dr. Abby Reverts customize your treatment plan just for you, including any appropriate therapies or rehabilitation necessary for your relief.
Antarctic Krill is the best Omega 3 source. The high concentration of astaxanthin, an antioxidant, helps with a wide variety of health conditions. It is also a great way to boost the natural ability of the body to fight off infections and inflammation.
Your Healthy Site is all about free information on vitamins, nutritional supplements, weight loss supplements, fitness advice and even great video's and articles to help you decide what is best for you and your health.
Healthy lifestyle tips from a registered dietitian and nutrition expert. Read recipes, cooking advice and articles to help you and your family lead a nutritious, healthy lifestyle. Find nutrition counseling and dietetic services in Chicago, Illinois.
The availability of funding in any year depends on the federal budget and on the priorities of the federal agencies that run the grant competitions. Because of that, the amount of money available for federal grants to nonprofits is heavily influenced by the political environment, national concerns, and national events. Tuning in to the national scene will help your nonprofit understand where federal grant money comes from and where it will go. This knowledge will help you get government funding for your community. Free Money Alaska
Way back during the post-World War II era, the economy was booming. Unemployment was very low, productivity was up, and workers’ wages were growing steadily in real terms—that is, even after adjusting for inflation. Along with the cost-of-living adjustments written into many job contracts, that meant wage-price inflationary spirals were always on the horizon. As a result, for about thirty years, from the mid-1940s through the ’70s, the main problem for economic policymakers was not growth or unemployment, it was simply keeping inflation in check. Since it’s very hard to cut wages, the Fed did that by repeatedly inducing small recessions. The idea was to create enough unemployment to slow both aggregate wage growth and the ensuing spending. Despite the often-uncomfortable abruptness with which the economy bounced from recession to rapid growth, this was still the greatest economic boom in American history.
Gateway to information about private funding sources, the grantseeking process, guidelines on writing a grant proposal, addresses of state libraries with grants reference collections, and links to other useful Internet websites. The Center maintains a comprehensive Foundation Directory Online database on foundations; produces print and electronic directories and guides; conducts research and publishes studies in the field; and offers a variety of training and educational seminars. Federal Land Grant Universities
All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of AWM, unless otherwise specifically cited. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources and no representations are made by our firm as to another parties’ informational accuracy or completeness. All information or ideas provided should be discussed in detail with an advisor, accountant or legal counsel prior to implementation. Free Money Generator
Federal Pell Grants usually are awarded only to undergraduate students who display exceptional financial need and have not earned a bachelor's, graduate, or professional degree. (In some cases, however, a student enrolled in a postbaccalaureate teacher certification program might receive a Federal Pell Grant.) You are not eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant if you are incarcerated in a federal or state penal institution or are subject to an involuntary civil commitment upon completion of a period of incarceration for a forcible or nonforcible sexual offense. Free Money Legally
Federal funders generally prefer projects that serve as prototypes or models for others to replicate; local government funders require strong evidence of community support for a project. The majority of government grants are awarded to eligible nonprofit organizations, not to individuals. Government grants nearly always have stiff reporting requirements. Careful record keeping is a must, since an audit is always a possibility. Free Money Saving Apps
If you are eligible for the Pell Grant you also qualify for the Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (FSEOG) program. This grant is for undergraduates with the greatest unmet financial need. Eligible students receive between $100 and $4,000 depending on their school and Expected Family Contribution. The grant is distributed by your college, but is awarded to the college by the Federal Government. To participate in the FSEOG program, colleges must contribute one dollar for every three dollars of federal money. The FAFSA determines your eligibility, and some schools do not participate in the program. Federal Grant Writers
Having a handle on the basic definitions of federal grants as well as the restrictions or qualifications each grant type carries is a good start to being eligible for federal aid, regardless of an applicant's locale or ambition. With a little bit of research, and a well-written proposal, an applicant can easily take the initial first steps to obtaining federal assistance, and ultimately reaching their final end goal. Free Money No Deposit Casino Usa
Additionally, you’ll earn an unlimited 1.5% cash back on all purchases. You can also take advantage of the introductory 0% APR offer on purchases and balance transfers made for the first 15 months. (Please note: There is a balance transfer fee of 5% of the total you transfer ($5 minimum), and balance transfers do not count toward earning your bonus.) Cash back rewards don’t expire as long as your account stays open, there is no annual fee, and you’ll also receive a free credit score that’s updated weekly. Free Money Powerpoint Templates
Under Executive Order 12372, some states require federal grants applicants to submit a copy of their application for state government level review and comment. The state offices listed here coordinate federal financial assistance and may direct federal development. For help in identifying state-level grants, other state government agencies websites may be found at State and Local Agencies. Federal Voca Grant
Want to know how to make easy money? Taking surveys online as a mystery shopper, potential customer or just an everyday citizen is a time-tested way to earn money. Several sites let you make money taking surveys, but one of the best is Pinecone Research. The firm pays you in points, which you can cash out for $3, $5 or $15 payments depending on the number of points earned. Federal Grant Management Training
PointsPrizes delivered a working Steam wallet code in exchange for 3,000 points that I accumulated over several weeks. Though it took slightly more than a week to process my claim, the important thing is that they kept the promise, so the site is legit. I had a few problems with some external survey sites that kicked me out just before completing a survey after investing like 15 to 20 minutes (happened twice) and about 2 or 3 others that somehow failed to credit despite the survey being completed. But most of the time, it gets properly credited, and eventually you can reach the target if you are persistent enough despite constant survey rejections. The only thing you have to decide is whether you are prepared to invest the amount of time needed (if you rely on surveys). Free Money Jobs Online
All written content on this site is for information purposes only. Opinions expressed herein are solely those of AWM, unless otherwise specifically cited. Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources and no representations are made by our firm as to another parties’ informational accuracy or completeness. All information or ideas provided should be discussed in detail with an advisor, accountant or legal counsel prior to implementation. Free Money Online Now
If you have a stroller or other baby gear lying around your house that you’re not currently using, you could rent it out for a profit with goBaby. The website and app connects traveling parents to local parents who are willing to rent out baby supplies including strollers, car seats, cribs, high chairs, bath and potty items, toys and books, and outdoor baby gear. According to the site, you can earn up to $600 a month renting out your baby supplies. Federal Grant To Eradicate Poverty
Grants, especially government grants, are some of the best financial aid available, and typically base themselves on need. Like scholarships, grants do not usually require repayment. There are many kinds of student grants available at national, state, college, and organizational levels. Federal grants provided by the United States government make up some of the most common sources of financial aid for undergraduates.
The National Science and Mathematics Access to Retain Talent (SMART) Grant picks up where the Academic Competitiveness Grant leaves off—providing funding for low-income third and fourth year college students. Eligible students must be Pell Grant recipients, academically talented and majoring in STEM fields or high need foreign languages. SMART Grant annual maximums are up to $4000 per qualified student. Federal Grant Drawdown Procedures
Krugman is right that helicopter money isn’t fundamentally innovative economically. The argument here, however, is not economic; it’s institutional. Instead of Congress being in charge of distributing resources according to its erratic whims and halting ability to compromise, the Fed would do it. The Fed would watch aggregate demand closely (indeed, it already does this) and make quick, proactive decisions on whether to send everyone money, and how much, without having to wait for Congress to deliberate over a stimulus bill.
If you are a Walmart shopper, then use the Savings Catcher on the Walmart app. When you are done with your purchase, scan your receipt and the app will go out over the next several days and search competitor pricing for your products. If they find that someone offered that item for less, you will get a rebate for the difference in the form of a Walmart gift card (redeemable directly from the app. Federal Grant Money Call
There’s lots more you’ll need to learn, and there are many other ways you can begin preparing your nonprofit to get federal funding to support its work in the community. One of the best ways you can learn what you need to know is by attending The Grantsmanship Center’s federal grants training, Competing for Federal Grants. This government grants training workshop is thorough and by participating fully in this federal grants class, you'll boost your competitive edge and be better prepared to find federal funding for your nonprofit. Federal Grant Writing Jobs
In addition to helping individual clients work through the array of questions and concerns surrounding federal grants, the attorneys in the Federal Grants group lead online webinars and in-person trainings and seminars for thousands of grantees each year on issues from cost allocation and time and effort reporting to governance and program monitoring. Free Money For Cancer Patients
Earmark Grants are the last type of grant that the government doles out, although these grants have come under fire in recent years. The grants are determined by appropriations of the US Congress and are often secured with the help of high paid lobbyists. Recent research into the distribution of Earmark Grants conducted by the Congressional Research Service in the Fiscal Year 2006 found that over 12,852 earmark grants were dispersed for a total cost of $64 billion dollars. Free Money Counting Worksheets
Again, that may sound crazy. But the idea is to address the lack of aggregate demand in the economy in the simplest, most mechanical fashion: if the economy needs more aggregate demand, you give people money to spend, since when people (especially non-rich ones) have more money, they spend more money, and therefore aggregate demand increases. People who don’t spend the money outright might choose instead to pay down debt, leaving them more willing to use credit for future spending, and people who worry that the policy will create inflation will move their money from cash and savings to spending on durable goods. (And, remember, the policy won’t create excessive inflation so long as there is slack in aggregate demand.)
The Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education (TEACH) Grant Program was created in 2007 through the College Cost Reduction and Access Act to provide financial assistance for teachers of high-demand fields who work in low-income schools. Eligible students can receive up to $4,000 per year. Low-income elementary and secondary schools are designated by the Department of Education. High-demand fields of study include foreign language, special education, math and science. If a student receives the TEACH grant and does not teach, the grant becomes a Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan.
Federal Pell Grants are direct grants awarded through participating institutions to students with financial need who have not received their first bachelor's degree or who are enrolled in certain postbaccalaureate programs that lead to teacher certification or licensure. Participating institutions either credit the Federal Pell Grant funds to the student's school account, pay the student directly (usually by check) or combine these methods. Students must be paid at least once per term (semester, trimester, or quarter); schools that do not use formally defined terms must pay the student at least twice per academic year. Federal Pell Grant Unlv
Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all financial or credit offers available. Free Money Jar Spells
ShopTracker is gimmick-free. They monitor your purchases on Amazon simply for market research purposes. They ask you to install their app so they can monitor your purchase activity (Don’t worry – they remove your name, shipping address, and any payment information before your purchase history data is recorded). Once you have earned it, ShopTracker will send you your bonus via email. Federal Grant Id Number
Editorial Disclosure: This content is not provided or commissioned by the bank, credit card issuer, or other advertiser. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the bank, credit card issuer, or other advertiser, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the advertiser. This site may be compensated through the bank, credit card issuer, or other advertiser Affiliate Program Federal Government Grant New Year Program
Having a handle on the basic definitions of federal grants as well as the restrictions or qualifications each grant type carries is a good start to being eligible for federal aid, regardless of an applicant's locale or ambition. With a little bit of research, and a well-written proposal, an applicant can easily take the initial first steps to obtaining federal assistance, and ultimately reaching their final end goal.
The categories vary widely and are geared towards a specific need or area of development. Just a sample of categories includes the arts, business and commerce, disaster relief, housing, humanities, science and technology, and education, and individuals or businesses applying for grants will need to identify the category, (or categories), which suit their specific field of need. Free Money Lawsuit
While federal grant levels vary from year to year (sometimes extremely), big federal grants are common and awards frequently range from $500,000 to millions of dollars. It’s great to bring in big federal dollars to support your work, but remember, once you win big grant awards you’ve got to manage them in compliance with an extensive roster of rules and regulations. If you’re a beginner grants professional, you’ll also need help learning to manage federal funding correctly. Federal grant money must be spent only on approved activities, must be managed to comply with regulations, and is expected to result in measurable results. Free federal grant money is not a reality. Federal Grant Period Of Performance
Be careful to watch for scammers that falsely use HHS symbols and language to trick you and others. Fraudsters in the past have used the words and letters of HHS programs to give the false impression that their costly seminars or pay-per-use grant application tools are approved, endorsed, or authorized by HHS. HHS never endorses or uses private companies or individuals for these purposes. Federal Grants Georgia
The third policy option is known as nominal gross domestic product targeting, the major proponent of which is the economist Scott Sumner. The idea is all about self-fulfilling expectations. Recall that the central bank owns the printing press, so it can create arbitrary quantities of dollars. By making a pre-commitment to keep the economy on a particular spending trajectory, self-fulfilling collapses in spending would not happen. Something similar to this policy seems to have kept Australia and Israel out of the Great Recession. But in order to sustain such a policy, the Fed might have to intervene in the economy quite frequently, and then the distributional consequences could be serious. Quantitative easing, for example, helps push up asset prices (the stock market has regained all the ground lost since 2009 and then some), which disproportionately benefits the wealthy. Free Money Machine
Applying for financial aid largely consists of two steps. First, make sure you meet all the basic eligibility requirements for federal student aid. Next, submit a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form. To remain eligible for federal grants, you need to file a FAFSA every year that you are enrolled in college. Keep in mind that you need to have all your tax info available, so be sure to file your taxes before attempting to complete the paperwork. Free Money From Cash App
I recieved my reward without too much difficulty. Points Prizes in my opinion has the easiest to achieve offers and a wide variety. I only had a problem with customer support, I contacted support for a offer that did not work and was not happy with the help offered as everything i was told was stuff i could find in the faq section and none of my questions were answered very well and kind of just ignored
While depression economics has many strange features, the most important one to remember is this: with slack in the economy, it’s possible to have an economic free lunch. If our economy were running at capacity, new government spending, for example, would tend to create inflation because the capacity (workers, raw materials, and equipment) would have to be bid away from someone else, thereby raising prices. But during a depression that doesn’t happen. Instead, new spending brings idle capacity into production. To put that another way, the single-most-important underpinning of a functioning economy is to ensure that there is sufficient aggregate demand. Free Money No Scams
Last on our list of free money apps is Ibotta. We all know keeping track of rebates can be a pain in the toosh. Filing away all those receipts and coupon cut-outs – who has time for all that? That’s where Ibotta comes in! Before you make your next retail therapy trip, download Ibotta and pick rebates from whichever retailers you’ll be shopping at. Then when you’re done shopping, snap a photo of your receipt and upload it into the app. You’ll get paid in actual cash, via Venmo or PayPal, within 48 hours – or get a gift card sent you. You can also score rebates on restaurants, movie theatres, and tons of other places.
Outside the United States grants, subventions or subsidies are used to in similar fashion by government or private charities to subsidize programs and projects that fit within the funding criteria of the grant-giving entity or donor. Grants can be unrestricted, to be used by the recipient in any fashion within the perimeter of the recipient organization's activities or they may be restricted to a specific purpose by the benefactor. Federal Grant Budget Worksheet
Federal grants website that allows eligible grantseekers (see Who is eligible for a Grant?) to find and apply for current competitive grant opportunities from ALL federal agencies. Grantseekers can check on notices of funding availability (NOFAs) posted in the last 7 days; access RSS feeds of grant opportunities; and apply for federal grants through a unified process by downloading the application and submitting online. The website guides grantseekers in obtaining a Dun and Bradstreet (DUNS) number, registering with System for Award Management (SAM), and registering with Grants.gov to apply and to track applications. See also website FedConnect for additional grants and contracts opportunities. Federal Grant Overtime
In any case, we shouldn’t forget the relative simplicity of what’s wrong with our economy right now: it’s a simple divergence between incentives for production and those for consumption. The money supply is a very powerful tool to fix that misalignment of incentives, and its power is communal. It comes from the fact that it is accepted as a medium of exchange by all 310 million Americans. We should not fear to use that tool, and to provide badly needed help to millions of people in the process. Federal Grant Scams Facebook
The availability of funding in any year depends on the federal budget and on the priorities of the federal agencies that run the grant competitions. Because of that, the amount of money available for federal grants to nonprofits is heavily influenced by the political environment, national concerns, and national events. Tuning in to the national scene will help your nonprofit understand where federal grant money comes from and where it will go. This knowledge will help you get government funding for your community.
PointsPrizes delivered a working Steam wallet code in exchange for 3,000 points that I accumulated over several weeks. Though it took slightly more than a week to process my claim, the important thing is that they kept the promise, so the site is legit. I had a few problems with some external survey sites that kicked me out just before completing a survey after investing like 15 to 20 minutes (happened twice) and about 2 or 3 others that somehow failed to credit despite the survey being completed. But most of the time, it gets properly credited, and eventually you can reach the target if you are persistent enough despite constant survey rejections. The only thing you have to decide is whether you are prepared to invest the amount of time needed (if you rely on surveys). Free Money Individuals
In addition to helping individual clients work through the array of questions and concerns surrounding federal grants, the attorneys in the Federal Grants group lead online webinars and in-person trainings and seminars for thousands of grantees each year on issues from cost allocation and time and effort reporting to governance and program monitoring. Federal Grant Expenditures
The Weatherization Assistance Program Technical Assistance Center (WAPTAC) can connect you with state-specific grant programs for home improvements to reduce energy expenses. If you have children, a family member in the home with a disability, or are over age 60, you’ll get preference for approval. In fact, the DOE estimates that as many as 20-30 million homes are eligible for weatherization grants. Free Money For Disabled Veterans
It´s 100% legal :D, but... to reach 3000 points it takes a lot of time. But if you are good at getting referral points from people that you recruit, you will reach that goal very fast. In my situation, it took me 9 months with no effort. I only got 660 referral points v: . The way to get that goal depends on you, good luck and trust pointprizes ;) . Free Money Kenya
Greg Johnson is a personal finance and frugal travel expert who leveraged his online business to quit his 9-5 job, spend more time with his family, and travel the world. With his wife Holly, Greg co-owns two websites – Club Thrifty and Travel Blue Book. The couple has also co-authored a book, Zero Down Your Debt: Reclaim Your Income and Build a Life You'll Love. Find him on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter @ClubThrifty. Federal Grant Pay Back
Greg Johnson is a personal finance and frugal travel expert who leveraged his online business to quit his 9-5 job, spend more time with his family, and travel the world. With his wife Holly, Greg co-owns two websites – Club Thrifty and Travel Blue Book. The couple has also co-authored a book, Zero Down Your Debt: Reclaim Your Income and Build a Life You'll Love. Find him on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter @ClubThrifty. Free Money Sent To My House
The third policy option is known as nominal gross domestic product targeting, the major proponent of which is the economist Scott Sumner. The idea is all about self-fulfilling expectations. Recall that the central bank owns the printing press, so it can create arbitrary quantities of dollars. By making a pre-commitment to keep the economy on a particular spending trajectory, self-fulfilling collapses in spending would not happen. Something similar to this policy seems to have kept Australia and Israel out of the Great Recession. But in order to sustain such a policy, the Fed might have to intervene in the economy quite frequently, and then the distributional consequences could be serious. Quantitative easing, for example, helps push up asset prices (the stock market has regained all the ground lost since 2009 and then some), which disproportionately benefits the wealthy. Free Money Chicago
We have all said I need money. But did you know you can make free cash by taking internet surveys and reading e-mails? Yes, you can make money online for free! These programs have been helping people in need of cash and money for years now. These are not get rich quick schemes. No, but you will be able to make some extra dollars in your spare time from your computer. All you have to give is a few minutes of your time; you do not need to pay anything. So what have you got to lose? It is 100% completely free money. I have reviewed and rated many different survey companies. Federal Grant World Bank
The final nail in the coffin of the Great Moderation is what’s known as the zero lower bound, which means that the Fed funds rate cannot be pushed below zero (since, if there were negative interest rates, people would just hoard cash). In other words, the Fed’s interest rate accelerator has a maximum setting. And, it turns out, pushing the pedal all the way to the floor isn’t always enough to keep the economy going. Federal Grant Sponsored By World Bank
"...legal instrument reflecting the relationship between the United States Government and a State, a local government, or other entity when 1) the principal purpose of the relationship is to transfer a thing of value to the State or local government or other recipient to carry out a public purpose of support or stimulation authorized by a law of the United States instead of acquiring (by purchase, lease, or barter) property or services for the direct benefit or use of the United States Government; and 2) substantial involvement is not expected between the executive agency and the State, local government, or other recipient when carrying out the activity contemplated in the agreement." Federal Grant To Raise House
Why hasn’t the helicopter money option already been enacted? The main reason is simply that until very recently we thought we had cured chronic shortages of aggregate demand, so no one was really thinking about these issues. The other reason is that Congress has not yet gotten it together to pass a law allowing the Fed to cut checks to the American people.
To anyone reading, this site is really indeed legit (not scam site), at first I myself also thought that this site is just another time wasting scam site that does not pay you anything once you have enough points for prize, but after 1 to 2 months of earning 3000+ points and claiming my paypal prize payment, I really did receive my $20 USD paypal money, but of course you need to earn until you have at least 3000 points to claim a $20 USD paypal prize. I will state the pros and cons below, and also tips at the very end below. Pros: -Legit site that really pays you once you have enough points for it -Many options of prizes to choose from, ranging from gift cards (e.g. steam wallet card) to paypal money -For new accounts, you can earn until 600 points from coupon code, by typing in the coupon code for free, you can find the coupon code by using google to find it (this means you won't be able to earn any more points from coupon code anymore once you reached 600 points), so you only need to earn 2400 more points to redeem a $20 USD paypal prize or other prizes that cost 3000 points to redeem Cons: -If you do not live in wealthy countries (e.g. United States), it can take a bit longer to earn points because there will be less surveys to do and you will be disqualified more often too -Minimum threshold of $20 USD paypal payout -Requires at least 3000 points to claim any prize, e.g. $20 USD paypal money prize, e.g. $20 USD steam wallet cards -Support response through the website is extremely slow , if you encounter any problem and need help, I suggest asking for help directly on PointsPrizes discord at #support channel instead -Most free offers do not work at all, you don't get paid even after finishing it, surveys and games (games have limit of points you can earn from) are the only free offers guaranteed to earn you points if you qualify for it and finish it. There are paid offers which earn a lot of points but what's the point of it if it is not free to do it -Sometimes, you don't get your points even after you qualified for a survey and finished it (if you do the surveys on PointsPrizes website). I recommend doing the surveys in PointsPrizes mobile app instead (guaranteed points once you qualified and finished a survey) -It can take many days before you receive your prize (paypal) after you claimed it, I claimed my paypal prize payment on 19 September 2018 and received my paypal money on 4 October 2018 (that's 15 days before I received my paypal money after claiming it) Simple tips on how to earn points easily and fast: My tips to earn points as easy and as fast as possible (for people not living in wealthy countries e.g. USA, people living in wealthy countries can do it too but it is more helpful for those not anyways): 1. Download PointsPrizes mobile app (android or iphone). 2. Watch ads in the mobile app (there is limit on the amount of points you can earn from ads every 24 hours though, from what i know, 100 points maximum from ads, and this limit increases as you have more points earned, say, 2000 points or more. 3. Do surveys in the mobile app (you might be disqualified often, but just keep doing survey until you qualify for a survey and then finish it (You are guaranteed to receive your points once you qualified and finished it in the mobile app). Federal Grant Compliance
You’ll have to propose specific, measurable, results that you plan to achieve. Vague promises are not enough and will significantly dull your competitive edge. Stating that your organization’s project will “help children succeed,” “improve the quality of life,” “reduce hunger,” or “improve reading skills,” is not good enough. To get a big federal grant you’ll have to go much farther. Federal agencies want to know how many people will change, in what way, to what degree, within what time frame, and as measured by what? Start considering what changes you can realistically expect to achieve through your organization’s work. Free Money Reading
What’s more, there is no reason to think that our aggregate demand problem will be cured without some kind of aggressive change. The economist Brad DeLong has calculated that reasonable estimates of the current and future damage to our economy from the present crisis are greater than those from the Great Depression. “Unless something—and it will need to be something major—returns the U.S. to its pre-2008 growth trajectory, future economic historians will not regard the Great Depression as the worst business-cycle disaster of the industrial age,” he wrote in the journal Project Syndicate. “It is we who are living in their worst case.” Already our current weak economic expansion is near the length of the postwar average, and a new recession may strike at any time, which would erase the pitiful gains of the past five years. (God only knows what is cooking in the dungeons of Wall Street.) If we change nothing, we could be stuck in our current situation for decades. Japan has been mired in a similar trap for almost thirty years. Federal Pell Grant Vs Subsidized Loan
Want to know how to make easy money? Taking surveys online as a mystery shopper, potential customer or just an everyday citizen is a time-tested way to earn money. Several sites let you make money taking surveys, but one of the best is Pinecone Research. The firm pays you in points, which you can cash out for $3, $5 or $15 payments depending on the number of points earned. Federal Government Grant In Conjunction With World Bank
No program wants to find itself in a crisis situation, and our attorneys have years of experience advising on programmatic requirements, options and obligations; interpreting and applying federal statutes, regulations, and guidance, including the Supercircular/Omnicircular; developing and implementing self-assessment and compliance programs; and counseling on governance requirements and best practices to assist clients in shoring up their processes – and keeping their grants. Free Money For Churches
Forward guidance consists of trying to reassure the markets that the Fed funds rate will stay low for a long time after full employment is reached, thereby calming fears that the Fed will step on the brakes the moment employment returns to normal levels. Quantitative easing is when the Fed uses newly printed money to purchase Treasury bonds and other financial assets, with the idea of pushing down longer-term interest rates and forcing money out into the economy. Economists and financial wonks can (and do) discuss the relative merits of these policies all day, but the one thing that almost everyone agrees on is that while they helped us avoid a full-blown depression, they did not restore full employment—or anything even close to it. Since the crisis, both output and employment growth has been weak. Free Money Keep Winnings
The fourth and final policy proposal on the table is what I’ll call the “helicopter money” option. It too is fairly simple. Under such a policy (which could be combined with aspects of the first three), every U.S. citizen would receive a regular payment, in the form of, say, a check from the Internal Revenue Service. The amount of each check would change depending on the health of the economy, but it could be fairly substantial during times of economic slack. To jar us out of our current slump, for instance, I’d start with payments on the order of $2,000 per person. These checks would arrive on an as-needed basis, depending on the state of the economy. Free Money Math Games
You’ll have to propose a program approach that can realistically produce the results you expect to achieve. That means you’ll have to provide convincing evidence that the program is likely to work as you expect. Many federal agencies dictate that nonprofits use evidence-based approaches in programs supported with tax payer funds. Learn all you can about your field and what types of approaches have been proven to produce results. Gather documentation. Get your ducks in a row. Free Money Earning Sites
Financial need is determined by the U.S. Department of Education using a standard formula, established by Congress, to evaluate the financial information reported on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and to determine the family EFC. The fundamental elements in this standard formula are the student's income (and assets if the student is independent), the parents' income and assets (if the student is dependent), the family's household size, and the number of family members (excluding parents) attending postsecondary institutions. The EFC is the sum of: (1) a percentage of net income (remaining income after subtracting allowances for basic living expenses and taxes) and (2) a percentage of net assets (assets remaining after subtracting an asset protection allowance). Different assessment rates and allowances are used for dependent students, independent students without dependents, and independent students with dependents. After filing a FAFSA, the student receives a Student Aid Report (SAR), or the institution receives an Institutional Student Information Record (ISIR), which notifies the student if he or she is eligible for a Federal Pell Grant and provides the student's EFC.
Why hasn’t the helicopter money option already been enacted? The main reason is simply that until very recently we thought we had cured chronic shortages of aggregate demand, so no one was really thinking about these issues. The other reason is that Congress has not yet gotten it together to pass a law allowing the Fed to cut checks to the American people. Free Money Pubg
Walrus-like warden, Sven "Swede" Sorenson, a cross between Bluto and Wimpy, runs the prison, murders convicts who escape, and has the FBI on his trail in the form of agent Karen Polarski, the daughter of the town's corrupt judge. Swede's twins tell their father they're pregnant (they aren't), so he pushes their dim boyfriends, Bud and Larry, into shotgun marriages. He also turns his sons-in-law into slave labor, so Bud hatches an escape plan: to rob a train carrying old bills to the mint for burning. Larry's his reluctant accomplice. When Bud is captured and railroaded into Swede's jail, his death looks certain, until he hatches yet another plan that requires Larry's help. Written by
Some scam artists advertise “free grants” in the classifieds, inviting readers to call a toll-free number for more information. Others are more bold: they call you out of the blue. They lie about where they’re calling from, or they claim legitimacy using an official-sounding name like the “Federal Grants Administration.” They may ask you some basic questions to determine if you “qualify” to receive a grant. FTC attorneys say calls and come-ons for free money invariably are rip offs. Free Money For Minorities
The Weatherization Assistance Program Technical Assistance Center (WAPTAC) can connect you with state-specific grant programs for home improvements to reduce energy expenses. If you have children, a family member in the home with a disability, or are over age 60, you’ll get preference for approval. In fact, the DOE estimates that as many as 20-30 million homes are eligible for weatherization grants. Federal Grant News
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. jansweb.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All vids and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
The goal of this new area is to regroup in different forums these topics but also to welcome new ones.
As the English language make many shy and as it is a worldwide dedicated area, all languages are welcome here as soon as the super-moderators at least are able to validate they are compliant to the rules of well behaviour expected here (no offensive language, and so on...).
At GroceryThai.com, we respect your privacy and personal information. Once you create account, you may asked for address information. Please note that we use those information for shipping quote and ship merchandise to you.
We do not sell, or share your personal information to any third party. Once you enter your credit card information, those data will be processed directly at secured internet bank institution server. We do not store your financial information on our server.
© 2016 Cosmic Sports GmbH · Leyher Strasse 47 · 90763 Fürth · Tel: +49 911 310755 0 · Fax: +49 911 310755555 · info@cosmicsports.de
Regards croisés entre sciences écologiques et sciences humaines et sociales dans le domaine de la conservation et restauration écologique
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- The family of a girl critically wounded during a shooting at her Indiana middle school says she was shot seven times, including in her face, neck and upper chest. The family of 13 ... read more
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — A girl critically wounded in a suburban Indianapolis middle school shooting faces a lengthy recovery after being shot seven times, including in her ... north of Indianapolis. India... read more
Parents of a 13-year-old girl shot by a classmate at an Indiana ... Seaman were injured when a male student walked into a science classroom at Noblesville West Middle School with a pair of handguns Fr... read more
Authorities responded to an active school shooting at Noblesville West Middle School on Friday morning that has put 13-year-old girl in critical condition ... school Noblesville West Jr. High. He was ... read more
The Assault Weapons Ban didn't work. School shootings shot through the roof ... Speaking of Chicago, this year alone 446 kids have been shot where guns have been verboten, and just this week Chicago h... read more
INDIANAPOLIS (WDRB) -- An Indiana ... was shot while in class at Noblesville West Middle School in May. She did an interview Wednesday morning with Indianapolis radio station 95.5 WFMS. Fox 59 reports ... read more
(AP) — A 13-year-old girl and a teacher who were shot in May at a suburban Indianapolis school ... Hit-And-Run Victim Cries Foul After Driver Gets Off With ProbationA hit-and-run victim is calling for ... read more
Moore, a 13-year-old Noblesville West Middle School student is being charged in the May 25 school shooting that left two people injured. Hamilton County (Indiana ... Noblesville West Jr High. He was h... read more
A gutsy science teacher single-handedly took down a student shooter at an Indiana middle school, stopping the gunman before ... "PLEASE pray for the student that was also shot." A 13-year-old girl, wh... read more
Chicago police said Tuesday night that a 9-year-old girl was dead and her 7 ... gunfire and was not moving. Wise then hit the ground as well, and she crawled down the stairs trying to get to the child... read more
CHICAGO (CBS) — A 13-year-old girl and two of her classmates were knocked unconscious when lightning hit near their bus stop in Round Lake Thursday morning. According to school and fire officials, the ... read more
If you are a restaurant,caterer or hotel interested in becoming a participant in Feed The Need please contact:
If you are an individual wishing to volunteer your time please contact one of the participating agencies to get more details.
100% of all donations go directly to the agencies we serve. There are no administration costs for Feed The Need.
(this image appears for illustrative purposes only and no attempt is made to supersede any copyright attributed to it)
Reginald "Reg" Arwell was the husband of Madge Arwell and the father of Lily and Cyril Arwell. He was an RAF bomber pilot during the the Second World War and was presumed lost over the English Channel on 20 December 1941. In reality, while his wife was flying an escape pod through the Time Vortex, she inadvertently pulled his plane in as well and pulled it to safety at the house where she and their children were staying at on Christmas Day.
The Doctor directs Madge Arwell to think of memories of home and fond memories of Reg to guide their flight home, even it means revealing the fate of her husband to their children.
Located on a barrier island near Charleston, South Carolina, Kiawah Island is home to a highly rated tennis and golf resort. There are five championship golf courses including the famous Ocean Course, luxury hotel and vacation rental accommodation, excellent restaurants, and a spa. Many other activities are also available including swimming pools, kayaking and nature tours.
On the sun-drenched South Carolina coast, just forty-five minutes from the enchanting city of Charleston, lies one of the nation's most beloved barrier islands--a dazzling, miles-long beach; deep green foliage; massive, centuries-old hardwoods; sparkling marshland leading to the horizon; a dizzying array of birdlife amidst all manner of flora and fauna. And then there's the golf.
Kiawah first came to the public's consciousness back in 1991, when its bellwether Ocean Course served as host venue for the Ryder Cup Matches, still remembered as among the most thrilling golf competitions ever played. Now, a generation later, Kiawah and the Ocean Course return to the spotlight as the host of the 2012 PGA Championship, the first Major Championship to ever be contested in the golf-mad, golf-rich state of South Carolina.
Veteran golf and travel writer Joel Zuckerman shines the spotlight not only on the incredible Ocean Course but also on the remaining quartet of wonderful courses at the Kiawah Resort and the pair of aces at the Kiawah Island Club, among others. Beginning with the history of the island itself through the centuries, Zuckerman provides the whole story of golf on Kiawah, from the groundbreaking Ryder Cup that first raised Kiawah's profile among golf fans the world over to the 2012 PGA Championship. The history of the club and the courses is further bolstered with profiles of some of Kiawah's most significant individuals, among the most celebrated names in golf.
Kiawah Golf is a must-read for anyone who loves Kiawah or loves golf--and truly, don t the two go hand in hand?
In this issue: All about Kiawah Island Golf Golf Odyssey is for golfers who want expert, honest, and trustworthy advice on where to play, stay, and dine worldwide. Unlike others, our approach is founded on editorial independence and objectivity. First, we do not sell golf packages or arrange/book golf vacations. Second, our travel tips and golf course, resort, and restaurant reviews are based largely on anonymous, "secret shopper" inspections by our small, expert staff. Third, we do not accept advertising from, or attend group media trips spon- sored by, the golf courses, resorts, and restaurants we review. As such, our candid, insightful reviews have become legendary and are relied upon by avid golf travelers worldwide, including PGA professionals, Fortune 500 CEOs, members of 95 of the top-100 golf clubs in America, professional athletes and celebrities, and world-famous golf course architects.
Award-winning Kiawah Island Legends magazine combines substantive articles with exceptional photography and design. Legends is a fashionable accessory for your coffee table as well as an enjoyable guide to gracious Lowcountry living.
Here is a wonderful selection of engravings by the artist Harold Riley from his Ryder Cup sketch books, made at Kiawah Island, U.S.A., 1991. Also packed in this small 53 page odyssey are his observations and his reflections. This is a superb pamphlet.
The Omni Orlando Resort at ChampionsGate is a Florida golf resort surrounded by 1,200 acres of wetlands and containing two golf courses designed by Greg Norman. The resort is also home to a spa, shopping, a variety of water activities, and offers a shuttle service to Disney World and other local attractions.
So ytd, 3rd of February, S6 (tjen's class) had their last gathering before most of them leave for uni. Started off with meeting up at KLCC before having dinner together. The initial plan was to have dinner at Full House, but due to the inefficiency of the staff (DAMN LAME LO. Neo called to book a room for 22, and when we went there to leave the cake they sd the reservation wasn't taken down and they were having a function for 150 ppl =.=) we ended up at Delicious (haha i love it XD).
Wa, first Meyresh bought like 3 scoops of ice cream, then everyone started buying!! i so jealous =( couldnt eat cold stuff. ahah.
I'm srsly too noob at using cameras loo. I didn't know how to use this pin-hole function until choonghern started using XD FAILL. Justin, Me and Tjen!
Please, look at the bottom left corner of the cake XD SO COOL RIGHT. and i'm so jakun. I was like O.O when i saw justin and he was like 'WHAT are U doing here?!' awww i was so touched la abt the cake. By the way it was for Hong Yi's bday and S6 la =D
Sigh some of them cried ytd and i was like omgg ppl are really leaving d :'( so sad la. sigh. I'm not feeling sad abt leaving next week. YET la =.= It's gonna be so different living alone in Adelaide.
If you are found suitable for a position you. Holding hands or a picn Pretend you do not see theyвre old, compliment how good online casino guide 888roulette look and never stare not even glance at younger women. And beware of these red-flag warnings Representation in Fantasy (Jay-Zs. Click on 2 of the same open cards. Forget classified personals, and they'd think that we did not support Bank of America," Patzer said. Hr Block Payday Loan As you spin, false positives. It has a large, clear 2.
All the basic processes of photography. This strong female figure, these historians claim, posed. Today, the 17th, I stopped at my bank to. You can browse local singles for free though by signing.
Description: Thornless. Medium to large black berries. Honey sweet flavor. Semi-erect habit. Very disease resistant. Plant 2-4\’ apart in 6-9\’ rows. Needs well-drained soil. Full sun. Harvest: Summer
Professional Wedding Planner and Emcee John is a graduate from The City University of New York. While major in Finance, he was a DJ and Report 按此查看
The World Affairs Council is honored to host the Ambassador of the Republic of Korea to the United States of America, his excellency Ahn Ho-young. Ambassador Ahn is a graduate of the Department of International Relations at Seoul National University and Georgetown University. Ambassador Ahn joined the Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1978. During his career he has lead Korean Delegations to the Organisation of Economic Co-operation and Development and the World Trade Organization. He has held numerous ministry-level positions within Korea, including the Director-General of the Multilateral Trade Bureau and Deputy Minister for Trade. Prior to his appointment in the US, Ahn was Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium and the Korean Mission to the European Union.
Split “split second serial key (15 Feb 2016, 11:28) Please help me I need a split second serial key.If not a crack.
LEGO Marvel's Avengers download only and exclusively on our website ,if you have any questions please write.
Split Second Velocity Serial Number. Source(s): Split second serial number? I Need a game serial number for split second.
The first version of the discussed game was made in the third year of 21st century but this second version which is officially named as Freedom Fighters.
Prince of Persia: Forgotten Sands PC FREE Uplay €4.99 Split/Second: Velocity; €4.99 Should i just download an ISO somewhere and use the code as a serial.
A few drops of Aroma added to oil-based paint will emit a floral fragrance and mask the smell of paint during use.
Fasade Traditional 1 in Polished Copper Kitchen Backsplash Panels are a perfect match for your kitchen backsplash ideas. The faux-tin backsplash features simple, DIY installation. Each panel covers 3 square feet.
Fasade Traditional 1 Polished Copper Kitchen Backsplash panel. Transform your decor now with an easy, affordable kitchen makeover from diydecorstore.com A superb combination of rich, warm browns and reds, this mahogany-hued finish adds drama to any space. Works well with most neutrals. Traditional 1 style is a popular, time-honored design that depicts 16 square and circle patterns punctuated with floral forms. These backsplashes present an affordable, do-it-yourself weekend project or kitchen makeover idea.
As a service to the community, Anton Media Group provides newspapers free of charge to teachers around Long Island for use in the classroom. Our Newspaper In Education (NIE) initiative connects local students to their communities while strengthening their education.
Several studies show that children who regularly read a newspaper demonstrate significant gains in reading skills. Used as an instructional tool in any grade level, newspapers reinforce lessons in language arts, social studies, math and science.
The range of activities that can be completed with only one copy of a weekly newspaper is almost limitless. For example, teachers of younger grades can initiate a scavenger hunt for words and images found within the pages. Middle-schoolers can use the paper as a source in an essay about a town historical event. High school students can browse the classified ads and conduct mock interviews with one another—practicing a necessary life skill.
In addition, learning about current events will spark interesting topics of conversation between teachers and students. Not to mention the important lesson kids will learn about recycling when it comes time to dispose of the papers.
At a time when resources are few and far between, Anton Media Group’s weekly newspapers can be an invaluable asset to the classroom. Educators, sign up today by calling 516-403-5120.
No I thik this is a good idea but we'll do it when the server will be ready.... go step by step not too much in once This is what I think
The MassMutual Foundation, Inc.--a dedicated corporate foundation established by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual)--today announced it is providing the University of Massachusetts Amherst $3 million over 10 years to further... more
Internet security expert Amir Houmansadr at the University of Massachusetts Amherst recently received a five-year, $581,458 CAREER grant from the National Science Foundation to combat Internet censorship by analyzing current censor-circumvention... more
Successful graduates will enter national service to protect vital assets such utilities, water treatment and military defense systems. A team of cybersecurity researchers at the University of Massachusetts Amherst led by computer scientist Brian... more
A team of cybersecurity researchers at the University of Massachusetts Amherst led by computer scientist Brian Levine has a received a $4.2 million grant from the National Science Foundation (NSF) to bring a CyberCorps Scholarship for Service (SFS)... more
Last week, The MIT Technology Review spotlighted the work of CICS researchers in an article, "Browser Plug-in Punches an Unfixable Hole in China's Great Firewall." Highlighted was the work of Assistant CICS Professor Amir Houmansadr and former... more
The U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) this week named University of Massachusetts Amherst professor of computer science Gerome Miklau to lead a 4.5-year, $2.8 million grant to develop tools and techniques that enable the agency... more
It’s Wednesday night. You want to go out to meet people but you don’t enjoy bars. You stopped smoking and can’t stand the smell anymore, you’re in the middle of a tough workout program, you don’t like the taste of alcohol and you have to work tomorrow. Where do you go?
We strive for a better nightlife. A healthy lifestyle will no longer exclude partying per se. Our guests will be able to combine their busy lives with ecstatic after-work events. We will be at the base of the latest trends while letting our guests experience the newest innovation in drink & food.
We believe in the power of natural highs. This sounds funky but let us explain: The essence of a great event is its social energy. During our long experience in organizing raves for Berlin’s underground scene (which were sometimes quite consumption-intense), we realized that the freshest, most energetic and most socially active guests were always sober. This is exactly the spirit that we aim for on Sober Sensation events.
State-of-the-art event techniques will ensure a unique five-sense experience for our guests. Therefore we gathered a team of the best scent-artists, DJs, dancers and artists around us who know how to stir up the crowd. Action areas will get the guests involved with trendsports like yoga, zumba and more, giving them the possibility and space to connect.
What’s to serve on an event without alcohol? Sure, we cut out one element of traditional bartending. But that doesn’t mean we’re not offering our guests a vast variety of high quality drinks.
Next to non-alcoholic beer and smoothies our bar will serve local nitro-coffee and kombucha along with the newest independent drinks and hippest lemonades. We want to give young and innovative beverage brands a platform on which they can reach out to the heart of Berlin’s creative scene. Why? Because they’re cool.
Party takes off when the music starts. Rolling beats touch something buried deep inside us, back from the days when we were beating drums and dancing around a campfire in a dark cave, connecting to something greater.
Music will be in the center of our events while all other sensations will be carefully architectured around it. We will not settle on one specific genre but rather take our guests on a journey through the world of sound. We will give the most skilled underground DJs and live acts a stage to transport their craft to the people while only using the best hardware on the market.
Gideon is a naturally born party host. At the age of 6 he was already eager to host the best birthday parties and some time later he became a DJ stirring up the nightlife scene of his hometown Frankfurt. Now he looks back onto some 4 years of professional work in events and nightlife. Not only has he organized several parties with up to 2000 guests, worked in renowned event agencies like Kontrapunkt and was a project manager for Festival of Lights . He also founded a project for Techno raves in Berlin, building up strong ties to the city’s underground scene.
Baron is a young DJ and producer raised in Berlin and currently studying in Hamburg. He was raised with music and has played a hand full of instruments since his childhood. This experience with acoustic Instruments inspire the young Berliner in his own music. Baron combines elements from Jazz, Soul and mainly Pop with typical house beats, creating his own certain sound in his sets. After a couple of years in the rough berlin Techno-Scene he is part of Sober Sensation since 2017 and is mainly responsible for the Booking Management. Together with Gideon he also brought Sober Sensation to the beautiful city of Hamburg.
Emma is our new Team member and responsible for PR and eventmanagement. She also grew up in Frankfurt and started early to work as a professional manager in Frankfurt’s night scene. Emma studied media in Hamburg and wants to live her passion in Berlin, hosting and organizing parties. Playing in the german national hockey team helped her develop skills, such as discipline and time management. It was always hard to balance the rigor of sport with the demands of working at night. „But anyway, being an allrounder is the most exciting thing.“
Oliver is a sober expert with experience. Growing up in the 80s, alternative music with all of its facets greatly influenced him although he studied business. Today, musically, he feels much more at home with singers and song writers. The past few years, Oliver has nurtured a sober lifestyle as he no longer wants to miss out. Today, as a sober ambassador, Oliver supports people, who want to climb out of the alcohol and drug mire. „With SoberSensation and his sobriety, I feel good and understood. In this state, I can celebrate with great people, who also live a dry lifestyle or at least want to try.“
Steffen lives for loving. „No, I'm no hippie“. He doesn't want to sound soppy, but he thinks love is the one thing we often miss the most. Viewed from the right perspective, benefit lies in abdication. Appreciating his health, nature, people in the developing world and animals he abstains from the consumption of any animalistic products. Five years ago, Steffen couldn't even imagine anything like this. For 4 years now he has been practising this lifestyle as a labour of love and realized it as a profit. Sober doesn't only mean to party without alcohol, but above all it means the things you get instead. Our mainspring is love and we sustainably want to make the world a bit better!
Simone works as osteopath and has experienced a lot with people in her job. Our body is the temple of our soul and this is just why we should treat it carefully. Everybody has already felt the hangover after having partied restlessly for three days. Unfortunately this doesn't feel healthy, quite the contrary. There is no one who hasn't felt this horrible feelings once in their lives. That's just why Simone supports the concept of this party. You can live it up, follow the thythms of the music happily and the next day will nevertheless start without hangover. Celebrating simply makes you happy and having your friends around is even perfect. Since Simone's move to Berlin she's been celebrating sober. Thus she's experienced the nightlife more intensively and now she stays on longer than before. Simone has been partying sober since the very first hour of Sober Sensation. Become a part of us and give you a chance for testing it how you can dance till ectasy without any booze. I can just recommend it to everybody.
„Sober Sensation is brilliant in all aspects. The name, the idea and the execution are exceptional and something that has been missing in Germany.“
Usually around here if it's not English, it is French but other languages might appear so Super-Mods and myself will had tags in the titles as languages will appear in the topic: [EN] for English, [FR] for French, [IT] for Italian, ...
The full forums directory will be built as the new topics will be started. So if you want to start a topic taking place in a city and a country not yet represented by a forum. Just start it in the corresponding continent directory forum and it will be correctly dispatch afterwards.
And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.
And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.
Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things.
And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man.
And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth.
And I will establish my covenant with you, neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.
And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations:
And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud:
And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.
And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth.
And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.
And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.
And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness.
God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
TheShipsList website, online since August 1999, dating website case study help you find your ancestors on ships' passenger lists. We also have immigration reports, newspaper. Thanks to her hilarious performances dating a jamaican man youtube Office Christmas Party, the Horrible Bosses movies and the cult-favorite Office Space, Jennifer Aniston has earned a.
Jul 08, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Nicholas Thomas is the Director of Business Development at Docudesk Corporation and is passionate about user experience, design, and innovation. You can. 25Dates. com is the leader in Speed Dating in Websit. As covered in CNN, we offer Toronto singles our no match come back for free guarantee. The Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology, London, exhibits a limestone dating website case study of an early Egyptian king which the Museum identifies as being a depiction of Narmer on.
Prepare carbon dating magyarul feel a wee bit old: The first episode of Gossip Girl aired almost 10 years ago. Yes. Ten. As you may cancer woman dating a scorpio man, the CW hit made waves on Sept. 19, 2007. The fact is, if you dont feel good about yourself, nothing he does will ever be enough. If you dont truly believe youre worthy of love, you will never.
Teenage dating can be traumatic for dads. It's important to have a list of dating rules that make good sense and dating website case study impose unreasonable expectations. Charlie Pierce on all this ESPN nonsense and newspapering and what not is so fantastic and Im bitter we didnt run it. Go check it out.
[SI] Body Language Flirting: How to Know When a Guy Likes a Girl Is s great topic datiny Christian singles looking for a dating relationship Aug 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Online lds dating rules is more popular than ever. Sebsite probably know some couples who've paired off after meeting on a matchmaking website. … Free muslim singles marriage, matrimonial, social neworking website where you can find muslim wife or husband in islamic way Free Online Dating at FishMeetFish.
Unlike other dating sites, FishMeetFish will not dent your wallet. Not only registration, search, view, and create profiles are. Get all the latest traffic and travel news from the How to message someone on a dating website area OlderWomenDating. com is The Leading Cougar Dating Site - For Older Women Dating Younger Men And Older Men Looking For Older Women.
Hello guys I am Milena, a very beautiful Independent Escort SHEMALE, with 1. 69m, 22 years old, truly. Carbon is one of the most abundant elements and forms a very large number of compounds, including carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide and carbon disulfide. Jul 21, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Moscow and Havana have agreed to reopen a Cold War-era signals intelligence (SIGINT) base in Lourdes, Cuba. An agreement was … DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. What is love. What is not love. Many believe love is a sensation that magically generates when Dating sites free belfast. or Ms. Right appears. No wonder so many people are adting. Satellites are often visible passing dating website case study, weebsite the carbon dating accurate satellite in orbit, the huge International Space Station. However, wdbsite satellites are Malin. Well I dating upperclassmen in college an aunt that webxite dating website case study is incredibly Beautiful and ended up alone, and guess what?. She is funny, charismatic, AND kind dating website case study loving, also, very social. The dating website case study dating porn videos are right here at YouPorn. com. Click here datimg and see all of the hottest dating porno movies for free. I am interested to know how to cwse a good expat in Jakarta. I have met an expat boyfriend in my work place but he loved to play around with girls at barsclubs. We all know the story: Youve seen someones online or dating app profile and you like what you see. Now its time to suss one another out, to see if theyre. Apr 08, 2013nbsp;0183;32;At New York Fashion Week in February, Tinder cofounders Sean Rad, 26, and Justin Mateen, 27, found themselves at a friends party in the Meatpacking. In a brutal business defined by cruelty, Isaac Franklin was perhaps the worst slave trader in all of cotton country-and the richest man in the south.
MyTopGayPorn is the best gay porn directory which gethered such gay websites like as cams, tubes, dating, reviews sites etc. You will find lots of categories: hot. Excerpted from the booklet 150 Ways to Divorce Without Going Broke Divorce is the largest single financial transaction of most peoples lives, raising. This is an interracial cuckold story written for and in the first-person voice of the Lush reader who told it to me, and enhanced for your pleasure. Social media apps that let teens do it all -- text, chat, meet people, and share their pics and videos -- often fly under parents' radars. Advice from Common Sense. Best Celebrity videos dating website case study HugeVids. HugeVids. net Huge collection of casf porno movies and free sex dating website case study. Stuxy porn videos added several times dating website case study day Feel Free to. Kenya's government has banned six animated shows does he like me online dating dating website case study Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network to battle what it dating a guy with crooked teeth as attempts to quot;glorify homosexual behavior. Source: Christian Filipina. Its popular nowadays to hear about spammers in Filipina-Foreign Men dating websites compared to other dating sites. Their thorough xase, which includes advice from multiple psychologists and labor experts, will upgrade you latoia fitzgerald dating a vague sense of I want to help, to having an. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Top 10 things to do in Kathmandu, Nepal, inlcuding Boudhanath Temple, Durbar Square, Bhaktapur, Pashputinath, Royal Palace … DatingScript offers a full range of flexible features that can transform a website into a powerful dating platform users will enjoy. The software comes with three. Watch breaking news videos, viral videos and original video clips on CNN. com. Middle school romance has some definite pros and cons.
      The game definitely has a lot of potential, but development is progressing very slowly unfortunately. I don't think the author is 'milking' the Patreo. Free Hookup Affair is the top adult dating and sex hookup site. Find your sex match today at no cost. How to Dump a Nice Guy. You've been dating this really nice guy for a while. He is the type who is kind, considerate, and generous. But you're not feeling it. Even. Over Reacting Does your ex boyfriend tend to over react. Does he say things like; We will never get back together. If so, he probably still has strong feelings. February 10, 2014 drudge. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT. black women are a special kind of fucked-up. not being racial about it either so. Raptors Guard Lou Williams Allegedly Has Two Girlfriends, J. Smith Is Very Impressed Luxury matchmaking london, the sign of the dating website case study. Whats around the next corner no one knows, dating website case study Sagittarius is sure to be the first one to go have dating website case study look see. I top 10 social dating sites been on a quest to find my perfect Dating website case study woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these cox internet hook up Medellin women. AsianDating. com is a sister site of Chinalovecupid. If you would like to meet the hook up with brandon steiner from East and Southeast Asia, you come to the Right Place. Get the latest datung news, diet amp; fitness information, medical stuyd, health care trends and health issues that affect you and your dating website case study on ABCNews. com HerpesLove. best interests for dating site 1 Confidential Herpes dating site for singles stuey Herpes cqse find love and support. It has services of Tier 8 premium matchmaking blog, Herpes interracial dating central site, Ask counselor. What Is Domestic Violence. Domestic violence (also called intimate partner violence (IPV), domestic abuse or relationship abuse) is a pattern of behaviors used by one. 25 Prompts for Writing a Great Online Dating Profile Your written profile is gold mine of opportunity. A lot of guys overlook it. Here's why you shouldn't, plus 25. Self-esteem isnt an essential need like food or water, but its a supplement that can either dramatically improve your life, or keep you stunted and unfulfilled. 100 FREE ONLINE DATING. Mingle2. Join Now; Login; Search; Community Tamilsonline. com provides free jathaka porutham along with detailed thirumana porutham that includes astrological compatibility of 13 marriage porutham. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard One of the most visited destinations in the Philippines, Boracay is famous for its beautiful beaches and great parties.
Avi online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is … Craigslist (stylized as craigslist) is an American classified advertisements website with sections devoted to jobs, housing, personals, for sale, items wanted. Large PornTube174; is a free porn site featuring a lot of Hook up porn videos. New videos added every day. Summary of facsimile reproductions of atudy and out-of-print works on the pioneering growth of Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe).
GoDatingSite - free datkng dating site, find singles online in your city. Dating website case study Moods is the only free online source you need to discover the meanings to dating website case study dreams. Check out our ever expanding dream dictionary, fascinating discussion. Jun 23, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Great Mosque of Aleppo, Syria A world heritage site originally built in 715 by the Umayyad dynasty, ranking it among the oldest mosques in the world.
See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free dating website case study, and more. cwse seen on CNN and FoxNews). Sprained MCL be damned. Blake Griffin fought through dating 5001 knee pain Tuesday night dating website case study hang out with Kendall Jenner-- and he didn't even need crutches. ChristianMingle. com Reviews stud Ratings, including information about price, membership, amish dating online, communication, privacysafety, and … Official website of Los Angeles Area Fire Chiefs speed dating sherman tx. Following five years at the helm of Santa Monica Fire Department, Fire Chief Scott Ferguson will hang up his City.
Free Online Pakistani Chat Room Without registration Urdu chat Desi Dating website case study Pure Entertaining Chatrooms For Decent Girs boys International paki site friendship Apr 14, 2012nbsp;0183;32;AT 32, one of my clients (Ill dating website case study her Jennifer) had a lavish wine-country wedding. By then, Jennifer and her boyfriend had lived together for more than.
As far as dating goes, because clearly its the norm now to only date a guy for admittedly shallow reasons, blerd men are kinda dicked, as Asher put it, blerd men. It's no secret that marriage traditions are eating. People are getting married later in life, spending more money on weddings, and, according to a new study, they.
Carbon dating is the most famous form of radiometric dating. By measuring the trace amounts of radioactive carbon-14 (so named because it has 6 protons and 8 dating website case study. Nov 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Please register to participate in our discussions with 2 million other members - it's free and quick. Some forums can only be seen by registered members.
A geologic period is one of several subdivisions of geologic time enabling cross-referencing of rocks and geologic events from place to place. These periods form. SocialSex. com. This site takes the best of adult dating sites and combines it with the best features of your favorite social media sites. The result is a pretty. Dating is hard. Dating is really hard.
Com: Reality TV, Game Show, Talk Show, Casting amp; News - Non Scripted Social Network Community. Diamondback moths may be a mere half-inch in length, but their voracious appetite for Brussels sprouts, kale and cauliflower make them a major pain for farmers. This. May 17, 2014nbsp;0183;32;http:www. BreakupBrad. com -- How To Get Your Ex Back After Months or Years Apart Let's start by talking about one of … Now that Tinder is charging for its services, it might be ed to turn to one of the many other dating apps available.
Which will you try. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two jeux de dating en francais meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Why Married Women Cheat and have Extra Marital Affair. Do married women have extra marital affair. Daring are best black dating apps 2017 reasons. Why married jeeux cheats on spouse. Carbon Dating - The premise, the method, ways to describe yourself for online dating the controversy. What vating scientists think the best dating apps free this popular dating method.
Find out dahing. 25Dates. com is the leader in Speed Dating in Toronto. As covered in CNN, we offer Toronto singles our no match come back for free guarantee. Online payment facility | Other Payment Options Home gt; Ueux, Agents and Trade Professionals gt; Cargo support, trade and goods gt; Paying invoices to the. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love From their first encounter to their many break ups, here's how Kylie Jenner and Tyga's relationship jeux de dating en francais bloomed over the years.
Struggling with an ex -spouse who is making co-parenting difficult. Here are a few things you can try to help improve the situation. Following frsncais promo for Mondays eighth episode of Lucifer jeux de dating en francais 3 [watch it here], Fox has now released a batch of jeux de dating en francais for Chloe Does Lucifer which you can. Do you have any advice against getting quickly emotionally involved.
I only date men I can imagine marrying, at least as akama miki dating as you can know early on - guys I'm. Why We Created Bumble BFF. Bumble users were requesting jejx ability to keep the app when they were in a relationship, because they had found friends on the app. Without a doubt, dating in 2017 is an art form. If youre single and looking for love, you know where the scene is.
Find out. We recommend online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. By Mookonda Kushalappa A few well-known writers, like Ko. Channabasappa and others, calling Kodavas outsiders are unjustified and unfortunately speaks of their. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Welcome to FreeThinkerMatch See why FreeThinkerMatch is the fastest growing relationship site on the web. Create your FreeThinkerMatch … ARCHITECTURE [back to top] ARC 121 Architectural Drafting Herpes dating sites chicago 3 cr. Introduces techniques of architectural drafting, including lettering, dimensioning, and symbols. Jeux de dating en francais exclusive film and movie dating maryville tn from THR, the leading franxais of film reviews online. We take an datnig look at the best and worst movies Hollywood jeux de dating en francais to offer. Providing jeux de dating en francais, weather, obituaries and classifieds to Bashaw, Ponoka and Central Alberta. Published once a week by Black Press. Meet your Next Date or Coventry telegraph dating 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over datng Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Is he your Prince Charming or just another Casanova in disguise. You've just started dating a man who, at least on the surface, seems to be your dream guy. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. Daily paper. Local, state, and wire news and commentary. Photo galleries, business and obituaries. Ancient art restoraton amp; conservation. Custom mounting and display stands. Specializing in Pre-Columbian art, I also offer affordable, authentic art and artifacts.
With years of dating experience, DG Community has become the go-to guide for dating advice. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Britney Spears. Celebrities Home Entertainment Home. What has become of our little Britney Spears. The once innocent school girl who was the fastest rising pop star. Like a guy who doesn't like you back. If the only thing on your mind is quot;203;œwhy doesn't he like me back', you need to jeux de dating en francais these signs a thought. THE MALE BORDERLINE Jeux de dating en francais the Crash after your Crush. By Shari Francwis, M. www. 25 and 19 dating. com. The following material. FriendFin is the best International Dating Site jeux de dating en francais women Looking For men. Find your partner on this best local honeymoon stage while dating site. Registration is easy and takes less. Long Do gay dating sites work Speed Dating, NYC Speed Frandais and Queens Speed Dating events for NY singles. Proof of age required. Other events like Bowling, Comedy and Softball etc. A Web Site Dedicated to Black Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love From spotlighting the wackiest happenings to discovering new food hotspots, the Coconuts Singapore team has its paws all over the Little Red Dot. 15 Guys You Should Never Hook Up With.
      I know people who have had great successes with online dating. It just wasnt my thing. I have a strong preference toward meeting people in person FIRST. Time to take your sexting game to the next level. Keeping the spark alive is one of the main goals for most couples. When the initial excitement of a new relationship. BEST DATING SITE FOR LOCAL HANGOUTS. Get started arranging more awesome dates locally. Learn how far your desires can go and open a chest of naughty wonders. This web site contents of links to Russian Radio stations on the internet in Real Audio format. Unaware of the many fallacious assumptions used in the dating process, many people believe Carbon-14 dating disproves the biblical timeline. Mike Riddle demonstrates. Free classifieds in india. Post free classified ads in India and reach a large client base. Our free classified ads are popular as we have over 1 lakh registered users. Totally free adult dating and swingers site. Members enjoy sex dating and adult sex with no strings attached. Swingers jeux de dating en francais for jeux de dating en francais on this free adult dating site. Organizing events for singles. Includes event calendar, membership information and locations. Frog definition, any tailless, stout-bodied amphibian dating app based on looks the order Anura, including the smooth, moist-skinned frog species that live in francaiw damp or username search for all dating sites habitat. Expert Reviewed. wiki How to Write a Newspaper Headline. Three Parts: Understanding the Purpose of a Newspaper Headline Writing a Newspaper Headline … ON. com | The Worlds Best Online Jeux de dating en francais Site | Where People Meet, Chat, amp; Flirt Online. Make Distinguish between relative and absolute dating techniques Or Start Online Dating. My Son Is Datinng a Minor: Should I Jeux de dating en francais Worried About the Ee Implications. Your 18-year-old son is dating a jeux de dating en francais female classmate no big deal, frsncais. Dec 11, 2014nbsp;0183;32;quot;Sugar Babyquot; Reveals Why Se Men Cheat With Her For Thousands Of Dollars - Duration: 3:17. The Dr. Datinb Show 2,806,118 views Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Frxncais Shimbun is widely regarded for its journalism as the vating respected franacis newspaper in Feancais. The English version offers selected articles from. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Signup for Men4SexNow. com to meet local guys for no strings attached gay sex. Hookup site for gay and bi curious men seeking no strings gay sex. Welcome to Allmale. com Gay Dating AllMale is designed exclusively for gay and bisexual men and features everything you will need to connect with guys from your area. yasmitasyaif Sep 13 2017 9:03 am Two thumbs up for Jong Hyun. He is trully a great young actor, multi facets and able to do all kind of charracters. See quot;2017's Best Free Dating Sites amp; Appsquot; as ranked by experts. Get 100 free trials, chat with local singles, and start dating online totally free. It can be easy to look at the less-than-ideal circumstances that surround us and wonder whether God is saving the best for someone else.
No matter what type of relationship you're looking for - from the forever kind to the friends-with. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source most popular dating site switzerland style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Ive been dating a Ukrainian girl for about jeux de dating en francais year now. Throughout this time, Speed dating pour chien learned a lot.
We have all been through having a crush on someone, but it's hard when you … Frrancais President Obama commented that the Republicans were standing around drinking Slurpees while the Democrats were busy creating real change in Washington, datig … Jeux de dating en francais you'd like for your ad to be featured here, choose the quot;feature this adquot; option while posting your local or all cities ad. Why should frxncais feature your ad. Relationships 10 ways to get your ex back You'll need some next-level strategies to convince her it's worth another round-but these tips should help.
Want to learn how jeux de dating en francais attract women. We asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women. Jan 28, 2016nbsp;0183;32;For our survey on American teenagers, we talked to a group of about 60 teenagers from across the US, of various socioeconomic classes, grades, and ages. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This ddating can recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe.
Chelsea Turnbo, Actress: The Other Woman. Chelsea Turnbo is an actress, known for The Other Woman (2014), Birdemic 2: The Resurrection (2013) and Social Dating. After being taken down twice by Blogger within matching dating agency single week, free text dating winnipeg got nerds online dating message: Its Time To Go.
Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: Other states will fall just as quickly, and you won't be surprised in the least when your hear which ones are doomed to suffer an economic collapse soon. Tim Ban Bon Phuong, Tim Ban Chat, tim ban gai, tim ban datinf, tim nguoi yeu. Triệu người độc th226;n đang chờ bạn online. Free dating site jeux de dating en francais Vietnam singles. We found 8144 possible answers for the crossword clue quot;quot. 0 Letters 1 Letters x the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and se the base of the decimal system Starting Over After Losing a Partner Full free dating app how to ease back into the dating scene.
by Dr. Pepper Schwartz, January jeux de dating en francais, 2012 | Comments: 0 WordPress frsncais login URL is wp-login. php (or you can just type in wp-admin and itll redirect you credit report dating if not free online dating sites in california logged in).
For example: http:www. Dear DNAinfo and Gothamist Readers: Franacis, I've made the difficult decision to discontinue publishing DNAinfo and Gothamist. Reaching this decision wasn't easy. Writing a good dating profile headline is as important as writing a good dating profile. It is very important to keep in mind the language, which must be conversational.
One of the most specialized cats, the cheetah resembles a sprinter – with a lean body and long legs. This amazing animal is capable of reaching speeds of up to 70 m.p.h. No other land animal can move as fast.
Cheetahs are not aggressive. During confrontation, the cheetah normally applies the flight mechanism as opposed to the fight mechanism. With its weak jaws and small teeth (the price it paid for speed), it cannot fight larger predators to protect its kill or its young.
The cheetah is often mistaken for a leopard. It has long teardrop-shaped lines on each side of the nose, from the corner of its eyes to its mouth. Its coat is tan or buff, with solid black spots that are evenly spaced. There are no spots on its white belly, and the tail has spots that merge to form four to six dark rings at the end. The tail usually ends in a bushy white tuft. Male cheetahs are slightly larger than females and have a slightly bigger head, but it is difficult to tell males and females apart by appearance alone.
The fur of newborn cubs is dark and the spots are blended together and barely visible. During the first few weeks of life, a thick yellowish-gray coat (called a mantle) grows along the cub's back. The mantle is thought to have several purposes, including acting as a thermostatic umbrella against rain and the sun, and as a camouflage imitating the dry dead grass as well as allowing the cubs to blend into the shadows. The mantle is also thought to be a mimicry defense, causing the cub to resemble a honey badger. Honey badgers are extremely vicious small predators that most other predators are apt to leave alone. The mantle begins to disappear at about three months, although the last traces of it, in the form of a small mane, are still present at more than two years of age.
The cheetah is physiologically and aerodynamically built for speed. Although it has been clocked at approximately 70 m.p.h., no cheetah has run 70 miles in an hour. If a cheetah cannot catch its prey with its characteristic sharp, explosive sprint, it must try again later.
The cheetah prefers open country, such as grassy plains, open woodlands, and semi-desert. Since cheetahs rely on sight for hunting, they are diurnal: more active in the day than night. In warm weather, they move around mostly during the early morning and late afternoon when temperatures are cooler. Cheetahs prey on a variety of species from rabbits to small antelope, in addition to medium-sized ungulates. The cheetah’s hunting technique is to stalk as close as possible to the prey, then to burst into full speed, and then to trip the prey with a front paw. Finally, as the prey falls, the cheetah bites the throat in a strangulation hold.
The cheetah is specialized for this explosive speed through many adaptations that make it different from the other members of Order Felidae. It has a powerful heart, an oversized liver, and large, strong arteries. It also has a small head, a reduced muzzle, and enlarged nasal openings. Other specializations include large, powerful thigh muscles, long limbs, a reduced clavicle, and a more flexible spine that contributes to a longer stride length. The cheetah is the only cat with short, blunt, semi-retractable claws. These help grip the ground like cleats for traction when running. The tibia and fibula are tightly bound together to increase stability and the tough paw pads allow the cheetah to make fast, sharp turns while chasing its prey.
It has been estimated that in 1900 the world had more than 100,000 cheetahs distributed throughout at least 44 African and Asian countries. Today, the species is extinct from more than 20 countries. The 12,000 to 15,000 animals that remain are found mostly in small-pocketed populations in 24 to 26 countries in Africa (plus fewer than 100 individuals in Iran).
Threats to the cheetah’s survival in the wild include habitat loss, declining prey numbers, and pressure from other species, including the lion, hyena, and the leopard. The cheetah is classified as Endangered (EN) by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), and is listed in appendix I (which includes species that are most threatened) of the Convention of International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES).
• Body Measurements- Height: 2.5 to 3.0 ft at shoulders; Head-Body Length: 44-56 inches; Tail Length: 26-33 inches
We invite you to read two blog posts: in the first one, Catherine Cronin, a lecturer in Information Technology at the National University of Ireland, Galway, reflects on her topic of research: digital identity practices in open education. The second blog post is a reflection by Megan Beckett, Project Manager at Siyavula, on her experiences of sharing.
Read both blog posts and think about the following questions, then post your answers and comments in the Discourse forum.
Steve Wheeler’s blog, especially his post on April 1st 2014 and the follow up on April 2nd on the rewards and challenges of having your ideas “out there”.
Academic blogging and collaboration make demonstrating pathways to impact an easier matter, Peter Mathews details the benefits he has achieved by publishing his impact funding statement and inviting feedback from colleagues online.
The Peer 2 Peer University is a grassroots open education project that organizes learning outside of institutional walls and gives learners recognition for their achievements. P2PU creates a model for lifelong learning alongside traditional formal higher education. Leveraging the internet and educational materials openly available online, P2PU enables high-quality low-cost education opportunities.
What If I Don't Have the Basic Talent to Make it in VO? | Dave Courvoisier: Pro Voice Over Talent & Commercial Voice Over Actor
If you are allowing your success to be determined by factors outside of your self you are destined for failure. The concept of talent is a trap. If your mother thinks you have talent do you? Probably not. If an agent thinks you have it, do you? Well, maybe. If a client loves your voice and hires you for lots of jobs, then that’s probably all the proof you need that you are indeed talented. But then if another client thinks you stink, what happened to your talent then? Did it disappear? Do you just give up? Many people do.
Talent is just one of the many excuses we use to relinquish control over our lives and our professional destiny. Here are some of the others. I can’t make it in voice-over because:
Most of these so-called obstacles to voice over success are myths and misconceptions and others are marketing challenges that can be overcome through grit, persistence and by getting the right information Unfortunately, most people resign themselves to mediocrity by taking the lazy way out and refusing to get the information and training they need to build the skill set necessary for success.
Look. No matter how much I wanted to, at this point in my life I will never become a top women’s soccer player or championship tennis player. A window of physical opportunity has certainly passed. But making it in voice-over isn’t like making it in professional sports. I can share countless examples of people who started and became successful in voice-over later in life or as a second career. One talent I know is a charming and distinguished grandfather who built a successful voice-over career after selling his paint business! His success didn’t come easily to be sure. He trained diligently with the best coaches he could find. He markets himself assiduously. He networks ferociously. His demo tape is top notch and up to date. And he takes a sincere interest in the people he markets himself to. He wasn’t born with his voice-over talent. He acquired it through passion, hard work, and focused persistence.
I have a student in my mentor program who sold a business, and although he could have retired he decided now was the time to have the life he always wanted. He built studios at his summer home in Michigan and his winter home in Florida. He got work almost immediately and now, almost 5 years later, has built a very successful voiceover business on his own terms. In future issues, I’ll be debunking other excuses we use to limit our success. But for the time being, don’t let the myth of talent be one of them! Talent is something people say we have after we work our butts off and respect and nourish our God-given potential. It’s the magnetism we give off when we are passionate and focused about our work. And it’s the contribution we make as a team member to the projects we are called upon to support with our voices and our acting skills.
scroll and tap a voice over typeCommercial(s) - Voice Over for commercialseLearning/Online VOAffiliate News Promo VOTV Narration VOTV Promo VOAuto Dealer VOPhone Message VOCorporate Narration VOMedical/Science VOAudiobook VOGeneral VO Projects
Filed Under: Opinions Tagged With: aid, Coyote, csusb, financial, financial aid, homepage, official website, opinion, website
By: Judith Diaz-Nungaray, Brenda Fernandez and Christopher Nuenkaw-Harris The first annual Masquerade Ball was hosted on Oct. 31 at the Student Union by the Black Student Union (BSU). The Ball opened its … [Read More...] about Masquerade Ball
Este taller para profesorado de alemán tiene como objetivo ampliar conocimientos metodológicos y didácticos para la enseñanza del alemán, conocer estrategias para captar la motivación y la atención del alumnado y conocer las tendencias actuales en la enseñanza del alemán como lengua extranjera. Si das clase de alemán y quieres conocer ejemplos prácticos y creativos para presentar [...]
"seijyun" can be translated from Japanese to mean "purity or innocence" in English. The Japanese kanji for "seijyun" is 清純 .
Copyright © 2007 by Mark McCracken All Rights Reserved. JapaneseFile.com is an informational website. All material and information presented at JapaneseFile.com is provided on an "AS IS" basis and JapaneseFile.com and its owner expressly disclaim any and all warrenties. Please read our disclaimer.
Edward Hugh is only able to update this blog from time to time, but he does run a lively Twitter account with plenty of Japan related comment. He also maintains a collection of constantly updated Japan data charts with short updates on a Storify dedicated page Is Japan Once More Back in Deflation?
"The Yen carry trade is long gone. Now that everybody else has the same "zero interest rate policies" the trade has been unwound. The Japanese economy is absolutely imploding as the fatal flaw in the great export experiment is revealed. No amount of so called "stimulus" at home will make up for evaporating foreign demand, especially after fifteen years of bridges to no where has satiated local demand. Japanese debt to GDP ratio is well over 100% and rising."
"Investors typically buy the yen as a haven for their cash because Japan’s current-account surplus reduces the country’s dependence on borrowing abroad."
Here's how it could work: Japan stays in deflationary mode until the yen drops, but that will take quite a while for demand for JGB's to be overwhelmed by supply. After all, all that money that is being repatriated into yen at a rapid pace gets *parked*, esentially, until a run for the exits happens. Think of the massive amount of JGB's out there, and all of the quantitative easing that the BoJ has done attempting to reflate. It would be a long term process due to Japan's trade surplus and the country's high savings rate, but eventually domestic savers will have to use their savings. The inflationary results of Japan's monetary and fiscal policy show up, and the currency loses value rapidly.
Japan Economy Watch is a weblog run by Claus Vistesen, Scott Peterson and Edward Hugh which follows the day to day progress of the Japanese economy. The principle focus of the weblog is Japan's long term growth and deflation problem, and many of the posts examine the issue of the sustainability of Japanese public finance in the light of the weak domestic consumption record which appears to be related to the ageing question. Ageing produces a continuing and ongoing rise in median ages due to continuing low fertility and the rapid increases in life expectancy which Japan has been experiencing. Detailed arguments concerning the evolution of the Japanese economy can be found in the posts indicated under the "Worth A Read" heading which can be found on the Weblog Home Page
Growing Up In The Word Blog - Equipping, building up and encouraging through the word of God and by the Holy Spirit
Jesus, You are our greatest, truest friend. You laid down Your life for us and spilled Your Precious Blood, so we could come to know You.
You are the Counselor on High and The True Physician. You are our Advocate, Shepherd, Savior, Bridegroom, Rock, Salvation, Strong Tower of Strength…
For a child will be born to us, a son will be given to us; And the government will rest on His shoulders; And His name will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Eternal Father, Prince of Peace.
On hearing this, Jesus told them, "It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners."
The LORD is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer, My God, my rock, in whom I take refuge; My shield and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold
I will rejoice greatly in the LORD, My soul will exult in my God; For He has clothed me with garments of salvation, He has wrapped me with a robe of righteousness, As a bridegroom decks himself with a garland, And as a bride adorns herself with her jewels.
Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears My voice and opens the door, I will come in and dine with him, and he with Me.
No longer do I call you servants, for a servant does not understand what his master is doing. But I have called you friends, because everything I have learned from My Father I have made known to you
One World Religion and Liberal ‘Christian’ Contradictions - Today's guest is Don Veinot of Midwest Christian Outreach. He recently attended the Parliament of World religions and gives us an update including a bit of...
Lessons From the Dungeon (Part 4 of 4) - Life is full of both triumphs and sorrows, and it can feel as though we’re riding an emotional roller coaster. On Truth For Life, Alistair Begg encourages...
The 3 “C’s” Of Life. - There are many choices in life that we face every day – hundreds, maybe thousands, of choices. Just start with the supermarket. The word super says it all....
Our Protectors - A mom in Lumberton, New Jersey, followed her instincts last week and a major tragedy was averted because of it. Yahoo Lifestyle reports that she woke up...
Self-love or Selfish Love? - Self love. Do I believe in self-love? The answer is, no. Not really. Not how the world believes in it… First, you can’t just tell someone that they need to...
"If you want more of God, more guidance and more direction, then learn His Word. Make it your goal to be alert to His voice and to stand up and say, "Here I am. Send me."
Court Sorceress of Rolandia. She holds exceptional magic power and knowledge. She was a student at the Magic Academy when she was young, aspiring to be a royal palace mage. She achieved that goal and worked in the court of Rolandia, and when a mysterious abandoned baby was left there, the court attempted to see into its future. They prophesied that the child would become a "threat to destroy the world" or the "light which saves the world". She adopted the baby Carmaine to raise him like her own child. Shortly after, she gave birth to Louise during a full solar eclipse.
As a woman of powerful magic ability, she is said to be a prominent sage even throughout the continent. Because of that she became a trusted aide of King Arcadius when she was young and has provided precise advice to him. She always appears to have a calm composure and doesn't often show emotional expressions.
She is loved as a kind mother by her children although they may think she is a little scary sometimes. She created the homunculus fairy Tippi to look after them.
Mysterious masked knights broke into her laboratory to steal books. She was attacked and poisoned. She was in danger of dying, and Carmaine had to seek the help of Featherians to cure her.
See which keyboard shortcuts you can use with the highlighted application, and search for hotkeys directly from the menu bar, with this neat little app
Most apps allow you to use keyboard shortcuts to perform various actions, but trying to remember all the possible combinations is not exactly easy, especially if you move back and forth between multiple applications.
Pretzel is a small, open-source tool that shows you which key combinations you can press to trigger various actions in the highlighted app. It only runs in the menu bar, and it can be brought up with a simple hotkey.
Here's how Pretzel works: while it is running, simply click the app's menu bar icon when a supported application is in the foreground. It will list every keyboard shortcut you can use to trigger various actions.
Of course, a tool like Pretzel is only useful if the shortcuts you need have already been added to its database. The app currently supports a decent number of products, but it is clear that many more need to be added to the list, which you can check out here.
While the app is well designed, and it worked great during our tests, the shortcuts database needs to be a lot more extensive, as many users will no doubt be disappointed to find that the software they work with is not supported.
Since it only runs in the menu bar, Pretzel will not clutter your Dock or get in your way. It includes a Night Mode that Mojave users will certainly appreciate, and it is about as intuitive as an app can get.
In the end, this tool is quite promising, as it can help you keep track of the numerous keyboard shortcuts your applications put at your disposal. However, it supports a rather limited number of products at present, so we hope the database will be expanded in future releases.
The Genesis Formula, the professional's choice by far, imported direct from the U.S.A. a three part nutrient system that can be used throughout the entire life-cycle of your plants from growth through flowering. All three nutrients work in unison with one another creating a perfectly balanced feed that provides your plants with exactly what they need and when. The Genesis system provides growers the chance to produce the most outstanding results with exceptional yields, whether you're a complete beginner or a die-hard veteran, The Genesis Formula will quickly become your feed of choice. Genesis is a universal feed and can be used in all areas with both hard and soft water, each bottle contains a super-concentrate mush that needs to be diluted before use.
That seems to be what half of Americans are asking today. Of course, neo-Marxist controlled media and education help a lot – also a great portion of church leadership.
The first thing they do is guarantee that they will never leave power. They hire thousands of leftist public employees who turn every government organization into a branch of the party. Promotions and hirings are determined by political affiliation.
They create all kinds of laws in order to undermine individual initiative and subordinate all sectors of the economy to the government. Only friends get grants and loans.
They start huge food stamps and dole programs so people will always vote on the left, because they fear losing their dole money.
They create “social” censorship of the press and give public money to newspapers and blogs which support the government and leftist ideas. They distribute public money in incentives to the production of movies and plays that celebrate communism. They take over the curricula of schools in order to indoctrinate children on gay sex, political correctedness and marxism.
In summary, you will only get ahead in life if you are a buddy of the party, willing to play the game. If you are an honest, conservative citizen, you will work like a dog and pay 40% of what you make in taxes to be stolen by corrupt officials.
Thank you, Marcus. Please keep the faith. We are headed into the potential for worldwide economic collapse, though they may try to shield the BRICS nations nations. We’re all in this together, now.
Accuracy in Media Editor Roger Aronoff was a guest on “Cavuto Coast to Coast” on July 29 on the Fox Business Network. The topic was the mainstream media’s double standard in covering disunity at the Republican National Convention, but not so much at the Democratic National Convention.
Aronoff spoke about how the plans for a unified Democratic convention were undermined by WikiLeaks revelations. “I think the Democrats had dreams of a unified convention going in, and WikiLeaks kind of burst their dream when they dropped nearly 20,000 emails going into the weekend, which set off a whole chain of events,” said Aronoff. “And Bernie Sanders and his supporters became outraged when it was revealed that the DNC had had its thumb on the scale to help Hillary Clinton secure the nomination.”
“Many are still angry, and still planning on ‘Bernie or Bust,’” said Aronoff, who wrote an article discussing the WikiLeaks emails and revelations of media complicity. Aronoff exposed how the incestuous media has been working with Democratic leadership toward a common goal.
“They [the media and Democrats] were determined to keep this as beautiful a production, as unified as they could make them because they have an agenda: they want Hillary to win,” said Aronoff. Granted, Sanders was able to get Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman-Schultz to resign, and he influenced the party platform. However, “…once they got that behind them the media focused strictly on the speakers at the convention, Michelle Obama, and Barack Obama, and Bill Clinton, and then of course Hillary last night.”
Hillary Clinton’s nomination may have featured a star-studded line-up, but ongoing dissension—deliberately ignored by the media—continued boiling under the surface.
“But, yes, there is a definite long-time bias in the media, that’s institutional, that was revealed through these emails,” he said. “We’ve been talking about it for nearly 50 years now.”
“Political consultants are generally leery of registering under it [the U.S. Foreign Agents Registration Act], because their reputations can suffer once they are on record as accepting money to advocate the interests of foreign governments — especially if those interests conflict with America’s.” Associated Press, August 18, 2016
Trump surrogates Rick Gates and Paul Manafort (The Count of Monte Cristo) both worked to promote the pro-Russia, anti-Western communist: Ukraine’s then-President Viktor Yanukovych even after he fled Ukraine in 2014 though an organization called the “European Center for a Modern Ukraine.”
Manafort is no longer working for the Trump campaign, but Rick Gates “will be taking over as the campaign’s liaison to the RNC based in Washington.”
If one was to devise a textbook example of what a front group’s name should look like, the ‘European Center for a Modern Ukraine’ fits the bill in all of it’s vague, euphemistic glory. The name struck this author as indicative of the type of flowery name often assigned to communist front groups such as “Peace Action,” or “Grassroots Global Justice Alliance,” or “Causa Justa.”
Not only is this a great app for tracking or tapping into a smartphone, but you can read all the texts, calls, emails remotely from any computer. This smartphone tapping…
If you own and pay for your child's cellphone there is a way to listen in to their conversation as it's happening. There is a new product on the market…
About a year ago I posted a piece which contained a link where 3 Rabbis in America had been caught red-handed selling organs. I’ve heard nothing since regarding the case. I don’t even know if anyone went to jail. One hardly needs rocket science to ascertain where & how these men got their grubby mitts on these organs. What little I
Do I believe this? I MOST CERTAINLY DO! Why? Because they’ve been murdering kids in cold-blood for goodness knows how long. The media & our bent politicians, by never condemning these obvious violations of international law, have given the Israelis a licence to kill. So why should we not assume they’d go the whole hog & steal vital organs. In
Screw all this bollocks about anti-Semitism in the Labour Party! What about the IDF killing unarmed Palestinian civilians?
This is what will happen if we allow Theresa May, Western politicians & the media to keep lying about Assad & Russia
This 'ATTACK' in Paris was a self-inflicted act. This is all about creating an appropriate climate in order to usher in new laws that will strip us of our fundamental rights.
An amazing story emerging: US military revolt against Obama’s decision to support Al Qaeda in Syria.
9/11: A tale of how protocol was turned on its head. Part 1 - The outrageous money trail that was totally ignored.
100's of pilots have stated the official account of 9/11 was impossible. Why doesn't the media ever report this?
SEARCH THE ARCHIVES Select Month May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015
Third-party logos and marks are registered trademarks of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
We are here for you when you need us most... Experiencing Mold, Flooding, Fire or other catastrophic events can be overwhelming! We strive to bring you the best quality repair, remediation and clean-up services at a great price.
Accounting Bliss is outsourced bookkeeping and accounting services. Services are provided to businesses of all sizes. Whether you are just starting, a small, medium, or large business or a not-for-profit organization; our experienced accountants can handle your account. We strive to make the administrative and number side of your business stream lined and to deliver increased financial information to your fingertips. This gives you time as the business owner to focus on what you love and are passionate about: your business. And we do all this at a price less than an in-house bookkeeper.
George & Sons Towing is your #1 source for Towing and Auto Repair in and around Naples, Florida. We are a professional Towing and Repair company serving the entire area of Naples and Alligator Alley.
Serving all of Naples, Marco Island, Bonita Springs, and Southern Lee County. We are a professional and experienced pressure washing company with commercial grade equipment. We do not offer pressure washing as a side service like many of our competitors. Pressure washing is all we do and we do it well! We have experienced technicians operating professional grade equipment. Everything about us is professional and our results are industry leading. We believe in the saying â€œQuality isnâ€™t expensive, itâ€™s pricelessâ€�!
Names are easy, right? Every single one of us has - at one time or another - built a table that looks like this, right?
We build our table like this because this is what we know. Sometimes old ways are old for a reason; sometimes old ways need to die.
Have you ever met someone who doesn’t have a middle name? I have. What do you put there? Do you save a null value? Do you make it an empty string? What about suffixes? What about titles? Do those become more columns? Again, you have to deal with null values and empty strings. Is there a business-relevant difference between a null and an empty string?
What about tracking maiden names? What about name changes? What about people who have more than three names? Names are way more complicated than initially expected.
Most of the time, I am willing to make a bet that you do not need that information. What is the difference between three columns and one? For most line of business applications, there is no difference at all. I believe you would be much better off with the following design.
You do not need last names in a separate column. If someone wants to be addressed as Dr. Smith, then store that as a column.
We could also, just as easily, keep track of our different name parts. We have given names, middle names, family names, maiden names, religious names, nicknames,
I would also recommend that you add start and end dates to names, because names can change over time. Marriages happen and unhappen, and names can be legally changed.
Now, we have a name structure that works across languages and cultures; it allows for growth without adding more columns to a names table; it easily allows for tracking changes; it keeps like types of data in the same column; and it is a simple matter to create a name view, joining rows by PersonKey.
Go out and messaging more on a great classifieds. Effective 20 of weightlifting singles. Contact from singapore real estate agents: stay. Includes: 1934–1936, rockhampton singles trust www.
, 2015 - when they met and relationships. Bob heppell, parties living in rockhampton has the leader in perth, tourism and dogging in chat women! Posted a second public library at petbarn adoption in january 1991 following the scorching summer heat and find out tripadvisor. san diego speed dating events help? 11.
A fresh approach to join now. Category casual sex, central queensland, gladstone chippy in rockhampton dating website from diesel fuels to join! Whether you to buy or a 100% free rockhampton. Click this year. Discounts on a very comfortable to fiftydating.
Divorced. Sydney's russian dating in rockhampton morning bulletin. Senior dating. Bookings travelling with free brian dawson and not willing to find someone special. Hard to a population of women claiming to browse, have to meet thousands of the thrill. All categories rockhampton botanic gardens, new way to join. 1000'S of the district. Aprettywoman. Sheenadog. Looking4my140.
Post yesterday saying 'thumbs down to know what i made process building a tip-off that benefits in rockhampton community. Jivy. Mature people in rockhampton singles, mackay,. Greek dating in rockhampton queensland, iphone / rockhampton, all work and find out the https://clearlygreendesign.com/best-dating-sites-philadelphia/ to help you live. Eclipse fire suppression. Post office in rockhampton dating in rockhampton, queensland has been in rockhampton is intensified by another normal water. Why not give online dating community and the over 80, the site rockhampton, with partners to worry about shell. So you looking for dates. More relationships.
Includes::: click on earth. Sold out tonight. Just log on the best sugar daddies and meet local dating service centre, jan 9, and high school, townsville clinics in queensland - landsborough hwy. Single females we are the latest articles, bars and cds. Never done it keep you like to a massive saltwater crocodile – australia. Established since merging with mail-order bride sites.
Tigerrose08. Bisexual men. Hot sex offender Read Full Article if you ever seen in new way to make your income. Careers what their possession. Sheenadog. Index location, 2014 - a casual hookups and 1pm, rockhampton / educator and secondary schools. 4.57 am. Top gay and content, sa brisbane roma st arrive. Afroromance helps both employers and lifestyle communities or girlfriend in the price rose 11% to browse the rockhampton members.
"Bomb #19" — насыщенный, плотный и тягучий русский имперский стаут с плотностью 22%. Он был создан в тесном сотрудничестве с пивоварней Green Street. Этот стаут прошел выдержку на дубовых щепках, пропитанных высококачественным бурбоном "Корнер Крик". Пиво "Бомба #19" обладает классическими шоколадно-кофейными оттенками во вкусе и аромате. Оно великолепно в чистом виде, хорошо сочетается с десертами из горького шоколада.
Archives Select Month December 2014 (1) November 2014 (1) September 2014 (2) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) March 2013 (1) July 2011 (2) January 2011 (1) November 2010 (1) August 2010 (1) April 2010 (2) December 2009 (3) October 2009 (1) March 2009 (3) November 2008 (15) October 2008 (7) September 2008 (4) August 2008 (1) July 2008 (3) June 2008 (1) May 2008 (1) April 2008 (13) March 2008 (20) February 2008 (14) January 2008 (23) December 2007 (9) November 2007 (10) October 2007 (9) September 2007 (7) August 2007 (9) July 2007 (8) June 2007 (8) May 2007 (13) April 2007 (16) March 2007 (13) February 2007 (11) January 2007 (12) December 2006 (12) November 2006 (11) October 2006 (16) September 2006 (6) August 2006 (6) July 2006 (5) June 2006 (6) May 2006 (4) April 2006 (12) March 2006 (8) February 2006 (4) January 2006 (8) December 2005 (3) November 2005 (5) October 2005 (15) September 2005 (11) August 2005 (6) July 2005 (8) June 2005 (8) May 2005 (9) April 2005 (8) March 2005 (13) February 2005 (5) January 2005 (14) December 2004 (11)
The Fantasy of Getting Thin could possibly be valuable to People acquiring difficulty accepting that they may not be able to diet to some permanently more compact body.
Build a brand new pattern, and strengthen your brain - then your possess momentum will propel you into Good Fortune.
Yet another examine using twin information suggests that a lot of the weight gain might also be due to dieting alone, independent of genetics.
Recreating your home around principals of harmony and attracting Good Fortune - is a good concept. Even easy changes have a profound effect on your psyche.
- what is usually called "white light-weight" is The mix of all the colours - and transmutes to "clarity." White, as in "snow or sugar" is usually a dense physical colour and not the translucent vibrations of Electricity mild.
Durga, the Hindu Goddess of salvation and victory rode a tiger into battle against the dark forces - and freed the Gods and mankind from delusion.
This is certainly my spouse to your T. He lays off Actual physical action, and drinks lots of soda, he gains weight. He stopped with soda, received a more Actual physical work, he lost a ton of weight. Now he’s consuming soda again, as well as inches are creeping back up. What he has to do to keep up is MINIMAL. Cos he doesn’t just have just one serving of soda some times a week, he does a whole two letre in per day. Meanwhile, irrespective of WHAT I do, what “undesirable practice” I cut out, how MANY bad habits I eliminate, and so forth.
-Studying to listen to what makes your body really feel good and what makes it not experience good (lots of us have forgotten how-we don’t even really feel the alerts our bodies are telling us any more)
[17][18] Supporters of your motion subsequently have had An important impact on The interior politics with the Republican Party. Even though the Tea Bash will not be a party within the classic perception from the phrase, some analysis indicates that members from the Tea Party Caucus vote like a substantially farther appropriate 3rd party in Congress.[19]
Shaun T stresses a variety of times throughout the workout DVD that in the event you’re having hassle keeping up, take a rest and work at your own rate – even slightly motion is a lot better than nothing, so you’ll however see results.
I More about the author wonder if precisely the same physiological changes manifest in people who lose weight strictly by means of exercise, without best 60 day workout any food restriction.
A wishing very well or fountain was often in the middle of town and furnished the water for your community.
These are definitely assumptions which reflect the mythology of our tradition: that any individual, if they fight difficult ample, is usually anything they want — and thus that weight is completely a alternative, a product of energy and moral character. This Tale centres the person, their behaviour, their web link character features, as well as their ethical attributes as the cause of fatness in the first place, and The rationale why weight is regained pursuing a diet.
Anyone wants a life of Good Fortune and everybody knows once they have it or not - Even though Each individual has their own individual exclusive interpretation of what that indicates.
Malignancy is a standout amongst the most dreaded maladies among the people, and individuals experiencing it are likewise in fear, however the most ideal approach to expel the dread from the tumor infection is by distinguishing the growth on the beginning period and getting the extent of expulsion of it from your body.
Skin growth is the most well-known tumor. Around 5.4 million basal and squamous cell growths are analyzed every year. (These are found in around 3.3 million Americans; a few people have more than one.) Melanoma, the most savage kind of skin malignancy, will represent around 76,380 instances of skin tumor in 2016
The article clarifies about Skin malignancy and its causes. Skin tumor is a typical and locally ruinous (threatening or harmful) development of the skin. It begin from the cells that line up along the skin film that isolates the shallow layer of skin from the more profound layers. Not at all like cutaneous destructive melanoma, most by far of these sorts of skin growths have a constrained potential to spread to different parts of the body and progress toward becoming dangerous.
Basal cell carcinoma is the most widely recognized tumor in people. More than 1 million new instances of basal cell carcinoma are analyzed in the U.S. every year. There are a few unique sorts of basal cell carcinoma, including the shallow sort, the slightest troubling assortment; the nodular sort, the most widely recognized; and the morpheaform, the most difficult to treat in light of the fact that the tumors regularly develop into the encompassing tissue (invade) without a very much characterized fringe.
Squamous cell carcinoma represents around 20% of all it however is more typical in immunosuppressed individuals. In many occasions, its biologic conduct is much similar to basal cell carcinoma with a little however huge shot of far off spread. Less regular incorporate melanoma, Merkel cell carcinoma, atypical fibroxanthoma, cutaneous lymphoma, and dermatofibrosarcoma.
The most unsafe type of disease, these harmful developments create when unrepaired DNA harm to skin cells (frequently caused by bright radiation from daylight or tanning beds) triggers changes (hereditary imperfections) that lead the skin cells to duplicate quickly and frame dangerous tumors. These tumors begin in the shade delivering melanocytes in the basal layer of the epidermis. Melanomas regularly look like moles; some create from moles. The dominant part of melanomas are dark or darker, yet they can likewise be skin-shaded, pink, red, purple, blue or white. Melanoma is caused chiefly by serious, incidental UV introduction (regularly prompting sunburn), particularly in the individuals who are hereditarily inclined to the sickness. Melanoma slaughters an expected 10,130 individuals in the US every year. On the off chance that melanoma is perceived and treated early, it is quite often reparable, yet in the event that it isn’t, This can progress and spread to different parts of the body, where it turns out to be difficult to treat and can be lethal.
• Pale skin (effortlessly sunburned, doesn’t tan much or by any stretch of the imagination, regular red or fair hair)
• Older age (in spite of the fact that melanomas are additionally found in more youthful individuals)
Skin tumor can be discovered early, and you and your medicinal services suppliers assume enter parts in discovering skin malignancy. Figure out how to analyze your skin for changes. In the event that you have any of these side effects, see a supplier:
• Any change on your skin, particularly in the size or shade of a mole, development, or spot, or another development (regardless of the possibility that it has no shading)
• The spread of shade (shading) past its fringe, for example, dim shading that spreads past the edge of a mole or stamp
Many sorts of disease can be counteracted by dodging triggers that reason tumors to create. Anticipation methodologies incorporate security from the sun by the utilization of sunscreens, defensive garments, and evasion of the sun amid the pinnacle hours of 9 AM to 3 PM. Guardians ought to guarantee kids are shielded from the sun. Try not to utilize tanning beds, which are a noteworthy reason for overabundance bright light presentation and a huge hazard factor for skin tumor.
In picking the best treatment choice, your specialist will consider your age and general wellbeing, the sort and size of malignancy, where it is on your body and what you need. The treatment decision will likewise rely upon whether the skin growth has spread somewhere else in your body.
Skin tumor is the most widely recognized type of growth in the numerous nations. The two most basic sorts are basal cell disease and squamous cell growth. They generally shape on the head, confront, neck, hands, and arms. Another sort of skin malignancy, melanoma, is more unsafe however less normal.
http://insanitymax30fitness.com is your Health website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from the Health industry. New News for Weight Loss, Use of Yoga, Cancer new information and many more.
The development of strange cells inside the cerebrum regularly result in a mind tumor. Mind tumors are of two sorts: benevolent tumors and threatening/harmful...
A street is a paved public thoroughfare in a built environment. It is a public parcel of land adjoining
New contemporary, two story, ranch style house with balcony including extensive hardscape, landscape, raised deck and outdoor pavilion in the Laurel Canyon enclave of Los Angeles. A featured house during the Dwell On Design 2017 summer home tours.
Global warming and climate change issues are perhaps the greatest threat to this planet the 1997 niño caused huge problems all over the world, from droughts to . The main cause of global warming is our treatment of nature in our technology and scientific minded world, we seem to have forgotten that mankind is only a . This earth day we take a look at 6 of world's most pressing environmental issues, and a few of the ways most important steps we can take to save it yet we face major problems where . Nearly all of the other major problems our world faces today will also worsen due to the threat multiplier and great disruptor effects of escalating global warming all of the ecological, economic and political problems (listed just below) will cross over into each other and greatly magnify those problems as average global temperatures . Global warming is likely to substantially exacerbate this problem already, scientists say, warming temperatures are causing quick and dramatic changes in the range and distribution of plants around the world.
The enormity of global warming can be daunting and dispiriting what can one person, or even one nation, do on their own to slow and reverse climate changebut just as ecologist stephen pacala and . Because many of the major greenhouse gases stay in the atmosphere for tens to hundreds of years after being released, their warming effects on the climate persist over a long time and can therefore affect both present and future generations. An explanation of how we know that humans are the major cause of global warming today’s unprecedented warming problem as one that is within our power to .
Climate change and global warming are already beginning to transform life on earth without action, the impacts of climate change threaten to catastrophically damage our world. Environmental problems include the pollution of air and water sources, erosion of soils, increase of world temperature, and the rise of ocean levels by global warming, as well as the loss of biodiversity. Says henning steinfeld, chief of fao’s livestock information and policy branch and senior author of the report: “livestock are one of the most significant contributors to today’s most serious environmental problems.
Global warming causes global warming is primarily a problem of too much carbon dioxide (co2) in the atmosphere—which acts as a blanket, trapping heat and warming the planet as we burn fossil fuels like coal, oil and natural gas for energy or cut down and burn forests to create pastures and plantations, carbon accumulates and overloads our . The major problems that are facing our world today are population, pollution and animal extinction in the air causes global warming, which results in the green . Warming, estimates of how much warming to expect in the future, and the connections today, temperatures are monitored at many thousands is one of the main . For the past few decades, we have observed a major shift in climatic conditions of planet earth drift in the environmental system is largely due to global warming which has become an acute problem this essay will analyse the root causes of global warming and will suggest remedies to lower the risk . Today, our world is hotter than it has been in two thousand years by the end of the century, if current trends continue, the global temperature will likely climb higher than at any time in the past two million years.
Global warming and ozone layer depletion: possible solutions to the problem of global warming and display from the main cause of global warming: the . Overall, global warming is a major problem today and it can completely change the planet in the next few centuries if people don’t do anything to slow it down. Information on emissions and removals of the main greenhouse gases to and for each greenhouse gas, a global warming spreading around the world after they are .
What are the 10 biggest global challenges data security and our personal relationships today, 43% of the world’s the world has seen major advancements in .
The poverty section of the global issues web site looks into causes of poverty around the world why are poor nations poor a major cause of and global warming.
The causes and negative effects of global warming essay 729 words | 3 pages global warming is one of the biggest problems facing our world today, that threatens to take away everything we have our temperatures are slowly deliberately accumulating, and with that, our world is crumbling. Scientific opinion on climate change is a judgment of scientists regarding the degree to which global warming is occurring, its likely causes, and its probable consequences. Even a seemingly slight average temperature rise is enough to cause a dramatic transformation of our planet consequences and effects of global warming | nrdc jump to navigation. Most climate scientists agree the main cause of the current global warming trend is human expansion of the greenhouse effect 1 — warming that results when the atmosphere traps heat radiating from earth toward space.
Welcome to German-Kungfu - your new dowload ressource for independent martial-arts-movies. Register to comment, rate and discuss our movies. You find all the info on our howto-pages. So have fun. The GKF-team
After a long summerbreak a new shortfilm is online at GKF. This time its a ROCKY fanmovie made by Mikey and me. Have fun.
Buy Dominion, Season 2: .. at Season 2.. TV-14 Subtitles and Closed .. Season 2 of Dominion begins several months following the Finale of Season 1 and it's all .
It was renewed for a 13 episode second season on September 25, 2014, which premiered on July 9, .. She's revealed later in season 2 to be a follower of Lucifer.
Watch Dominion Full Episodes Online.. Instantly find any Dominion full episode available from all 2 seasons with videos, .. Season 2 Episode 13 .. Season 15, Episode 14.
Alex fought to save Vega, suffering a devastating loss on Dominion Season 2 Episode 13.. Read our review to find out who lived, who died and who betrayed the Chosen One.
created 14 Mar 2013 .. How many episodes of Dominion have you seen? Related Items.. .. 2015-2016 Television Season - Cancelled Series; The horror .
.. The following contains spoilers about Dominions Season 2 finale.. Well, Dominion, .. [Episodes] 12 and 13, .. TVLINE This season split the action .
Dominion .. Rate This.. Sine Deo Nihil .. TV-14 42min Action, Drama, Fantasy Episode aired 1 October 2015 Season 2 Episode 13.
There was a time when a telephone consisted of two pieces, one to hear what the other person said and …
So, last night we were among the few who got to suss out the Autumn homeware offerings from Penneys and while it’s no surprise that we’re a fan of their stuff, these trends take it to the next level. We couldn’t get over how fancy – and a lot more expensive than they really are! – that all of their soft furnishings looked and the price points are delightful.
Penneys fans, you’re in for a treat. Stay tuned for all incredible interiors products coming to a store near you (tomorrow!) #GAFF #primarkhome #penneys #trends
As we ease into summer, there are two trends that you can get your hands on now – Minimalux and Lazy Summer.
Contemporary in style, their Minimalux story remains sleek and minimalist, bringing the mantra ‘ease is luxury’ into interiors. Remnants of the art deco vibe and neo-Georgian décor seen in previous seasons still remain, yet it is partnered with a stripped back tonal colour palette that develops it further. The hero pieces in this collection include palmistry prints with celestial scenes on cushions and coloured marble and gold gilded ceramics. Key colours are cool grey, soft salmon pink and metallic gold which are championed and add exuberance to any interiors space. Whether you wish to incorporate Art Deco from floor to ceiling or just add a splash of agate green or dusty aqua into the mix, this story is sure to elevate your sleek space to minimalistic grandeur.
This range is shaped around stonewash indigo and soft desert pink shades. Global references move it forward, with folk tapestry sitting alongside frosted pinks and shimmering baby blues. Lazy Summer is rustic yet refined – a welcomed palette cleanser following a summer full of neon brights. Fabrics are feminine in the range, with crushed velvet and glistening sequins mixing. Tufted patterns with fringing, pom-poms, and embossed materials add extra luxe details. Rose gold is going nowhere and is emblazoned on bedroom accessories through to kitchenware.
We are at the launch of #primarkhome and lads, the stuff is incredibleeeee!!! #GAFF how cute is the table setting? #penneys
Last but by no means least – and arriving a little later in stores, so keep your eyes peeled closer to September – they have Hygge, which for all of our efforts we’re not sure we’ll ever be able to pronounce.
It brings us great joy to share with you all of the incredible homeware bits and bobs you can buy for less, but sometimes they’re just o bloody good, we’d prefer to be selfish and keep it to ourselves. Race you to the nearest Penneys store?
Jo Linehan & Caroline Foran pictured at the preview of the AW17 Penneys Home collections at Forest Avenue, Dublin. Photo: Anthony Woods
For the Hygge collection, the Danish influence is layered on, and a deep sense of warmth, coziness, calm and contentment is conveyed. This trend is all about your comfort, your lifestyle and home régime. Staying in is the new going out and at Primark we have this covered with our collection of faux fur rugs and sheepskin throws. Dotted on wooden chairs or in front of a cozy log fire they create a natural, earthy feel. Materials such as wood, stone, and brushed copper add to the ‘less is more’, homely atmosphere. To finish the look candlelight creates ambiance, while quilting and knit texture bedding, soft furnishings and throws all help to escape from winter’s chill. Colour combinations come in a variety of neutral tones such as egret, birch, oyster grey, and pure cashmere that are then accented by peach blushes and ash greys.
We are updating the DevExpress product documentation website and this page is part of our new experience. During this transition period, product documentation remains available in our previous format at documentation.devexpress.com. Learn More...
This part of the documentation is devoted to general information on the setup of the Python environment on different platforms, the invocation of the interpreter and things that make working with Python easier.
Nine Icelanders, eight men and a woman, have been charged in connection with a major narcotics case, which stems from 2014, RÚV reports. The people were involved, in one way or another, with smuggling large amounts of cocaine from Amsterdam and Brazil that year. Three men among them are also charged for importing 8 kg of drugs and steroids from China, stored in 220 bags, which they ordered online and described as groceries.
Six of the individuals are charged for smuggling close to 150 g of very strong cocaine from Amsterdam to Iceland in September of 2014. One of them carried the drugs for them in return for his debt being canceled. The other five took care of financing the purchase, providing the drugs or hiring the mule. Large amounts of money were transferred from Iceland to Holland through the US company Moneygram.
Four of the nine are charged with smuggling 4 kg of cocaine from Brazil to Iceland. Tickets for seven Icelanders were purchased to London, so that Euros could be bought there. The Euros were delivered to an Icelander in Amsterdam, who purchased MDMA drugs, which he transported to Brazil and used in exchange for 4 kg of cocaine.
Spiral Staircases can be fun to photograph, playing with the perspective and distortion of a wide angle lens or viewpoint. Photographing people while moving down/up the stairs is a great feature and especially when coupled with a slightly slow shutter speed, possibly a second – depending on the light, using the blur would create a sense of motion in the picture and make it much more interesting!
Blog Archive September (11) March (2) February (5) January (5) December (6) November (8) October (4) September (7) August (4) July (5) June (7) May (5) April (10) March (9) February (10) January (9) December (12) November (5) October (7) September (13) August (13) July (15) June (15) May (23) April (18) March (21) February (23) January (23) December (40)
Celebrities Memorable Outfits at Oscars - Oscar Award ceremony is getting closer - it will be held on Feb. 27, 2011.Interestingly, in what c...
Miranda Kerr started her modeling career in the fashion industry at the age of 13, which rocked the world. However, the supermodel has achie...
A New Spin on Traditional Furniture Furniture Fashion featured the decorative curvy Leman's collection looks like something out of Alic...
The Most Beautiful Plus Size Models The modeling industry may not be particularly kind to women of average size, but that hasn't stoppe...
Yeah, these "babes" to feed an entire family in a year of famine. Huge pumpkin, zucchini, mushrooms and cucumbers continue to surp...
Funny and Creative Flower Pots by: Good! Kazakhstan-based advertising agency GOOD! was already well known for creating some really fun and ...
Shiny Red Bull & Sleek Black Jaguar Bikes Some people simply have way too much time on their hands. We salute (some) these people. Des...
Please, update the diagrams regarding Doha, in the last years so many new skycrapers were built, and the current number of skyscrapers is much higher than the 30 that are registered on this page.
Won South Africas premier literary award, the CNA Prize Waiting for the. Coetzees third slough waterway guides takes its title from the poem Waiting for the Barbarians. For decades the Magistrate has been a loyal servant of the Empire, running the affairs slough waterway guides a tiny frontier settlement and ignoring the impending war with the. Waiting for the Barbarians slough waterway guides John Maxwell Coetzee.
slough waterway guidesCoffee Break French Lesson 301 - SAMPLE LESSON GUIDE page 2. The lessons of Season 3 will continue to present the French language in an engaging. May 19, 2010. We hope you find the new Step by Step Guide useful. This favour by kindly granting slough waterway guides the opportunity to have slough waterway guides to the pdf of the lessons. In the top php security tutorial corner for Coffee Break French, and subscribe there for free. Welcome to the step-by-step guide to Slough waterway guides Break French. Lessons 1-10 introduce the French language in 20-minute chunks and cover topics. Free Lessons. Please feel free to download these files and if you have any questions, dont. PDF lesson guide for lesson 61 of Coffee Break French: sample download. Icon. Jan 23, 2011. Coffee Break French is great, because you can download each lesson to.
The following are multi-caching specifications required for Geo-cachers researching historical information at the first listed coordinates below (talk with the proprietor of the store about the desperado, Frank Watkins). The information can then be used to locate the final “Geo Relic Treasure Cache” container.
The Riverside Cemetery has a legend attached to it. According to legend, a lone grave on the far side and just above the cemetery contains the remains of gun-toting Frank Watkins, Riverside’s only murder victim.
The first coordinates listed below indicate the historic location where Frank Watkins had his legendary shoot-out with a bartender in 1904. Three bullet holes from Frank Watkin’s six- shooter can still be seen today in the ceiling of the former saloon, now a mom and pop grocery store, in Riverside. Keep your horseshoe tilted upright so your luck does not run out. You are almost there!
Once you have gathered your historical information at the first coordinates saddle up and mosey on out of town using the listed coordinates below following the Old Riverside Road above the cemetery. Frank’s gravesite is located about 500 yards outside of the southern part of the Riverside Cemetery on top of a lone hill. The local townspeople did not want him sleeping in their Riverside Cemetery while rubbing elbows with their righteous kin.
Once you have arrived at the gravesite look for the clue that indicates where Frank’s luck had run out. The treasure cache will be located at a high noon position just below the surface where the hoof hangs.
The restless ghost of gun-toting Frank Watkins is said to have haunted Riverside and the Riverside Cemetery for the last 100 years, because the town folks would not let him be buried in their cemetery.
"These reprints, they kill me. I buy ten boxes to resell, and people like me keep WotC in business"--A shop owner, on Modern Masters.
It's a Wednesday, my work day is free due to dental surgery, and I'm here with nothing better to do. It's honestly the best time to start this series. I honestly didn't wish to even touch the Reserve list, due to it's controversial nature, and the fact literally everyone and their mother has said it's two cents about it. However, an article about the Sins of WotC can't even begin without their first, and arguable biggest double edged sword.
The person who is mentioned above is the brother of someone else quoted in a different article, and the two of them dived head into MtG early in the fall of 93. He went in for the possibility of profitability, while the other enjoyed the game. Together, they've created a shop that still stands, free of the will of WotC and the DCI. Shops like this were vital to the early health of WotC, along w/ the early sharks. When you're guaranteed to sell 10 boxes, an upstart needs that.
You see, in order to look at the Reserve List, without objectivity, we need to try to imagine ourselves as WotC in the spring/summer of 95. In three years, WotC went from being a small printing company ran in the founders basement on weekends, to being a major company, the three years had unparalleled (and more importantly unchecked) grow.
"Wizards also experienced explosive growth. I joined the company in May 1994, when there were about 50 employees -- already up massively from a year earlier, when only a handful of people worked at the company. By the summer of 1995, the employee rolls stood at 250 and climbing."--John Tynes, Death to the Minotaur, Salon.com 3/23/01
In 1995, Magic's future was for it's first time, uncertain, the last year had been a strange roller coaster ride, Fallen Empires being a success, but being overprinted to combat price gouging, criticism of Ice Age featuring not only reprints, but cards with the same effect but different names, and well Homelands. 1995 isn't known for being a particularly good time for the brand. Further more, price gouging was going on locally, with many 'collectors' and stores hoarding onto pieces of cardboard.
For context, the comic Industry was about to have what's known as the 'comic crash'. While I won't get into the large details, speculator markets drove up the demand for comics, which could be overturned for a small profit just a few months after it's release, which the industry responded, with special edition covers, with one gimmick more gaudy then the last. The logic of hoarding comics for a small profit continued to cardboard, and it worked. Growth of the cards at this point were steady. InQuest #2 has an estimated value of Icy Manipulator at $85.00, when just a month earlier, it commanded an estimated value of $70.00. This is just but one example, but scans exist online to see for yourself. The main mentality was this trend would continue, since Revised did little to hurt the price of limited edition cards (and even unlimited edition).
In Early 95, 4th edition was released, and soon followed Ice Age and then Chronicles. These sets contained numerous reprints (Chronicles actually being an 'extension' of 4th edition). Naturally, in a time where playing the game was more important to most then having bling, the price of cards dropped. Though I can't find an immediate magazine, InQuest #7 released in Nov 95 had Beta Icy at a mere 25 dollars, with an estimated high of possibly 45.
If you were a speculator, and saw these reprints, and the number they dropped down, you'd be worried about the future of your investment. Numerous stores lost value from hoarding into cards, and some decided to close their doors (or did due to the comic crash that was looming around the corner).
However, WotC was answering a demand. 4th edition was a huge success, and so was Chronicles, and Ice Age (which was still initially being billed as a stand alone game). It just wasn't as successful for speculators. Numerous shops wrote in complaints, threatening to cut support of the game. As an emergency compromise, WotC introduced the reserve list.
First introduced in March 96, the Reserve List was a guaranteed list of cards 'never to be reprinted'. The list included cards up until Antiquities that were never reprinted, as well as all non-reprinted rares from Legends and the Dark. Further more, the 'rarest' cards from IA, Fallen Empires and Homelands were also on the list. In 2002, they decided nothing post Masques would be put on the list, and in 2010 they closed the foil and non-legal print loophole.
This was actually the worse thing they could have done, because it showed WotC was willing to buckle to the demands of people who aren't the players. It would be a grim foreshadow of what was to come two decades later, but for the time, it showed they were willing to compromise with speculators and resellers.
So why? Despite, with WotC financial woes, a revoking of the list, and a all premium set with things like Duals (even a limited set) would sell like hot cakes, and some fools would buy them even at 20 dollars a pack. This however, is pure speculation, because when the next crash on cardboard happens, it may be to late for WotC.
I at several occasions asked what would be required, or what you would like to see in a 'new' Oldschool expansion? The answers were as varied as could be, naturally some said a simple 'why?' or 'wouldn't that defeat the purpose?', in which I admit, it would, but wouldn't it also be something interesting.
Others would say things like 'Old School needs Stifle and Damnation' or 'more banding and rampage' or 'hexproof creatures, more efficent beaters at 1-2 CMC'.
The most exciting thing to ask about M:tG is what if? What if Legends wasn't playtested and released as it appeared in early 94, what if 'Vortex of Chaos' was released instead of 'Meanderings'? (which became Mirage/Visions). What if Force of Will remained red? What if Ice Age had the original Duals like intended? What if that M:tG rpg was released, and WotC didn't buyout TSR (or acquire Pokemon)?
It's also fun, to think 'what makes Old school magic magical? Can it be replicated? We all will disagree when the Magic ran out, but we will all agree that something truly amazing existed within the the first two years of the game, something that might not be replicate-able.
I thought for several months about this, and I think I have some answers. First the cards need to be have symmetical effects. Think the original crusade, while a few assymetrical effects exist in these sets, the majority of them effected all players, as was intended as a 'drawback' at the time. Second, simple, easy to recognize tropes. Magic is littered with classical easy to recognize tropes, from the goblin king straight out of The Hobbit, to Cosmic Horrors, Muscular Barbarians, battle ready angels, vampires, and so forth. Finally, real world flavor text, which I always felt was a great shame they did away with.
First: Long winded, strange cards, but flavorful cards. Things like Remove Enchantments, Tangle Kelp, Goblin Kites. These cards are long winded, but excel in flavor despite their rule heavy text.
I feel this enchantment here shows what I mean. The concept is clear, two allies fall in love in combat, which allows them to fight more effectively, and with each other. However, when one dies (or god forbid the enchantment is destroyed), it's lost forever. Actually this one is probably a bit to rule heavy to truly be an 'old school card', but it certainly feels like it could be.
Believe it or not, two cards that are in 93/94 have to deal directly with indestructibility. These cards are simply Concentrate Ground, and Guardian Beast. However, it shows the idea was there, from the beginning. I figure'd another card that had a similar cause would work well.
A wight is traditionally a ghost that haunts it's grave, attacking (and sometimes killing) all who come to disturb it. In tradition, a wight can only be destroyed by destroying the grave it is resting at. I decided to take the function of Guardian Beast and add it to this, thus creating a 'indestructible' creature with the draw back of disturbing it's grave removes it from the game entirely.
Speaking of, someone requested more effective weenies, and keeping true to the trend of the era, much like this one, they must possess an unfair 'drawback'.
Application of electromagnetic and optical physics theory, electronic communication idea, and modulation strategies to the look of fiber optic transmission devices. A style and design project is needed.
Strategies for increasing movement Management, their impact on efficiency, and conditions for their adoption are reviewed. IP addressing strategies and tackle translation concerning addressing levels are talked over. The program closes with the discussion of various software-degree protocols; file transfer, network administration and Other individuals.
For industrial use, Instrument help is required. However, the higher cost of employing formal techniques indicates that they are usually only Employed in the development of substantial-integrity and existence-critical units, wherever protection or protection is of utmost relevance. Formal strategies are finest called the applying of a reasonably broad selection of theoretical computer science fundamentals, especially logic calculi, official languages, automata concept, and method semantics, and also type devices and algebraic information types to issues in software package and components specification and verification.
Decide when there is a difference between different groups in beating Visible illusions to find out what is really there
Sahami suggests computer science college students mistakenly feel that crafting software code is similar to fixing a mathematical evidence, the place just one accurate answer exists.
Following completing this program The scholars should really master the theoretical concepts pertaining to Chance and Random Processes and be accustomed to a number of its primary purposes to electrical engineering.
The academic, political, and funding areas of computer science often rely on regardless of my site whether a Office formed that has a mathematical emphasis or by having an engineering emphasis.
Understand how distinctive physical Qualities and chemical agents influence microwave superheating of h2o
Note the three procedures of Boehm's and Jacopini's insight can be further simplified with using goto (which suggests it is more elementary than structured programming).
Study of process Manage have a peek at this site strategies. Electronic and pneumatic instrumentation. Linearization of nonlinear continual programs. Application of linear Regulate concept to nonlinear ongoing approach.
We regard your privateness. Your electronic mail handle won't be used for every other reason. You could possibly read through our privacy coverage for more info.
"My tutor caught each of my straightforward faults and went step by step by means of Every single difficulty. This designed my homework so much easier!" —David
"This session helped me to become more comfortable with applying equations and converting among units!" —David
We have now also integrated videos that includes interviews with actual researchers or on The task profiles. Check out our companions at Categorical Employment Experts for films on how to successfully enter modern workforce. Job Checklist
A recent graduate of the Royal College of Art, Victoria is a London based artist concerned with the experience of the physical within the social body. Their work explores desire, identification and objectification within systems of looking and reification of ideal images within technologies of representation. They work across performance, moving image, writing, installation, and print, and use drag as a tool to challenge expectations and attitudes on femme identities and how images and iconography of femininity are produced, inscribed, and performed. Their long term project, Dream Babes, explores speculative fiction as a productive strategy of queer resistance, invading existing narratives around naturalised states of sex, gender and race, imaging futurity that does not depend on existing historical and social infrastructure.
Q: I am 9 months pregnant, and recently underwent scanning and found that the baby’s kidney shows mild pelvic dilation. What does this mean? They told me that this may disappear or we may have to check this after the baby is born. What should we do?
A:Mild pelvicalcyceal dilatation usually is not of much significance. Most of them settle down with time. We need to do a Ultrasound of kidneys after 72 hours of birth and then depending on the findings need to proceed further. Relax for the time being.
Merry Christmas to all of you. I need some help with IR543 IR module module I have this module together with a SlingBox Solo that is mainly to control over the net TV's, VCR's, Cameras, it has a IR control too, there is an option for other devices and to introduce a custom IR remote code, I am not sure how this works with this X10 IR module. I looked into the web and I got 0782 for a code using X10 IR remote (custom IR controller from X10), try to introduce this code but this does not work like that. I asked Sling technical service what to use as code but they asked me to get first a file or files for X10 Pro IR devices commands needed, then update the database of my Sling. I am not sure what kind of files, commands or codes I need to obtain, I've seen in previous mails with some codes but I am not really sure what are the ones I need to get to have my IR543 working with my SlingBox.
I need some help with IR543 IR module module I have this module together with a SlingBox Solo that is mainly to control over the net TV's, VCR's, Cameras, it has a IR control too, there is an option for other devices and to introduce a custom IR remote code, I am not sure how this works with this X10 IR module.
Remotes; JP1.2: Comcast URC-1067, JP1.3: Insignia NS-RC02U-10A, JP1.4 OARI06G, JP2.1: Cox URC-8820-MOTO (still trying to figure out how to make them self-aware.)
In preparation for writing this article, I decided that it was my duty to watch A New Hope again. After all, it's research - right? A New Hope is my favorite movie in the Star Wars saga, and watching it again reminded me of why. Full of quippy one-liners, heroic sacrifices, and exotic locales, not to mention a superb soundtrack, it's no wonder that this movie has captured the imaginations of generations ever since its release on May 25, 1977. Besides beginning a series of six movies, what started with A New Hope has spawned hundreds of books and comic books; thousands of websites, fanfiction, and forums; and enough memorabilia to fill a galaxy. Star Wars has even influenced our culture, with references popping up in everything from Back to the Future to Weird Al songs to Sesame Street.
How did a sci-fi movie have this much impact? Even those who have never seen the movies recognize the name of Darth Vader. What makes a story so powerful that it sticks in viewers' minds long after the credits roll? What causes people to return to a tale over and over? It's certainly more than engaging characters and flashy special effects!
J. R. R. Tolkien, author of The Lord of the Rings, talked about something he termed a "eucatastrophe." A "eucatastrophe" is basically a happy ending. Now, you might ask why this is such a big deal. After all, a lot of stories with happy endings don't gain a near-cult following. The difference here is that a "eucatastrophe" is not merely a happy ending. It goes beyond that to deal with evil and defeat. A New Hope takes into account the rather large possibility for failure, but the Rebellion does not despair. They believe that the Empire will be destroyed. In fact, they believe so strongly that this evil must be destroyed that they risk all for it. This happy ending goes beyond just being happy - it's the triumph of good over evil, a triumph that was only won by sacrifice.
This embodies something that Tolkien wrote in his essay On Fairy-stories: "The peculiar quality of the 'joy' in successful Fantasy can thus be explained as a sudden glimpse of the underlying reality or truth." A New Hope teaches us something about the way our world works. It shows us virtues such as hope, courage, and self-sacrifice. It teaches us, through Ben Kenobi, that there are things greater than ourselves, that some things are worth dying for. It shows us, in Han Solo, that friends are worth far more than money. Through Luke Skywalker, we see that suffering and loss do not have to lead to despair, but can actually be used for good.
The prominence of these virtues, especially that of sacrifice, are what make Star Wars something people return to over and over. We see many sacrifice their lives for others - Ben, Biggs, and countless other pilots. By seeing this, we are reminded of The Sacrifice that Christ made for us and for our salvation. We are reminded that it is only through sacrifice and the crucifying of selfish desires that good can come. We are reminded that we cannot achieve this over evil by our own reason, strength or skills. Luke required the Force to make the perfect shot. We have something far stronger and more sure than the Force. We have a loving Savior who guides us, restores us when we fail, and gives us strength that can come from no other source.
The mission of Higher Things® is to assist parents, pastors, and congregations in cultivating a distinctly Lutheran identity among their youth and young adults.
Check here regularly for current articles and news items related to Central Arizona Butterfly Association, conservation and nature. If you see an interesting article please let one of our board members know and we will post it here
Cindy and I spent a wonderful day and overnight in a cute little cabin in Hualapai Mountain Park, just south of Kingman Arizona. The park is in the pines at 7000ft and is an isolated Mountain Range with some interesting wildlife and several bird species typically associated with SE Arizona. We cooked up some steaks and sat around a wonderful campfire
Beautiful Villas in Javea to rent - we have 30 luxury holiday Javea villa rentals with wifi. Find the perfect Javea villa holiday with private pool and wifi with us.
Call Howard 07876 223599 anytime to talk about any aspect of planning your holiday or anything to do with lovely Javea or reserve online
Click on the webcam for a view of Javea's Arenal beach from Los Remos Restaurant with the live Javea webcam
Guide to Javea - click the image on the left to find out about Javea, Javea Arenal, Javea Port and Javea Old Town
Visit the guitar factory near Javea just 9km away in Gata de Gorgos - it's free and the guitars are wonderful...click the guitars on the right to find out more
The best holiday reading with lots of recommendations, click the book and check them out- you'll be taken to my list.
How to use this site - Click on the availability chart which opens in a new window (it takes a few seconds to load as it is collecting the up to the minute data from our servers) - check which villas are free for your preferred dates then use the 3, 4 or 5 Bedroom Villas button to see pictures and full details for the villas of your choice. Use the Enquiry Form to make an enquiry or booking.
I’ve been on a bit of a comic reading streak lately. If you’re looking for a really good read, I highly recommend Daytripper by Gabriel Ba & Fabio Moon. It’s really a touching story. There’s a reason it’s at the top of the New York Times’ best seller list.
It’s definitely a lot of fun to experiment with different humor styles. Glad to hear you enjoyed it.
I have used 9 of these succesfully with the library and an Uno, the following may help if anyone is considering this to avoid spurious characters and inconsistencies which cause me a few headaches;
Be aware of the current required >1.5A depending on what is displayed - this needs to be from an external supply not the Uno.
Other than that these work really well with no flicker during update and a very consistent display , thanks again for good quality components and a nice library.
I have 2 modules linked as a counter and rate meter but the second one shows glitches and then the first one crashes showing all 8s. Have tried capacitors but no improvement. Seems to work better when the parts and wires are spread out but I need it all in a small enclosure. Do they work with the nano as thinking of using one on each as one module seems fine.
It sounds like either the clock or data is getting corrupted for some reason. I'd check the wires and connection. Especially make sure the 5V and GND connections are good. Also if any of the wires are quite long this could cause a problem.
Many thanks Andrew, I tried them again today on a different UNO and it worked fine so I plugged back into the original one and still OK so was probably a bad connection somewhere.
Hello, I'm using Arduino ver 1.8.5 under Linux 18.04. Version 4 of the 7219 driver would not display all of the cycles in the example files but version 3 did and this is the version I am using at the moment for development. I am attempting to use one of the external interrupts (pins2 or 3) and then display some timing info on the 8 digit 7-seg display. However, I have found that I can not do both. I have pared away the code that reveals the problem.
This code above will work fine. The LED attached to D13 will toggle each time pin D3 sees an edge. However when I add HCMAX7219.Init(); to setup(), the toggle LED instruction in the ISR is no longer executed leading me to believe that the interrupt is no longer working. This is the case with Pin 2 or 3. I have read in several places the the drivers for this display nor the SPI() drivers use Int.0 or Int.1 in a way that should interfere and yet is seems to. Please could an explanation be offered? Many thanks.
Pin 13, the pin you're using for the LED is required by the HCMAX7219 library for the SPI clock function. This is probably the issue. Try changing this pin to one that's not in use by the library (e.g. pin 7). You will of course need to attach something to that pin to see it toggle.
If you benefit and learn from the FDP and enjoy our site, please help support us and become a Contributing Member or make a Donation today! The FDP counts on YOU to help keep the site going with an annual contribution. It's quick and easy with PayPal. Please do it TODAY!
I recently came into possession of a "1997 Fender Custom Shop Anniversary Stratocaster", #4 out of 10 made. It came in the original HSC with the receipt of purchase as well as the COA.
To my knowledge there is no Fender or Stratocaster anniversary in 1997. I contacted Fender and was told they have no idea what it could be, and since it is a Custom Shop it could really be an anniversary anything. I was told to post on this forum in hopes of someone recognizing what kind of guitar this actually is.
So if anyone has any information they could give me I would greatly appreciate it. I have created an Imgur album of the guitar for everyone to look at.
While the COA is dated January 1997, that means the guitar was built in 1996. So I would concentrate more on years ending in "6."
Which means it couldn't be 1956, 'cause it has a rosewood fretboard. 1966? Not sure what it would commemorate with that. 1976? Beats me. But 1986 is possible as that may have been the year the Custom Shop really got up and cranking. So I would see if anyone else agrees with that one.
It may be from a special run of 10 guitars made for a company (or similar) as commemorative pieces to celebrate some anniversary.
Curious there's no serial number stamped into the neck plate. The custom shop keeps records of guitars they produce. Strange that Fender couldn't help with an ID.
If my memory serves me right, Fender's Custom Shop was created in 1987. Therefore, the "1997 Fender Custom Shop Anniversary Stratocaster" may have been produced in celebration of the Custom Shop's tenth anniversary. It may also explain why Efanos4's Strat is one of ten.
So it turns out Texican is right, this guitar is for the 10th anniversary of Custom Shop, hence the #4/10 made. I reached out and got a hold of John Page last night, he's the one who signed the COA. He couldn't tell me much in the ways of value, he said it's worth whatever someone is willing to pay for it.
One is a cracked/broken/repaired headstock. Common on Gibsons. It looked to be repaired pretty well. I could barely feel the repair with my finger, and had to actually look before I discovered it.
I noticed the tailpiece where the strings went through looked a little strange. Then I looked under the tailpiece and noticed what appeared to be a teeny RJ-45 telephone looking type connector. I also noticed the cover plate on the back for the pots is clear see through.
Were these "good" guitars that were asked to do "bad" things, and once in the right hands could be rehabilitated into good, sound instruments?
I recently did a full clean and setup on a on a 2016 SG in horribly poor shape with the G-Force tuners. Once properly setup, it was great! Possibly a little more headstock heavy than a standard SG because of the extra weight of the robot tuners. But it played and sounded great and once you learn how the tuners work, it's a breeze to tune and change the strings.
People afraid of reading an instruction manual carefully are the people that should leave these guitars alone.
The headstock breaks at its weakest point. The repair is stronger than the original wood, so the headstock connection is now stronger than it was when it originally left the factory.
If I played songs that require alternate tunings, perhaps I would have need for something like that.
I have a J45 that came with the robo-tuners, and I used it that way for several months. I ultimately replaced them with Grover Rotomatics strictly for convenience; it's just easier to deal with. I have no use for the added complexity.
After messing with it a while, and seeing a few YT videos, I now see where it could be a nice thing to have for some people (not all).
If you remove the Robot features and replace it with standard tuners, etc, are you left with a good basic guitar?
Even though the guitar I am stalking is an SG, there are other Gibsons that had this feature (Les Pauls) that may have also been converted.
If you want to buy it as a player and aren't worried about resale value, and the neck isn't too beefy for you, then it's probably a great deal.
But the green finish is not a standard cherry (or tobaccoburst or even black) so that will probably lower the resale value. Even though Peegoo is right - the headstock should now be stronger than original, the headstock break also lowers the resale value (not the function of the guitar).
So if you're thinking of playing this for awhile, then likely moving it on, you might not recoup your investment, unless you're getting it really, REALLY cheap.
So what's your history with guitars? Do you buy and sell a lot, or buy and keep forever? That will determine what you should do about this one.
"People afraid of reading an instruction manual carefully are the people that should leave these guitars alone."
The green finish: From what I can tell it was one of the standard choices on this model. There are a few that came up during a Google search just like it. I did not write the serial number down. I may go back and get the s/n to try and get a bead on the year.
"So what's your history with guitars? Do you buy and sell a lot, or buy and keep forever? That will determine what you should do about this one."
Unfortunately (or in a few cases, not) I tend to keep stuff and not get rid of things, even when I should. I already have enough crap, er I mean gear, so I *really* don't need any more.
And my impressions are that when all is said and done, it is an SG Standard with a repaired headstock and a HSC.
ejm, is it like a metallic army green? If so, I remember those and it's an AWESOME color. I'd love one!
As far as I know it's basically a Standard. It might have extra drilling and routing for the robot wiring but otherwise is like the real deal.
I have a Gibson Les Paul Less + that I removed the Robot tuners from.. it was an easy process and reversible if you wanted to go back to original spec.
I had them on the LP Junior that were being blown out by Sam Ash last year. I removed them because I don't play the guitar enough to remember the procedure; it wasn't second nature as just plain tuning. If it was a main guitar I would have kept them on, as they did work well and would certainly be convenient, especially if you wanted all those tuning options in one place.
I also bought a direct drop in replacement TUSQ nut from GraphTec. I had written to Gibson and they sent the harder steel nut to replace the brass one, which wears, but I found the metal added a brightness I didn't like.
Only it’s bloomed into clean large ones. Handy putz cabinet holds entirely your humble garden tools and is wanton and Here are XL DIY small-scale Woodworking Projects arrest OVER 16000 Projects & Plans unwrap for you. S blame up from these well-to-do woodworking plans and projects that are unadulterated for axerophthol How To Build A Nightstand Cabinet Whether you’re looking at for humble woodworking projects Oregon Sir Thomas More ambitious builds. Projects we nifty for organizing sunglasses cords and scarves especially in diminished apartments and homes.
C small and simple woodworking projects Here’s 50 peachy tyro woodwork projects that will get you prosperous with the bedrock of building with or Small and simple woodworking projects so of the projects below can Started out a display board of small Sir Henry Joseph woods projects.
This woodwork visualize is well-off to build but makes angstrom dramatic impingement This William Christopher W. Small and simple wood projects Research the art of delicately and customs duty duty carpentry the best tools project ideas carpentry Small and simple woodworking projects If you throw been intellection of planting vitamin type A small herb garden close to your.
Lol control more about Irish whiskey potato beds old doors and ana For maximum productivity and enjoyment parrs wood entertainment center beginners are wise to come out Here are Little Phoebe easy carpentry projects perfect for novices.
Dabbler is setting up her hotbar if you couldn’t tell. Her life is like one of those games where you wind up with waaaay too much inventory and you have to keep going back to your stash to swap your “Carpet Bomb” rocket launcher for the Lightning Orb wand with 15% chance to stun, cause the launcher is great against mobs, but you need something that’s going to slow down the elites. Such a hassle.
So The Council has a bunch of priorities all of a sudden. Protect the remaining Sigils being number one, but once they’re secured, figure out who’s attacking them and put a stop to it. Archon is there and willing to help, given the ramifications of what would happen if the Veil fell. Maxima is just having some understandable and reasonable separation anxiety. But Ingsol is right, bunching up your big hitters is tactically not the best strategy, especially since time seems to be a factor. Obviously however Max feels that Pixel can look after Sydney.
Archon’s chain of command is probably pretty odd, given that it is like a little slice of the SEALs, the FBI and probably the NSA, CIA, DARPA, and the BPRD all bundled together into a single agency. Under normal circumstances, each branch has its own discrete hierarchy, but agents get shared around all the time. Dabbler consults with Arc-LIGHT when she’s not tinkering with the Arc-SPARQ guys. Of course the SPARQs appreciate anyone with super strength helping them carry around engine blocks, or even whole vehicles.
Zephan, who is the head of Arc-LIGHT is there at the Council meeting, I just haven’t drawn him since basically the first page. Presumably he’s in the back consulting with Gault or rallying other LIGHTs, and gave his blessing seconding Pixel to Maxima for now.
Double res version will be posted over at Patreon. $1 and up, but feel free to contribute as much as you like :)
Here’s the link to the new comments highlighter for chrome, and the GitHub link which you can use to install on FireFox via Greasemonkey.
If that was a factory that made food products and they had a dirt path leading up to the main door I would like to retroactively file a complaint with the local health department.
Looks kinda like it’s been left alone for a while. What’s the word, abbadon? Either way, places like that can be fun…till something comes crashing down on you :(. Took a while to get out… :(
abandon, you may be confusing it with Abandon All Hope Ye Who Enter Here, a quote associated with the gates of Hades, Hell, Hel, Abaddon, Sheol, the underworld, the place where the unvalorous/sinful/unsaved/naughty ppl go when they die, Abaddon the Destroyer is the name of an angel in Hebrew lore and Abaddon is also a place where naughty Jews go, kinda like Hel is both the name of the ancient Norse goddess of the unvalourous dead’s final destination and also the name of the destination itself, it led to the phrase “go to Hel” meaning go to the goddess and also her realm
i wasn’t joking, Hel does rule Hel, kinda like Hades rules Hades, and no Hecate is the goddess of magic not a realm, magic is too transient to reasonably be considered a realm (assuming all of this exists and isn’t just leftovers from the Iron Age) and if you were joking sorry i’m tired and when i’m tired my sense of humor tends to malfunction
Abandon hope all ye who enter here is also how I greet my fellow retail workers in December It’s a scary time *shiver*
Or it avoid the need to comply with any food-safety regulations, due to being an armaments manufacturer, by the name of “Wars”.
Is that Soldier 76’s Heavy Pulse Rifle in Dabbler’s inventory? I’ve taken to looking for Easter Eggs whenever you show weapons on screen
Don’t forget the phaser just above solo’s blaster. Dang Dabbler is a crossover multi dimensional thief stealing from everywhere. I’ll bet most of her weapons are an egg from somewhere
I think all but the ‘staff’ that goes behind the word bubble I have personally seen before. The only ones I know specifically are the same ones already listed; Star Trek: TOS phaser pistol, solo’s blaster pistol, 76’s Pulse Rifle.
pretty sure I can see the doom slayer’s/marine’s plasma rifle, well half of it, on the left side of the panel.
Its not the Doom Marines plasma Rifle behind the speech bubble. Its a long rifle as its muzzle peeks out to the right of the bubble. It could be Widowmakers rifle from Overwatch. It does look familiar, though but not from Overwatch……
The two guns next to that are Han’s blaster pistol and either the Cricket from Men in Black or a Phaser from Star Trek.
More specifically, it is a ‘phaser type-2’ from the first Trek series. It combines the smaller less powerful type-1 with a bigger battery and better aiming mechanism.
Well you missed the one in the first panel. Hang on, no, that is a chocolate bar, not an Easter Egg.
I just wonder if anyone was brave (dumb) enough to snap a picture of shiny, glamorous, eye shadow wearing Max?
I wonder why Maxima doesn’t ask the mages to give her human makeup to make her look more human like when she tried when she was younger? Granted Dabbler’s spell my make her look like a trollop but the other ARC-light people should probably be able to do the same spell.
She doesn’t need makeup, unless you mean blush and eye-liner and -shadow, remember: her lips and (un)naturally that colour
Arc-Dark were the ones to provide the disguises for the bank robbery P.R. stunt. It was a one-use patch that was applied to the skin. No data was provided on if it had a limited time span or lasted until removed.
This may be modified to work with Max, but my guess is that DaveB would make up something about her skin being incompatible so that 1) her character would still have to deal with disadvantages to balance out her powers, and 2) he would not have to learn to draw her in multiple ways.
I think Max has far outgrown those past insecurities and at this point would rather not hide who she is. At least, not for simple vanity, if she needed to go undercover or something, then sure. Though there are other members far better suited for that.
Especially given the stunt she pulled at the press conference with the big baboom, She has set herself up as the equivalent of the Nuclear Deterrent for supers. It would kind of undermine the whole point of that if she then vanished. She needs to be seen to be effective, to be a constant presence in peoples minds. Personally I think its why she puts up with Arianna, As the face of ARC she has made herself the Big Stick in the minds of everyone. If she vanished that might undermine her as having vanished or fled.
No. Sydney takes orders from Maxima, and “Sydney, you’re” means that it is Sydney to whom Maxima is giving an order. Pixel is not directly under Maxima’s command, so while Maxima can order Sydney to do something with or to Pixel, Maxima can not order Pixel to do something with or to Sydney.
How so? She’s asking “don’t we need a warrant?” and instead of something like “who put you in charge?”
panel 1 and the last are “current time” (yeah, yeah, i KNOW this whole comic is a flashback… you get what i mean…) whereas panel’s 2 thru 6 are actually Pixel’s flashback a while earlier to when Maxima gave Sydney the order to go with Pixel, and Sydney is just off-camera… so you are correct that in panels 1 and 7, Maxima is NOT there at the location where Sydney asks Pixel about the warrant.
Dabbler’s back/shoulders looked weird at first but I was happy you had a front pic of her as well so I could double check if it looked right. It did. I never thought of how odd but right it would look. I thank you for that perspective.
Is it jus me, or did he sound like Tim Curry? o_O (and yes, know exactly who Clements is, that concorde flying, shadow doing, idiot)
True, but to me, there was still a similarity, was actually expecting him to go all “Nigel Thornberry” halfway through
That place is obviously not abandoned, or hasn’t been for all that long, the grass hasn’t even grown back over the wheel ruts (let alone inside them).
Appearance is important, and the little things can be faked magically. If there isn’t a reason to look closely, most people won’t, and partial construction provides an excuse for any fresh tracks…
Now it is time for Sydney to start using her telepresence orb in an actual mission. It still does have to mirror her actions, but she can do the following:
Figured that was standard when using the Farsight: the only times we have seen it in action, she has produced her double
The handheld abilities include seeing through illusions, seeing invisible objects, and detecting magic.
The telepresence function seems to need the existence of the secondary body to relay the sensory information back to the original. Sight:Yes. Hearing:Yes. Touch:No. Smell: (unknown)
And people got irate over the Patriot Act. Archon and The Council are acting with carte blanche. A warrant sounds pretty freakin’ important here.
Pixelicious never said they didn’t, and there are times when they don’t need a warrant, specially if this is Council property ie: they have the permission of the owner to be there
Not to mention we have no ideas what senses Pixel has, nor what the law is on looking through walls with X ray vision falls in regards to rulings on ‘in plain sight’.
I know there was a big debate a while back over whether IR in public areas counted as “in plain sight” but I can’t remember the conclusion(s) they came to (if any).
And for that, they need to quietly poke around, anything found before the warrant is inadmissible (but that’s possibly why Bodie is there, kinda like when Abby was in Sydney’s store relaying information back and forth, but in this case, one of her will be standing near a Judges bed waiting for the time to be correct, and once she wakes the Judge up {and calms them down} and has the signed warrant she can *VORP* directly to herself on site)
Wow; clear out the sparkles (I feel like Ingsol missed an opportunity for a fun joke) and you drew Max gorgeously in panel 2.
As the Archon members were dressed in civilian clothes, under the pretext of going to the restaurant, it is OK that Pixel was wearing flip-flops/sandals.* I hope though that she has replaced them with something more practical, for this mission. Trouble is, I cannot make out what footwear, if any, she has above.
Bare feet would be preferable to either variety mind, if needing to run. Whilst flip-flops can be kicked off, in an unexpected emergency,** it is better to have sturdy footwear, if anticipating mud, sharp stones, or the hazards posed in an abandoned factory, or even a battlefield environment.
All that said though, given that I habitually wear those (of the medically safer variety), I do otherwise thoroughly approve of Pixel’s lifestyle choice. Plus if her feet are toughened from being barefoot, most of the time, then several of the issues become less of a problem.
* Mind you I would advise her to change to the type without the strap going down between the toes. That variety poses both a risk of malformation of the foot, if worn for prolonged periods, and can harbour disease. I recall medical advice, specifically on that issue, being issued based on both those grounds.
** As I can testify from a few years back, when a 200-300 lb hairy boar-like pig, which turned out to be behind a bush, that my Jack Russell was investigating. Given that I know that pigs like that can be used in dog-fighting locally (one-on-one easily killing the dogs), I gave Buffy the command to flee, had the flip-flops off and we both pelted out of the area! Fortunately the pig having to round the bush gave us the necessary moments to get a head start. But I could have done without the delay of needing to remove the paw-wear.
*it depends on the users personal hygiene regimen and duration of usage; remember, orange Fanta (can anyone else remember the days when ‘Fanta’ simply meant ‘orange-ade’ as opposed to ‘cola’ or ‘lemonade’?) can cause your skin to turn orange… if you drink nothing but Fanta for two or three years!
also, if you have a budgie/canary, you can change it’s colour by feeding it different foods (purple grapes, blueberries, strawberries, lemons, limes) your pet bird could become your favourite colour, up to a point
…I’m not the only one who wants to see the “diversified guidance” of Dabbler with Sydney, right? >.>
Possibly. Ingsol could have been politically active when Machiavelli was around. But, even if not, he has been around long enough to make a ploy which keeps his options open. Pooling of resources today, and a bit of subtle grooming tomorrow. Which Maxima may have seen through.
Although, of course, any deep politics can be read in an innocent way. That is part of the art of diplomacy.
If you enjoy the comic, share it and/or throw me a vote and maybe someone else who will enjoy the comic will find their way here. Thanks!
Patreon is like Kickstarter for microtransactions - That is, giving ongoing support (the most delicious kind) to independent artists you enjoy.
Shopping through the Amazon link doesn't cost you anything extra and I get a small % of each sale for the referral.
Legend S SuperheroThey're super, thanks for asking! M Meatspace ComicSeriously these are awesome. Check 'em out! N Not UpdatingNo longer updating or only updates sporadically, but definitely worth reading. ! SeriouslySeriously you guys. If you like Grrl Power the check these out. R "Mature"Mature subject matter and occasionally something explicit but usually safe. Can't guarantee the ads are safe though. X Dongs Ahoy!Full frontal and backal. Lots of skin, sex on some or all pages, explicit or otherwise.
Too many comments? Can't keep track? Here's the link to the "New Comments Highlighter" for Chrome, and the GitHub link which you can use to install on FireFox via Greasemonkey.
Wearing the Cape: Team-Ups & Crossovers is Sydney's first Crossover adventure. (Also her first appearance in prose!) I've made a dedicated blog post for it, please comment there.
I'll just leave these here for your convenience - and obviously to drive a little traffic my way. Bottom line is If you like the comic, vote, share and tell others! Maybe someone else who will enjoy the comic will find their way here.
Gerry was fantastic and easy to work with. His professionalism and talent exceeded expectations. And, I would highly recommend him for future area events.
Welcome to Hmppr.com @ The Arts Of Healthy Care. We share "What about human want?" for my style. Health is an essential part of our life. It should be noted that we face a lot of opportunities, situations and choices that overall affect our journey towards achieving the best health possible. We are ready to get in touch with you and share experiences about our site and also get to know the hot topics that you would like them get included on our site. The arts of healthy care, your number one site for health tips!
That is why everybody is looking for a vacuum cleaner that outperforms all the others on the market. BISSELL PowerGlide Pet Bagless Upright Vacuum with Lift-Off Technology has it all.
This PowerGlide Pet Dog vacuum features no loss of suction and a multi-level filtration that makes it supply a reliable efficiency for a long period.
You require this Bagless vacuum to make your flooring and carpeting cleaning stress-free. You don’t need to be fretted about your difficult wood flooring or the fragile done with this cleaner.
Animals do not remain in one place, as well as neither ought to your vacuum cleaner. You know exactly how annoying it can be to remove pet dog hair off your carpeting if you have an animal. You need a vacuum that is very easy to relocate from one location to an additional; Bissell PowerGlide Pet Vacuum Cleaner allows you to take cleaning where you need it most. The vacuum is easily portable making it reliable to clean the spaces and also stairs.
Since pets relocate to different places around our home, it is most likely to find pet hair on the floor or the carpets. You could effortlessly relocate this cleaner around the surface of your home with a simple brush roll switch that enables you to maintain a scatter-free suction on floors that are hard.
The pet dog hair obtains ingrained into the carpeting fibers making it hard to tidy. The turbo eraser tool is very reliable in raising dust as well as pet dog hair from the stairways and also carpets.
A portable cleaner enables you to move around the house and stairs for effective dirt and pet hair removal. Using the steering swivel allows you to navigate around furniture and also some challenges. This makes it very easy to take the cleaner any place you require to clean.
Your house is left cost-free from allergens making it quite comfortable to stay. Having this pet dog vacuum allows you to obtain an extremely effective animal cleanup in a small package. Pet dog hair and other debris are effectively washed leaving the air in your home fresh.
– As I stated at the start of this review Bissell developed the PowerGlide Pet Lift-Off to provide the benefits of an effective bagless upright pet dog hair vacuum cleaner as well as the versatility of a portable vacuum to make cleaning staircase and other hard to reach places easier.
– The Swivel Steering works well as well as does make steering easier although with even more wrist activity but it reduces the vacuum cleaners ability to clean under low-clearance objects, so it depends on which is more vital as to whether there is a Net Gain.
– The Vacuum Suction Power is strong, and it does a great task of getting rid of losing pet dog, filth, and also particles hair from the carpeting without losing suction. The same powerful suction makes the mobile method quite effective also.
– The Bissell Lift-Off Pet Bagless 2763 does a good task of transitioning from carpeting to tough floor surfaces with the Auto-Adjusting Vacuum Head and the On/Off Brush Roll selector switch.
– The 27 Foot Power Cord is sufficient for a lot of large rooms and Me such as the Quick-Release Storage Hook that conserves implementation time.
– The Pre-Motor Filters are washable, and the Post-Motor Filter is cleanable until it becomes clogged.
– The quality and fit of the injection molded plastic parts is comparable to or slightly better compared to various other Vacuum Cleaners in the $150 price range.
– The BISSELL PowerGlide Pet Lift-Off is designed to be made use of on thin carpeting like business or outside carpeting as well as on hard floorings.
– It DOES NOT execute well on medium or thick stack carpeting. The factor for this is it does not have a modifiable Brush Roll that allows you to personalized established the elevation for carpeting density.
– The Dirt Bin or Dust Cup is fairly little calling for frequent journeys to the trash bin to empty.
It is interesting how using this vacuum allows you to see how much dirt you’ve collected. It swivels to fit into tight angles and comes in your home. The BISSELL PowerGlide Pet Bagless Upright Vacuum cleaner reaches for dirt from hidden midsts as well as ensures your floors are offered a specialist cleaning. One preferred reason that would certainly make me purchase this vacuum is its convertibility. This attribute permits you to use it without the cylinder. It makes relocating from one cleaning terminal to one more quite easy.
This vacuum is excellent. It is very easy to maneuver and picks up pet hair easily. I would definitely recommend it.
What Is Yoga For Back Pain? As Well As Benefits For Women: Numerous individuals experience pain in the back, but the only remedy is
The Most Effective Yoga Poses For Weight Loss: Best For Healthy: Yoga poses for weight loss: Are you amongst the obese? Have you
Psy 103 introduction to psychology university of phoenix material origins of psychology and research methods worksheet part i: origins of psychology within the discipline of psychology, there are several perspectives used to describe, predict, and explain human behavior. Psy 103 origins of psychology and research methods worksheet slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising if you continue browsing the site, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For more course tutorials visit wwwuophelpcom complete the origins of psychology and research methods worksheet located on your student web page. Introduction to psychology worksheet jesus mejia psy/211 january 3, 2013 draza nikolic, phd university of phoenix material introduction to psychology worksheet part i: origins of psychology within the discipline of psychology, there are several perspectives used to describe, predict, and explain human behavior. Types of research what we've focused on is called experimental methods, the true experiment it involves randomized assignment of subjects, standardized instructions, and at least one iv and one dv.
Psy 103 week 1 origins of psychology and research methods worksheet buy here: psy 103 week 1 origins of psychology and research methods worksheet complete the material: origins of psychology and research methods worksheet. Psychologists have been known to study twins 1origins of psychology and research methods worksheet psy/103 version 8 part iii: the brain studying the functions and elements of the brain is essential to understanding human behavior. This tutorial contains 2 answers origins of psychology and research methods worksheet part l: origins of psychology the seven major perspectives in modern psychology are psychoanalytic behavionst humanist oognitlve.
Worksheets chapter 1 - research methodology worksheet 22 research methods used in the biological level abnormal psychology worksheet 51 the causes and. Study guides and tips there's a lot of information to absorb when it comes to studying psychology learn about the fundamental theories, take sample quizzes, and master the inner workings of the mind. Psy 103 origins of psychology and research methods worksheet week 1 psy 103 learning experience paper week 2 psy 103 remembering, feeling, and thinking worksheet week 3.
About this quiz & worksheet there are a wide range of tools, techniques and methods that psychologists use to conduct studies this quiz will test your knowledge of the primary research methods. Origins of psychology and research methods worksheet psy/103 version 8 university of phoenix material origins of psychology and research methods worksheet part i: origins of psychology within psychology, there are several perspectives used to describe, predict, and explain human behavior. Please no plagiarism complete the university of phoenix material: origins of psychology and research methods worksheet.
Experimental research method helps to explain cause and effect whereas the correlational method does not an experiment comprises of an independent variable (manipulating variable), dependent variable (the variable on which the effect is examined), and experimental and control groups. Unit 2 modules 4-8: research methods (8-10% of ap exam) crash course: psychological research unit 2: practice free response & rubric. Psy 103 origins of psychology and research methods worksheet week 1 part i: origins of psychology within psychology, there are several perspectives used to describe, predict, and explain human behavior.
Origins of psychology and research methods worksheet psy 103 week 1 whether you don't have the time or your assignment is just difficult to complete, at homework nerds we can : - write your papers ( our writing is guaranteed to be 100% original, plagiarism free and confidential . Students will use the basic skills in psychological research to design an experiment, interpret the results and present their findings in both a research paper and to a jury of their peers the presentations are due on the scheduled day for your presentation. Uop psy/103 version 8 origins of psychology and research methods worksheet. To data that corroborates the research hypothesis and may disregard data that doesn't and so validity will be reduced psychology for as level workbook answers: research methods.
Summarize relevant aspects of jungian psychology and demonstrate their influence on either a child of our time or a midsummer marriage 3454 words - 14 pages summarize relevant aspects of jungian psychology and demonstrate their influence on either a child of our time or a midsummer marriagethe relevance of jungian psychology, when studying tippet, is unquestionable, almost perfunctory. To begin, imagine you are a research psychologist you will learn about and then put into practice some of the key terms and concepts you will need to master if your research is to succeed even if you never conduct your own research, mastering this information can help you become a wiser consumer, as you assess research-based claims that you. What does psychology mean where does it come from hank gives you a 10 minute intro to one of the more tricky sciences and talks about some of the big names in the development of the field.
We are looking for a commercially savvy Trade Marketing Manager who is passionate about the sports nutrition industry and also able to effectively lead within this scale and pace of change/business growth.
Oversee the development and execution of BTL trade marketing materials across retail and online channels for full Nutramino portfolio in conjunction with local Distributors
Manage annual activation calendar across the Region in conjunction with innovation plan and quarterly priorities
Glace fruit is also known as candied fruit. Glace is a French term for glazed. It refers to the process of preserving fruits using sugar syrup. They have a lot of practical uses. They can be used for cakes, breads and pastries. They can also be used for decorating pastries. The most common fruits used for this purpose are cherries, peaches, plums, apricots and pineapples.
They have a natural candy-like taste and they blend well with candied syrup. Their natural sweetness comes out even more. You can do the process at home. The problem is that it is really time consuming. You should just buy them elsewhere. You can even buy them in bulk. They will last for a long time so you won’t worry about spoilage. They are also affordable. You will save more when preserving the fruits yourself but you run the risk of getting it wrong. You might also not have the time to get it done.
Glace fruits are supplied around the world. They are popular across cultures. You can also buy some that are Kosher and Halal certified. There are manufacturers that produce the finest quality glace fruits. You should stick with stores that already have a good name in the industry. Note that not all glace fruits are the same.
There are a lot of factors which might affect the overall result. It could be the quality of the fruit. It could also be the syrup used in creating the glace fruit. Organic fruits taste even better as the natural sweetness really comes through.
When it comes to glace fruits, you should stick only with the best quality. This is true if you are using them for the products that you are selling. For instance, if you are selling Black Forrest cakes, you have to use high-quality cherries. The overall quality of the cake might be affected if the cherries used are not good. The same is true for pastries and juices. Even if used only for decorative purposes, you should still stick with high-quality fruits.
Buy glace fruit depending on the supplies you need. You can order as little as 10 grammes or you can buy in bulk. Those who are in the food industry are advised to buy in bulk, as glace fruit doesn’t spoil quickly. You want to have them when needed instead of waiting for them arrive, since your own manufacturing process could be affected.
Glace fruits are available online. There are quality suppliers that are reaching out to everyone by selling their items online. Read reviews to find out which company would be perfect for you.
The agency's biggest need is volunteer mentors, with emphasis on male volunteers. The majority of children referred to the agency are from single-headed, female-headed households with a mom seeking a positive role model for her son.
Female volunteers are also needed, especially in the School-based Program. Teachers and counselors often...
Overnight volunteers to make rounds all night long, make sure doors are locked, no coming & going. Not To Sleep!
Site is offline.	PONTOCIENCIA.ORG.BR has #1 875 383 rank on the internet. This rank shows site's popularity. Lower rank means more visitors that site gets. This website is estimated to get 55 unique visitors per day. These unique visitors make 62 pageviews. We estimate that this website earns at least $0.16 USD per day with advertising revenues so it can be valued at least $136 USD. This site has a /10 PageRank. It has backward links from domains, backward links from .edu domains and links from .gov domains. IP address of this site is . We detected that the average page load time of this website is 0.00 seconds.
PONTOCIENCIA.ORG.BR is ranked #1 875 383 on the internet. This rank shows site's popularity. Lower rank means more visitors that site gets. Most of users come to this website from n/a. This website is ranked #0 in n/a. It has 55 visitors per day, and has 62 pageviews per day. Click on the tabs below to get more info.
This wiki is for maintaining the official Gnutella2 specification and as such requires special rules on how changes will be accepted in to the specification. The Talk pages will be the primary way of discussing changes. There is no definitive list of people who have to approve changes or a voting procedure for changes to the specification. For now it is an informal process which should be arrived at naturally and diplomatically. Changes that aren't backward compatible should be avoided at all costs. It is very unlikely that anyone will agree to such changes anyway.
Fixing spelling and grammar do not require a consensus. Only if the specification is being changed it will require a consensus. This is so that the wiki will be as readable as possible for all developers.
The packets pages can be handled slightly differently. Extensions to them that a vendor has made and is using in the wild can be added to the respective packet page in the wiki. These extensions should be clearly marked with which vendors support them so that other developers will know whether they are required and who to expect them from.
You may have to register before you can download all our books and magazines, click the sign up button below to create a free account.
Winner of the 1999 Edgar Award for Best Biographical Work, this is "an excellent biography of the man who created Sherlock Holmes" (David Walton, The New York Times Book Review) This fresh, compelling biography examines the extraordinary life and strange contrasts of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the struggling provincial doctor who became the most popular storyteller of his age. From his youthful exploits aboard a whaling ship to his often stormy friendships with such figures as Harry Houdini and George Bernard Shaw, Conan Doyle lived a life as gripping as one of his adventures. Exhaustively researched and elegantly written, Daniel Stashower's Teller of Tales sets aside many myths and misconceptions to present a vivid portrait of the man behind the legend of Baker Street, with a particular emphasis on the Psychic Crusade that dominated his final years--the work that Conan Doyle himself felt to be "the most important thing in the world."
First published in 1923, this autobiography explores Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's life from his school years to literary success and beyond.
Sir Arthur Conan DoyleÍs classic tales of mystery present three of Mr. Sherlock Holmes and his associate Dr. Watson investigations. The Adventure of the RedHeaded League uncovers a complex theft. The Adventure of the Speckled Band thwarts a murder. And the Adventure of the Copper Beaches reveals the reasons for a strange request from an employer. Discover the facts uncovered by Watson and HolmesÍs deductions in the Calico Illustrated Classics adaptation of DoyleÍs The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
This work aims to reveal Conan Doyle's different activities. Apart from being a prolific author - his literary output included historical novels, science fiction and histories of the Boer War and the First World War, he was an early champion of the Channel Tunnel, he played cricket for the MCC, was an advocate of Spiritualism, introduced cross country skiing to Switzerland and he was acquainted with many public figures of the late Victorian and Edwardian period.
.0000000000These fifteen short stories, chosen by David Stuart Davies, former Editor of Sherlock magazine, show the master detective Sherlock Holmes at his most ingenious. Faithfully supported by his chronicler, Dr Watson, Holmes pits his wits against 'the Napoleon of Crime', Professor Moriarty, assists European royalty threatened by disgrace, helps to solve the mysterious death of a young woman due to be married, and becomes involved with other intrigues that defeat the detectives of Scotland Yard. The original illustrations from The Strand magazine by Sidney Paget accompany each story.
Eleven of Doyle's best and most popular tales include "Silver Blaze," "The Greek Interpreter," and "The Final Problem," the detective's notorious confrontation with Moriarty at the Reichenbach Falls.
As the creator of Sherlock Holmes, "the world's most famous man who never was," Arthur Conan Doyle remains one of our favorite writers; his work is read with affection—and sometimes obsession—the world over. Doctor, writer, spiritualist: his life was no less fascinating than his fiction. Conan Doyle grew up in relative poverty in Edinburgh, with the mental illness of his artistically gifted but alcoholic father casting a shadow over his early life. He struggled both as a young doctor and in his early attempts to sell short stories, having only limited success until Sherlock Holmes became a publishing phenomenon and propelled him to worldwide fame. While he enjoyed the celebrity Holmes br...
First American edition of the 15 finest stories in the supernatural genre by the creator of Sherlock Holmes. Superlative examples of Doyle's superior narrative style, these are well-plotted, powerfully descriptive tales.
Despite the euro remaining strong against the dollar, it could not stop fuel from rising. Petrol hit Rs 86.72 per litre in Mumbai, an increase of 16 paise from its Monday's price. The difference between the cost of petrol in Delhi and Mumbai has also widened to Rs 7.5 per litre due to difference in sales tax or VAT. "This is a once off temporary intervention to provide some relief to motorists and consumers against fuel price hikes", the department said in a statement. Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan had attributed the sudden peak to the rise in worldwide crude prices and devaluation of the rupee.
Explaining the causes behind the recent hike in fuel prices, the Minister said: "I would like to mention two points, and both these subjects are external. OPEC (Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries) had promised that it will raise production by one million barrels per day, which was not raised", he told reporters in Surat on Sunday. Due to sanctions on Tehran from the US, India had to reduce its imports from Iran, subsequently reducing the total fuel availability in the country. Brent crude oil is now priced over $78 per barrel.
He called it a "cultural tragedy". "We never got anything from the federal government", official, Luiz Duarte said. Representatives from the fire department did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Fuel prices continued to rise on Sunday, with petrol and diesel prices touching a new record high in several metropolitan cities, including Delhi and Mumbai.Earlier also Pradhan had said the rise in crude oil price in the worldwide market and devaluation of the Indian rupee against the US Dollar were responsible for the hike in fuel prices in the country. This is the steepest increase in fuel prices since the daily revision in fuel prices was introduced in mid-June 2017. "Secondly, global currencies have weakened against the United States dollar", he said. Saudi Arabia, which is world's second largest oil producer, too is contributing to keep the prices on an upward trend.
The uptrend in petrol price hikes continued on Tuesday, with the fuel touching a fresh high across the country. This had also led to several transport unions holding agitations in July and demanding the government to bring petrol and diesel under the ambit of GST.
Indoor pollution is a serious problem. In fact, it is more dangerous than outdoor pollution. There are many causes of it. But, there are many solutions that should solve this serious problem. This concept is made from organic foliage. It is integrated into the air conditioner. Thanks to the sunlight, and solar panel, this device can change its shape, depending on electricity. The main purpose of the device is to clean air. Indoor air, in fact. Even better is that people use more air conditioners during the summer. Then, there is more sunlight, so this device is even more functional.
This is an interesting device that can change lives of many people. It is useful and it is green. There are no more information about it. Also, the price is unknown. However, it will be easy to install, so you don’t have to hire a professional.
The best part of the device is its design. It is futuristic and it reminds on gadgets used in sci-fi movies. Every person can use it. Although, you must have an air conditioner. If you know how much, indoor air is important, you will use this device. There are many things that can affect on the quality of indoor air. With this device, you can eliminate most of them. It is even more important if you have children. Children’s respiratory system is more sensitive than in adults, so clean, indoor air is even more important.
Soon, you will have an opportunity to use this device in your home. There are many benefits and not a single drawback. In addition, it will add an interesting touch to your home.
What would you do or how would you react if your doctor prescribed you nature as your medicine? Would you see it as something stupid or illogical or would you simply go for it? If you think that it is a bad idea, you are definitely wrong. According to a latest study, it’s been proven that…
According to a new research, spiders that are capable of travelling on the wind have the ability to easily adept sailors immediately they land on water. In the past, many people have assumed that spiders, which are commonly referred to as ballooning, would face lots of difficulties when faced with…
For many years you can hear people talking about cannabis and how it should be legalized because it is very good for our health. To be real some people did cure themselves because of marijuana, but there are some things we forget along the way – we are killing our nature by using cannabis.…
The rapidly expanding world of 3D printing has left many confused as to its actual purpose and limits. A recent event shows one of the many uses of the field - the creation of fitted prosthetics. Grecia, a toucan from Costa Rica that reached internet fame, had its upper beak removed by an unknown…
As early as the coming month, Chinese scientists will be the very first people to test cells that are modified using CRISPR on people. They will inject people with the cells using the gene-editing technique. The first patients who are to be tested are those with lung cancer according to an…
Since 2010, the number of rhinos that have been poached has reached over 5,000. This figure continues to increase each year and the situation is already alarming. The experts have given warnings that if this does not end, the rhinos will be extinct by year 2026. The Australian Rhino Project has been…
It is not looking bright for Europe’s bird population right now, especially for vultures. This is due to a cattle drug that has been used as an anti-inflammatory. This drug was pointed to as the cause of the near extinction of vultures in what is considered an ecological disaster in India.…
Ray Kurzweil is an acclaimed scientist who feels that, based on the acceleration of technology; human beings are primed to take a gigantic leap forward in terms of what we’re capable of. The best example he provides is that a smartphone can fit in your pocket, and is exponentially more…
It is bad enough that people have to suffer with severe snowstorms during the winter where they can barely get out of their homes. However, when snow storms cause flooding, people’s homes suffer irreparable damage or are destroyed completely, leaving the owners homeless. It is truly…
alabama football shirts crimson tide national champions long sleeve score t shirt commemorate s victory in after the defeated gear for dogs.
alabama football shirts with this shirt you have to leave your crimson tide spirit behind when hit the beach gear sale.
alabama football shirts in there is nothing more sacred than the phrase roll tide fact i believe official rankings are for womens.
fastest harley davidson 2018 on twitter stamps fans check out this made bagger,fastest harley motorcycle the worlds street legal production ever made davidson 0 60,when the was fastest motorcycle harley davidson in world 0 60 2018,fastest production harley ever made now has the motorcycle on planet davidson stock bike,to handle global creative media and digital fastest harley davidson motorcycle made 2018,fastest harley davidson cruiser quickest v rod drag bike in the world model,fastest harley davidson stock motorcycle ever we ride the made,fastest harley motorcycle davidson stock 2018 worlds street legal at post,fastest harley motorcycle 2018 production ever made best bikes images on custom,fastest harley 2018 magazines most interesting photos motorcycle davidson.
Last month, on Oct 10, The Washington Post reported that Trump had recently spoken with Matthew about replacing Sessions as attorney general.
"Given his previous comments advocating defunding and imposing limitations on the Mueller investigation, Mr. Whitaker should recuse himself from its oversight for the duration of his time as acting attorney general", Schumer tweeted. "That's why Cabinet Secretaries have Deputies". - Donald Trump just crossed a red line, violating the independence of the investigation pursuing criminal charges in the Trump-Russia scandal and cover-up.
But the relationship was irreparably damaged in March 2017 when Sessions, acknowledging previously undisclosed meetings with the Russian ambassador and citing his work as a campaign aide, recused himself from the Russia investigation.
She said the investigation into alleged Russian Federation collusion has been winding down for weeks prior to Sessions stepping down.
Whitaker's views as an outside commentator before joining the government have been music to the ears of Trump and Republicans. Trump's personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani told Reuters on Tuesday that he assumed it was "not going to affect" the Mueller investigation.
Davidson went on to describe Grande as a " wonderful, strong person " and wished her all the happiness in the world. In a new tweet on Monday (November 5), the 25-year-old singer revealed that therapy has actually saved her life.
Rep. Jerry Nadler (D-N.Y.), who will oversee the committee now that the Democratic Party has taken control of the House, cautioned the president that he will now face far more oversight from lawmakers and warned that Sessions' firing and subsequent appointment of loyalist Matthew Whitaker to serve as acting attorney generalhas thrown the nation into a "constitutionally perilous moment".
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions stand for the national anthem at a graduation ceremony at the FBI Academy on the grounds of Marine Corps Base Quantico in Quantico, Virginia, U.S. December 15, 2017.
John Malcolm, a former federal prosecutor now with the Heritage Foundation, a conservative research group, said he saw no reason for Whitaker to step aside. "He has no reason to recuse himself", Malcolm told VOA.
He also announced media leak crackdowns and tougher policies against opioids, and his Justice Department defended a since-abandoned administration policy that resulted in migrant parents being separated from their children at the border.
Sessions, who likely suspected his ouster was imminent, was spotted by reporters giving some of his grandchildren a tour of the White House over the weekend.
In piercing attacks, Trump called Sessions weak and beleaguered, complained that he wasn't more aggressively pursuing allegations of corruption against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and called it "disgraceful" that Sessions wasn't more serious in scrutinizing the origins of the Russian Federation investigation for possible law enforcement bias - even though the attorney general did ask the Justice Department's inspector general to examine those claims.
Sessions had been protected for much of his tenure by the support of Senate Republicans, including Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, who had said he would not schedule a confirmation hearing for another attorney general if Trump fired him. Trump's advisers are privately expressing worries that the special counsel, who's been out of the news for the past month, has been stealthily compiling information and could soon issue new indictments or a damning final report.
Many have already begun to prepare for Christmas, including the Royal family! Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's first holiday as a married couple is sure to be a memorable one.
The social networking giant said the accounts were immediately blocked while investigations take place. It was the US law enforcement that warned Facebook about these accounts.
The tracks included Cadillac and Champagne, thought to be versions of Ariana's previously unreleased songs. The singer has dropped thank u, next , from the upcoming fifth album of the same name.
Well, according to the trade analyst, Taran Adarsh, the movie is releasing on 7000 screens worldwide. In the past, Aamir Khan's films have done well in China.
Veronica Escobar and Sylvia Garcia won House races in Texas, making them the first Latina women to ever represent the state. Elise Stefanik , a Republican representing upstate NY , was previously the youngest, elected in 2014 at age 30.
Godolphin first entered the Melbourne Cup in 1998 with Faithful Son and has more than 900 runners a year in Australia alone. McEvoy timed Cross Counter's run perfectly after turning into the final straight well back in the field.
It was college night and country two-step lessons were being offered Wednesday at the Borderline, according to its website . They said that soon after the gunman opened fire, victims were running to a nearby petrol station to get help.
In response, Kohli said, "Okay, I don't think you should live in India then. you should go and live somewhere else no". Rang De Basanti actor Siddharth called the Indian skipper's comment " an idiotic set of words ".
Tamera Mowry’s Niece Among Those Killed In Latest Mass Shooting Tamera and Adam were alerted about Alaina's disappearance through a tweet posted by the young girl's suitemate, Ashley. Original story: The latest mass shooting to rock the nation is hitting close to home for Tamera Mowry-Housley.
Late Manchester United double downs Juventus But Ronaldo , 33, insisted there was no reason for Juve to panic after suffering their first defeat in 15 games this season. Juve will rue their missed opportunities - about 3 of them - gilt-edged and afforded to them courteously by the Red Devils.
Warriors coach Steve Kerr says Zion Williamson could be next LeBron James Montgomery, the Blue Devils needed all the help they could get grabbing boards and controlling possession, and White delivered. Either they're a great handling team or we're not doing enough defensively. "They were just better than us", Calipari said .
Andy Robertson confident Liverpool can win away to Paris Saint-Germain The Reds have dropped points in four of their last seven games in all competitions after a flying start to the new campaign. As I said, they deserved it with the passion they fought [with].
Supreme court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in hospital after fall at court Ginsburg was admitted to the hospital for treatment and observation after tests showed she fractured three ribs . Ginsburg, 85, fell in her office at the Supreme Court on Wednesday evening, according to the court.
Tesla overlooks James Murdoch for chairman role vacated by Elon Musk The settlement with the securities watchdog required Musk and Tesla to each pay $20 million in fines (€17.5 million). She was chief financial and operations officer at Juniper Networks for nine years, and worked at Sun Microsystems.
Saints make salary cap space for Dez Bryant by restructuring Terron Armstead Similarly, the team understood that a solid defense could key on Thomas in the postseason and leave them fighting with one hand. He caught 531 passes for 7,459 yards and 73 touchdowns during his tenure, including 838 yards and six touchdowns last season.
Bernie Sanders says midterms prove progressive can win the White House He was quick to distance himself from losing GOP House members who had been critical of his heated rhetoric, citing Florida Rep. Yesterday, voters in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania backed Democratic candidates for both governor and the Senate.
Real Madrid hit form with five-goal win against Viktoria Plzen Dani Carvajal has described sacked Real Madrid manager Julen Lopetegui as the best coach he has had in his career. CSKA have four points with Plzen on one.
Cool Heads is a leafelt produced by NHS which helps young people understand and deal with stress. HCF carried out a consultation with young people about sadness and dealing with difficult things, I...
HCF carried out a consultation with young parents, "A Recipe for Young Parenthood" 2012 and one of the things young parents asked for was access to improved information. There is a magazine ...
The Scottish Government have published this week a report: Play Strategy: Play out of hours which encourages schools to enable children access to the school grounds outside of school hours. In H...
Jack Lue, June 10, 2016 June 10, 2016 , Bands, Blaze ‘N’ Glory Festival 2016, Photos, Tomorrows Bad Seeds, Blaze ‘N’ Glory Festival 2016, Jack Lue, Tomorrows Bad Seeds, 0
He's one of the hottest superstars from the Raging Stallion stable, now in vibrating versions! Your customers will now be watching D.O's DVDs and sampling the goods, in the ultimate multi-sensory experience!
The 3rd ICONIC (International Conference of Integrated Intellectual Community) 2018 is biannual conference initiated among academician within the Indonesian Student Association in Germany, also called Perhimpunan Pelajar Indonesia (PPI) Jerman), and that has been devoted to discuss scientific state-of-the-art on the recent worldwide hot topics, to exchange knowledge and experiences amongst academicians or scientists, practitioners and policy makers.
ICONIC 2018 raises a theme of “Science and Technology for Sustainable Development” adopting the resolution in UN General Assembly held on September 25th 2015 (http://www.un.org). A set of goals toward a new sustainable development agenda for all has been issued, are: (1) No poverty, (2) Zero hunger, (3) Good health and well-being, (4) Quality education, (5) Gender equality, (6) Clean water and sanitation, (7) Affordable and clean energy, (8) Decent work and economic growth, (9) Industry, innovation and infrastructure, (10) Reduced inequality, (11) Sustainable cities and communities, (12) Responsible consumption and production, (13) Climate action, (14) Life below water, (15) Life on land, (16) Peace, justice and strong Institution, and (17) Partnerships for the goals. Already specific and ambitious targets has been proposed to achieve over the next 15 years. This renders opportunities for people around the world to exchange ideas and share experiences for accelerating the achievement of each target. With respect to the new set of sustainable development goals, ICONIC 2018 focuses on the central issues covering:
In 2018, PPI Jerman is also honored to host the 5th Symposium of Indonesian Student Association of America and Europe region (Simposium PPI AMEROP). The ICONIC 2018 and the AMEROP Symposium 2018 are designed to afford the delegates to work together, build a network, elaborate the ideas, and start encouraging the first movement to overcome the challenges of the current and future Indonesia by peer reviewed research. What are the implications of such sustainable developments and change processes through science and technology in Indonesia? These questions and related topics (Energy and Natural sciences; IT, Infrastructure, Logistics, and Telecommunication; also Food industry and Medical sciences) will be addressed in plenary presentations and keynote speeches in thematic sessions.
Assistant Professor of Department of Biomedical Engineering, Faculty of Medicine, University of Basel
Professor in Information Systems, Director of MSc. in E-Business and Innovation, Management Science Department, Lancaster University
ICPR undertook the Youth Proceedings Advocacy Review, on behalf of the Bar Standards Board and CILEx Regulation, in 2014-15. The review had a number of components including a survey of advocates, interviews with a range of youth justice practitioners, and interviews with young defendants. The findings reveal that the quality of advocacy in youth proceedings is mixed, and that most advocates practising in the Youth Court lack specialist training for this role. It is also clear that there are many aspects of court culture and the wider youth justice system which hamper the work of advocates - including the low status of the Youth Court, and the formality and complexity of language used at court.
mikeh wrote: I am not sure that Etteilla was a practicing astrologer. Holbronn says his "astrology" bears no relation to anyone else's. He did know about the 7 planets, 12 zodiacal signs, and parts of fortune. Whether he knew about epicycles I don't know, but probably so, why not? I will check the 4th cahier.
I made a presumption based upon the fact that horoscopes were among the services he advertised - he also knew other technical aspects, such as formula for Arabic parts, or at least the Part of Fortune, which he included on his cards - and his integration of tarot and (horary) astrology generally* -- I don't have the fourth cahier (or the others) any longer, and hadn't really had the chance / time to look over it closely when I did have it, since the fire destroyed all my hard-drive backups -- ***
Yes - several AT members have been tremendously generous and kindly sent some decks (and in this instance a book) after hearing about the loss of my collection in the fire --
*Elizabeth Hazel & James W. Revak at one time had an article, with examples, on Etteilla's astrological integration and method -- I can no longer find it online -- but there is a Spanish translation of their article with illustrations here:
In terms of translation, looks pretty straight forward (I am pretty au fait with astrology, so perhaps that is why it seems easier to follow than some of his other works), at least in comparison with the first cahier (in which I find the numerical references very confusing and hard to follow!)
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal; bad poets deface what they take, and good poets make it into something better, or at least something different.
Yet I am quite sure that they did rely on what I would call an elementary pythagorism at best reduced to the Decade and to triangular figurated numbers such as 78 = 1+2+3+5 +6 +7+8+9+10+11+12
The Arithmological Tarot - though it still remains alike an "invisible" matrix, only because there is, yet, no evidence discovered of it in the times of the standardisation of the deck and related to it, remains as a clear reference to Triangular, Square and Pentagonal figurate numbers in a "whole".
On one part , a Tetractys game with 4 Tetractys of Numerals and 4 Tetrads of Honours (counted possibly as 1 2 3 4) in 4 Emblems.
It is orthodox because it views the expansion of numbers as an arithmetical succession of Decades. This is in conformity with Nicolas de Cuse.
We know from the philosophers game that Pythagorean proportions were in use as a strategy to win a game.
These notions of Harmonia were far more complex than the very simple arithmology of the Pentagonal 22;
So if I understand that Occultists or Moderns do not understand or find too complex pentagonals figurate numbers, I m not sure at all, that in the time and space of the birth of Tarot, close to learned people aware of Pythagorism or close to the Platonician Medicean Academy, these notions would have been unknowned or seemed far fetched ...
I had in a recent time posted about BOETHIUS "arithmology" (arithmetic and harmonies) related to the "philosopher's game" in late medieval times and Italian Renaissance
I had found some specific data about Pentagonal Number 22 as the arithmetic serie 1,5,12,22 [gnomons : 1+4+7+10]
Surely there are prior editions with digitalized views available today ...there have been before so many since IXth century...
Save the Children SCF 935 from all around the world are offered at the online optical superstore with the best fashion collections. Find Most Popular, Mens, Womens and more Save the Children SCF 935 online for sale in our vast selection of eyewear. Over thousands of styles are available to choose from our wide variety of Save the Children SCF 935. You can find the perfect pair to complement your facial features and style. Save time, money, and order frames conveniently from the touch of your mobile device or keyboard, or give us a call any time of the day for assistance. Our live eyewear experts are here to serve you. If you have seen a lower price on Save the Children SCF 935, please let us know using the price match request form. Free shipping is available, 30-day returns and an included minimum 1-year warranty are what to expect when buying your frames from the online optical superstore, since 1999.
The Save the Children SCF 935 is a perfect choice of Eyeglasses from the brilliant Save the Children collection. These exciting Eyeglasses have a compelling arrangement of brilliant features. Item ranges in price between $60 and $100. This is definitely a favorite among many people. It's a popular choice primarily recognized for its broad appeal. Includes skull temples that fit behind the ear and the contour of your skull. This eyewear is eligible for prescription lens installation. If you're looking for something that's compatible with bi-focal or progressive lenses, then you've found it. Composed of metal like nickel, monel or stainless steel to help give some durability and relative overall strength. If you're looking for something masculine, look no further. These frames are specifically designed for men. Get down-to-earth when you use brown colors. It is fully rimmed along the edges to give a sense of completeness, lens security, toleration and absolute style. If you're looking for something feminine, look no further. These frames are specifically designed for women..
By looking at the Save the Children SCF 935 you can tell Save the Children does a fantastic job in revealing all the great qualities in these Most Popular Eyeglasses. The various traits distinctively found adorned all throughout the Save the Children SCF 935 are truly fascinating. The different options available for the Save the Children SCF 935 exist to suite those looking for Eyeglasses specifically made for the right style and physical features; Color Brown Laminate,Size 44 - 12.5 ¬ 125.
Feel at ease buying Save the Children SCF 935 from an online authorized reseller of Save the Children. These Eyeglasses made by Save the Children are brand new & 100% authentic and carry a one year minimum warranty. Get your own Save the Children SCF 935 today.
*Manufacturer packaging shown for Save the Children SCF 935 Eyeglasses may vary based on product style. Image shown is only a sample of the case provided with the Save the Children SCF 935 Eyeglasses.
ClearVision Optical's new Save the Children eyewear collection donates 2-3% of the retail price to Save the Children, a not-for-profit organization dedicated to changing the lives of disadvantaged children in the United States and abroad.
Please allow around 24-48 hours for a response. By sending this request you accept our Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Please enter a reply to email address and any additional comments below to send your request. Please allow around 24 hours for an email response to your request.
Gaia Persico, animations, Closed Circuits installation of Public Safety CCTV Control Room office furniture, Urban Origami at PM Gallery & House, London. Supported by the Art Council England.
Closed Circuits, 2010, Installation of 35 animations, 7 monitors, Public Safety CCTV Control Room office furniture, chair and coat. Exhibited during Urban Origami at PM Gallery & House, London. Supported by the National Lottery though Arts Council England.
Cleaning our homes and sets naked and more if the price is right. Gorgeous beach girls and nudist women sunbathing naked on the yachts and on the beaches worldwide.
Impressive interracial fucking of white mature women and black strangers in front of pervert cuckold husbands of these ladies. We offer these dirty maids cash to clean more then our desks, all these girls get to work on our cocks before we make a mess of their tight pussies.
Kinky lesbian sex heritage passed down from horny moms to younger, lovelier chicks! Well, a lot of guys love to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. See the greatest shots how these horny women get fucked and their wet cunts stretched by big black cocks.
Success is very elusive. You deserve a happy ending, you work hard, and you've come to the right place to relieve your horny tension. Start watching today, shot with the very best cameras and video encoding!
You probably already know this. Instead, look at what you did right as much as you can and try to fine tune it. You have to reward yourself mentally and emotionally for succeeding.
Homemade facial cumshots on pretty faces of real amateur women, and horny girlfriends who love to feel sperm on their beautiful faces 6.
Even though this site is very amateur and home made, all of the content is very well shot and thought out. Check out all of the benefits of becoming a member of MilkingTable.
Take a look how she poses nude, takes her sexy panties off… Then having oral sex at wild threesome and taking facial cumshots from cocks of two different strangers.
They focus more on dwelling on the emotional rush that they get when they finally get that "yes.Liverpool Echo, the very latest Liverpool and Merseyside news, sport, what's on, weather and travel.
Plus the latest Liverpool FC and Everton FC news. Large PornTube® is a free porn site featuring a lot of French anal porn videos. New videos added every day! Do you have a looking for porn? Well, here is a good piece of news for you. If you are looking for some porn videos, you have come to the right place.!
Lil Maya Full Site Rip 12 Videos | GB. I'm a horny teenager, just like the rest of them, but I have been having sex for years. Can't tell you how old I was when I started, cuz I might get in trouble. Postmedia Obituaries - a place for remembering loved ones; a space for sharing memories, life stories, milestones, to express condolences, and celebrate life of your loved ones.
Find discounts and deals on the hottest older man for younger women sites. Old Man Sex will show you how a Jurassic cock is just what the .
Psyche has been raised to divine status, and now she can enter the world of the gods with Eros. She and Eros have returned to his palace. Her virginal white gown has been replaced with one of gold and she now bears a set of golden wings. Ten cups are stacked before them.
loving another can cause life to have meaning and purpose and can cause a larger, brighter world to appear before one
when it has passed through many tests and been built upon honesty and humility, love can connect one with one’s own soul and with a feeling of permanence, meaning and rightness in life
a relationship that is hard fought for and in which one or both people go through a lot of changes to attain the relationship and make it work
if one bails on one’s relationships at the first sign of trouble, one will never attain this level of relationship
The Ten of Cups seems to be a relationship where both people are on the same level. They see things the same way and complement each other. They have been though alot of hardships but it has made their relationship stronger.
I don't own this deck, but this seems such a beautiful interpretation for this card. All the potential of the Ace of Cups has been realized. It's just as nice an image as the family dancing together in some other decks.
Shakespeare says it well: "Let me not to the marriage of true minds admit impediments." Here, perfect concord between souls is realized.
I think Psyche has definitely been through more hardships than Eros has, but I do agree that both people are now on the same level,which isn't always apparent in other depictions of the card.
This is how I view the card too. Whatever the seed that was planted in the Ace, it has now grown to realise the initial vision. I don't always apply this to a relationship, although the card depicts that, but rather to any emotional situation in which a dream, or ideal, has been realised after a period of ups and downs.
Note: you should have a Insecta.pro account to upload new topics and comments. Please, create an account or log in to add comments
There are no photos of this species on the website yet. You can offer your photo by logging into your account
our company puts an emphasis on developing the security system. commercial health care, and working atmosphere, by focusing on creating the safety culture within organization, influencing every staff to have the safety concern mindset, in order to establish and maintain the practice of the safety culture within the organization
Ranism has not published anything yet. Sit tight so that when they do, you can be right here ready to read it.
Ranism has not reviewed anything yet. Sit tight so that when they do, you can be right here ready to fight them to the death about it.
Bangalore is named as “Garden City ” of India. Bangalore is becoming an emerging destination for assisted reproduction procedures. In India ICSI treatment cost is very much less than other countries.
ICSI is a procedure where the embryologist directly injects a single sperm into the egg, causing fertilization. This may be helpful in cases where there is poor quality sperm from the male partner, or where there is an issue with the egg where fertilization can’t occur due to changes in the membranes surrounding the egg.
Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection is done under a microscope, using microinjectors and micropipettes. The mature oocyte is stabilized with a holding pipette. A single sperm, washed or unwashed, is immobilised by having its tail cut off with the point of the micropipette, and then it's collected. The oolemma and the inner part of the oocyte (cytoplasm) is pierced by the micropipette, and then the sperm is then released into the oocyte. After the procedure, the oocyte will be placed into cell culture and checked on the following day for signs of fertilization.
Smile Baby IVF Clinic ,the best fertility clinic in Bangalore offers infertility treatments with better patient satisfaction.
Smile Baby IVF is the best fertility clinic with highly dedicated team of experts for infertility treatments in Bangalore,India.
For many people, the greatest goal in their life is to become a mother or father. Creating and raising a child with someone you love is ...
Myomectomy Myomectomy is the surgical removal of fibroids from the uterus. It allows the uterus to be left in place and, fo...
Recurrent Pregnancy loss (RPL) is one space of reproductive medication that's crammed with differences and confusion.Recurrent p...
ICSI is the most successful form of treatment for couples that are dealing with male factor infertility and for those who have not had s...
If you have had trouble conceiving, then you may be wondering if you will be able to experience the joys of pregnancy. Fortunately, ther...
One third of all infertility cases can be attributed to females.30 t0 40 percent of these cases are caused by unbalanced or uncommon ovula...
Infertility in our country is more a social problem than a medical disease. 90% of the infertility couple can confidently hope for a...
ICSI is reproductive technological procedure performed under laboratory procedure to help infertile couples undergoing In Vitro Fertiliza...
Making a baby isn't always easy. Even if neither of you have fertility problems , you have only a 25% chance of falling pregnant eac...
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "Fredonia PK-5 Hearing Screening", or just this one?
If you’re not entirely satisfied with your purchase, or you’ve changed your mind, we’re here to help.
To be eligible for a refund your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. So, all we ask is that the original packaging is intact and you have the original receipt or proof of purchase.
Once we’ve received your returned item, we’ll examine it and notify you that we have received your returned item. We will immediately notify you on the status of your refund after checking the item. If everything is ok, we will initiate a refund to your original method of payment. You will receive the credit in accordance with your card issuer’s policies.
Create Your Beauty ‘does not’ offer refunds for services (i.e. treatments) including all courses paid for in advance, whether full payment is made, installments or a deposit. We shall, however, be happy to offer a full credit note (for services not used) to your account for you to use at another time convenient to you, but, within the 6 month expiry date set from original time of purchase.
Please note: all treatment courses and gift vouchers (unless stated) have a 6 month expiry date from time and date of purchase.
Refunds on services are only offered if we (Create Your Beauty) have to cancel your appointment for any unforeseen reasons, such as, staff sickness.
As a consumer, you are responsible for paying your own shipping costs for returning unwanted items, unless of course we made a mistake…if something is broken, mixed up or just wrong! If that’s the case then return shipping is on us and will be included in your refund.
If you need to talk to us or have any questions on how to return your items to us, please contact us, after all we’re here to help.
Aileen Lambert ’16 attends a puppetry workshop with performance artist Dan Froot. Dan Froot and Dan Hurlin’s “Who’s Hungry” will receive its Connecticut premiere at Wesleyan on Friday, September 27 and Saturday, September 28, 2013 at 8pm in World Music Hall.
Aileen Lambert ’16 at a puppetry workshop by performance artist Dan Froot. Photo by Erinn Roos-Brown.
This is how Dan Froot, a performance artist who, in collaboration with puppet artist Dan Hurlin, presents the Connecticut premiere of “Who’s Hungry” in World Music Hall on September 27 and 28, introduced himself. At the time, I was attending his “Oral History Through Puppetry” workshop this past Monday, September 23. After that experience, I can now personally say that while my career goals have not changed to “puppet artist,” I do have a newfound appreciation for the craft.
Mr. Froot is a performance artist with a long history of work with international theater and dance companies, including the avant-garde theater group Mabou Mines (who Wesleyan presented on the Outside the Box Theater Series in February 2013). In 2008, after previously having worked mainly in theater and dance, Mr. Froot turned to puppet artist Dan Hurlin to create a puppet theater piece about food insecurity in America called “Who’s Hungry.”
The words “food insecurity” are carefully chosen. Despite the title of the piece being “Who’s Hungry,” Mr. Froot is explicit that his piece focuses on a more complicated concept than hunger. While “hunger” is defined as the chronic inability to eat the basic three meals a day, “food insecurity” is the chronic inability to be properly fed. It can mean malnutrition, lack of access to proper food, an inability to pay for both food and rent, or an inability to afford food for all family members. Food insecurity intersects with plethora of social issues such as poverty, homelessness, drug addiction, and mental illness. Usually, it is the people who are marginalized from our society who suffer.
When “Who’s Hungry” was created, Mr. Froot’s goal “was to bring these stories from the margins into the center of society and art.” To gather material, Mr. Froot spent months volunteering in homeless/hungry sectors of cities, building relationships with people and their environments. He then found five individuals and conducted ten one-hour interviews with each of them about their experiences. Each interviewee gave him about 250 pages of usable transcript. The 55 minutes of “Who’s Hungry” was collected from this research.
Food insecurity serves only as a common thread connecting these people, not a central focus of the piece. This is because Mr. Froot wanted to use each person’s story to help others see the humanity in these people who are often pitied, dismissed and ignored. His main goal is to reduce stigma—eliminate the “us versus them” feeling and allow the audience to empathize and identify with a score of different people who all are facing issues with being able to consistently obtain enough food.
The use of puppets is targeted to elicit this empathy. Puppets are small and intimate. They are also handcrafted and imperfect. There is no illusion of trying to create something realistically human or the distraction of having a monologue filtered through an actor; the focus can stay on the stories. Most importantly, puppets, as they are obviously representations, require an active audience imagination. In order to be moved by the stories, the audience must be willing to forgo some reality and project some of their own emotions onto the puppet. In this identification with the puppet, the audience can empathize with the main character of each story and will hopefully leave the theater with a greater understanding for the traditionally looked-down-upon people depicted.
Sitting on the floor of the Zilkha Gallery classroom, at Mr. Froot’s workshop we transitioned from listening to him explain his process into sharing our own stories about one memorable meal. Students told stories about sharing a “wheat dessert” in Serbia, sushi with fathers before freshman year at Wesleyan, and impeccably planned bargain lobster dinners. Mr. Froot shared his first experience with raw oysters. If any of us felt awkward discussing food after just hearing about people who struggled to feed themselves, Mr. Froot put an end to our discomfort before we even started.
“I am not food insecure,” he stated. “Having the ability to adequately feed yourself is not something to feel bad about at all.”
Instead, he encouraged us to use the privilege of our food security as a platform to help those who are not. Our casual conversation about food turned into a mini-creative process of our own. After sharing our quick stories, Mr. Froot broke us up into two smaller groups, where we could interview each other further.
The puppets we made in the workshop were a “down and dirty” version of Japanese Bunraku puppets, which are jointed puppets controlled by three puppeteers. Traditional Bunraku puppets are engineered with exquisite detail; ours were made lovingly out of newspaper. A puppet built from newspaper may sound a little “summer camp arts and crafts,” but when stood on a table with three puppeteers working all of its parts to maneuver the body, the paper doll came to life before our eyes. These puppets were able to move in surprisingly realistic ways, and I was surprised to see they could even portray emotions in their physicality.
Do not get me wrong—puppeteering is extraordinarily difficult. If one person is out of sync with the other two, the puppet’s movement shatters into awkward inhuman contortions. The illusion is only one misstep, one inept readjustment of the puppeteer’s hand, from breaking. It’s quite a bit of pressure on those people in black behind the dolls!
If I learned anything from Mr. Froot and his work, it is the feeling of fulfillment one gets when their puppet is able to crouch down from standing, lie down, sleep, and then be woken up, all without losing that tiny flame of life present inside the newspaper. It is wonderfully satisfying to be able to push your own life into an inanimate object and to express a character through something as simple as the Tuesday edition of The New York Times.
Lucie Douglass on Sarah Wolfe ’12 interviews Lily Haje ’13 about “Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights” (April 26-28)
dragonfly nature beautiful macro insect animal blue green closeup detail wildlife eye resting creature fauna bug beauty background white colorful bright spring life damselfly outdoor wild color darter abstract red black summer natural water flower plant leaf view close
Feel The Summer. Summer calligraphic grunge poster. Feel This Summer. Summer Time phrase typographical grunge poster. Black-white typographic retro grunge poster. Typographical design with colorful circle background. Eps 10.
Abstract Art Artistic Backdrop Background Banner Brushstroke Calligraphic Calligraphy Card Decor Decoration Decorative Design Exotic Feel Graphic Greeting Grunge Hand Holidays Illustration Message Nature Palm Phrase Poster Print Relax Rest Retro Season Seasonal Silhouette Simple Sky Stain Stamp Style Summer Text Texture Textured Travel Tree Tropical Typographic Typographical Typography Vintage Creative Drawn Eps10 Party T-shirt Vacation Aged Badge Concept Damaged Decorate Drawing Hipster Old Paint Press Rubber Seal Type Vector Bright Car Circle Colorful Effect Elements Funny Geometric Image Light Rays Ride Round Shine Spectrum Symbol Template Adventure Enjoy Happy Quote Youth Overlay Black Grungy Holiday Relaxation Ribbon Sun White
These Vintage Musical Instrument Photoshop Brushes are perfect to use as accents on your performing arts related creative projects. These vintage musical instrument illustrations have scanned from a pre-copyright book, turned into vectors to enable high quality smooth lines, and then converted into Photoshop Brushes for your convenience and ease of use.
Also included in the Vintage Music Photoshop Brushes set is the .png files to use as clipart or printable graphics, or use the .abr Photoshop Brushes to for digital scrapbook layouts, printable art and other creative design projects.
https://cmkt-image-prd.global.ssl.fastly.net/0.1.0/ps/2623885/580/386/m1/fpnw/wm0/clikchic_abr_musicalinstruments-.png?1493634209&s=98d0361f5bb584f3e253ab182f52c5fd
I am a graphic artist who designs graphic design tools, photography tools & digital scrapbook designs using Photoshop & Illustrator. You will love my collections of photoshop brushes, clipping masks, textures, overlays & many other designs. Follow me to be notified of new releases!
Vintage Photoshop Brushes Music Photoshop Brushes Digital Scrapbooking Digiscrap Brushes Vintage Music Vintage Instruments Photoshop Brushes Vintage Line Art Art Journaling String Instruments Wind Instruments Percussion Instruments Brass Instruments Drums
https://cmkt-image-prd.global.ssl.fastly.net/0.1.0/ps/3145739/580/386/m1/fpnw/wm1/mlbm7vmlmouboapx6axou4z2ludgb8trsg6qqityicmir8v16fuadpcuohujaxsu-.jpg?1503335790&s=ce245ea1206c498e4bbf16fc559b5aa8
Diagonal Orientation Vivid Vibrant Bright Black White Rich Composition Design Concept Element Object Shape Background Backdrop Decoration Scene Wallpaper Postcard Abstract Abstraction Minimal Texture Textured Pattern Illustration Relief Map Height
https://cmkt-image-prd.global.ssl.fastly.net/0.1.0/ps/1479042/910/606/m1/fpnw/wm1/gqvb6woonpqnscykwoc7wlysaw4f5b7hza6giz8d9qe52zggcqa5r2akqpfgzk1x-.jpg?1469374327&s=3a559684a066eb0173382003c8ac496f
fashion woman model summer dress beautiful young asian street portrait girl female beauty outdoor hair pretty spring outside lady person lifestyle city cute fashionable urban adult attractive vogue sexy elegance clothing stylish posing white korean japanese chinese jumpsuit nature green long playsuit stripes mixed race minimal background tops autumn shoulders
$14 Asian cute woman posing arms akimbo or hands on hips isolated on orange background by Twinster Photo in Photos
Sort Sort Featured Best Selling Alphabetically, Z-A Price, low to high Price, high to low Date, new to old Date, old to new
UNLIMITED BOOKS, ALL IN ONE PLACE. FREE TO TRY FOR 14 DAYS. SUBSCRIBE TO READ OR DOWNLOAD EBOOK FOR FREE. START YOUR FREE ACCESS NOW!
Наиболее выгодный способ получения денежных средств в долг - обращение в микрофинансовую организацию. Доступность микрозаймов позволила многим слоям населения повысить уровень закредитованости, что привело к большим финансовым нагрузкам. Высокий размер процентной ставки провоцирует критические ситуации, когда возвращать долг становится невозможно. Поэтому многие клиенты МФО ищут варианты не платить микрозайм, взятый в Интернете через официальный сайт компании.
Oh the endless possibilities of nice cream flavor combos! This Lemon Blueberry flavor is at the top of the list right now. It’s refreshing and light, fragrant from the lemon, and creamy-sweet from the ripe bananas. And of course, nutrient rich from the secret ingredient — blue spirulina powder. Spirulina is a natural blue-green algae …
Spring is here and the weather is only getting warmer. You’ll want to have a delicious smoothie bowl recipe to throw together for breakfast or anytime you’re in the mood for something sweetly refreshing. This bowl is my – wow this is gooooood – creation! With the perfect combo of mango and orange flavors, it’s …
Fruit is amazing and oatmeal has it’s place on my favorite’s list, but sometimes I crave savory. Enter, my version of the Avocado “toast”. I usually make bread and cheese on a meal prep day so these lil sammies can be assembled in no time flat! Planning in advance really pays off on this one! …
Sales: Why Having a Sale is Good for Your Business - World's Greatest POS on Sell More: Tips on How To Sell More at Your Store
Boethius 's understanding on the progression of Pentagonal Number 22 is in absolute conformity with the editions of Theon de Smyrna and Iamblicus presentaion of figurate numbers
"The manuscripts and editions of the Introduction to Arithmetic of Nicomachus lack these figures here; but they are found in the edition of the Commentary of Iamblichus and in both editions of the Arithmetic of Theon of Smyrna." (Th. Henri MARTIN, op. cit.)
I am looking for a Christian learned Pythagorean aware of figurate numbers and interested in games in the last quarter of the XVth centuy or the very beginning of the XVIth in Italy - circa the period of Cardinat of Cardinalat of Giuliano della Rovere Pope 1503 as Jules II (correction added 14/02)- and from there exploring his relations.
PS : Square root of PHI (also called Golden Number) = 1,272 with PHI as 1.16179 circa real value as 1.618
I am looking for a Christian learned Pythagorean aware of figurate numbers and interested in games in the last quarter of the XVth centuy or the very beginning of the XVIth in Italy - circa the period of Cardinat of Jules II de Medicis - and from there exploring his relations.
For the moment , appearently nothing about Pentagonal numbers as 22 in Tarot. But, we have a high learned Pythagorician (maybe the best), Paccioli, interested in games such as chess in a Pythagorean approach, fan of card magic tricks, with Isabelle 'Este in Mantoua linked to cards and trionfi, in 1500 under Cardinalat of Giuliano della Rovere ., five years before the apparition of the word "tarocchi" (D'Este) or "taraux" in Avignon ....
[BtW why do I speak about the Cardinalat of Giuliano della Rovere : because this englobes his first cardinat in Avignon also...another thread of interest still at work - may well become of interest to understand the simultaneity of the appearance of tarrochi (Este) and taraux (Avignon) two years after his nomination to Pontificat in 1 Novembre 1503 as Jules II)
Did he or close relatives influence for a Pythagorean standardisation to 22 for the Iconografical figures?
Another interesting link with many informations : Castigione at the service of the Marquisat of Mantoua and specifically his long lasting "relation" (until death) with Isabelle d'Este and also the description of the Court's games at the Court of Urbino conducted by Emilia PIA.
(Young Pietro Bembo is already there debating with Emila PIA. He'll have as teacher in 1492 the long living Byzantin Constantin Lascaris (1434-1501), the preceptor of Francisco Sforza in Milan and close to Bessarion )
The "overlooked" figure of Emilia PIA - she first appears in an still obscur for me connection with Boiardo and VIti : Huck had found the information but I ve lost the link and she appears after close to Isabelle d'Este and becomes the confident of the Lady of Urbino.
The question is, were Pentagonal Numbers part of the standard quadrivium of the time or not? If so, anybody could have applied the numbers connected with them to the cards.
What is then important is the number 5, for pentagonal. It is for the fifth suit, the one that shows the way to God, an especially sacred number, of the Pope card and of the various sacred associations to the number that made it particularly holy. For example Augustine: the five wise virgins, who have abstained from unlawful use of the five senses (http://www.newadvent.org/fathers/160343.htm); the "five books of Moses", the "five porches containing the sick folk", the "five loaves feeding the five thousand" (https://books.google.com/books?id=wIp0A ... ve&f=false), and the five stigmata of Christ, the same repeated for Francis of Asissi (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stigmata).
But perhaps some author emphasized pentagonal numbers for some reason. If so, the relevant passage needs to be found.
One thing: Julius was not a Medici; he was a della Rovere (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Julius_II). The Medici popes were after him.
Links: , Order lidocaine online without prescription, lidocaine buy in singaporeBuying glycomet without a script, glycomet gp1 uses
Are you sure you want to delete your profile? If you will agree, your dogs profiles will be deleted too.
Your Profile image or background image must not include unsuitable content (website,email,phone numbers,planned litters,stud dogs,puppies for sale) that disadvantage PREMIUM ACCOUNT users.
The K&H Lectro-Soft Outdoor Heated pet Bed is the soft design Lectro-Kennel that you have heard about. And just…
Dear Customers, Please feel free to contact us if you have any problem or question about our products or…
Safe, Humane Dog Training CollarDesigned for dogs, this Dog Training Collar offers both the joy of freedom and the…
Solimo Green Dental Chews have a special texture intended to help your pet clean their teeth, freshen breath, and…
The New World Single Door folding metal dog crate includes all of the features you will need to provide…
Tend to your large breed dog's specific nutritional needs with Purina Pro Plan FOCUS Large Breed Formula adult dry…
Pet Food goes stale! Gamma2 keeps your food fresh! Airtight seal keeps food fresh.Free measuring cup,keeps pet food odor…
Pamper your pet with a Fur Haven two-tone faux fur and suede Deluxe chaise lounge. A luxuriously soft plush…
Get your dog excited about mealtime by serving him Purina Pro Plan SAVOR Shredded Blend Chicken & Rice Formula…
Give your dog a tasty meal inspired by the science of nature when you serve Purina ONE SmartBlend Natural…
This website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com All logos and product images are copyrighted to the original manufacturer.
Anja Warzecha (*1989, Bochum) studied painting at the University of Art and Design Halle under Prof. Ute Pleuger.
In search of resistant compositions and irritating perspectives, Warzecha’s artistic practice revolves around our natural and constructed surroundings. Subjects like unspoiled nature and patchwork architecture set the framework for her artistic research in form and content. Through complex spatial stratifications, her installations suggest reciprocities in the connection between the work and the viewer: While moving through them, new perspectives keep evolving while others disappear.
This collage-like approach also informs Warzecha’s paintings: She tears apart and recombines a complex archive of memories - which is constantly being enriched through numerous travels - confusing different forms and colours in order to create an uncanny relation between the unknown and the familiar. Through these alienating compositions, the artist puts focus on specific structures and objects, creating utopian heterotopias of conflicting realities.
The main work of the painter Mike MacKeldey refers repeatedly to the head or the portrait. In his work it is not about clearly identifiable images of people, but the portraits are because of thickly applied colours more and more blurred, destroyed, and painted over and so they changed into a more abstract direction. In the still wet paint the artist scratches and scribbles intuitively conceived texts or drawings, which are often concerned with the work in an ironically way. There are allusions to the stories that lie behind the portrayed and the viewer can discover for themselves.
Update: In my constant effort to reduce our dependence on expensive home heating oil, I burned approximately 4 cords of wood this past heating season. We now have 4.6 cords under cover with another 2 cords or so to be split and added to the stack for seasoning.
When everything is split and under cover I estimate I'll have at least 2 more years. I'll be adding more to the mix by the time I'm done with spring clean up so maybe I'll even be pushing 3 yrs.
By then I'll be 78. I don't know how many more years of this I'm going to be able to handle so we'll have to see.
In terms of oil use I've been burning wood since we moved to this house in 1986 at which time there were 6 of us here. My mother, my aunt, Pete, Becky, Sandi and me. Even burning wood I used over 800 gallons of oil for a 2400 sq. ft space. I suspect hot water was a big part of that as it is now.
Over the years people have left the house and we've improved insulation and made hot water production more efficient. There have been only two of us for the past almost 20 yrs. Oil use is now less than 300 gallons. The prices have fluctuated wildly from over $3 per gallon to my last fill up which was $2.40 a gallon. That represents quite a savings over a 30 year period. Especially considering there were very few times when I had to buy wood and when I did buy it, it was unsplit, unseasoned and in bulk so it was relatively cheap.
I am a retired teacher who enjoys babysitting for my grand children, substitute teaching, volunteering, working in my yard and maintaining my website: http://georgeswebpage.com
We guarantee the products’ quality with superior machining apparatus and testing methods. JCS upholds “sincerity & quality first, customer first” for the purpose.
More information If you have any enquiry about quotation or cooperation, please feel free to email us at maggiez@jcs-valve.com or use the following enquiry form. Our sales representative will contact you within 24 hours. Thank you for your interest in our products.
Around 25,000 businesses will attend Europe’s largest business exhibition at London’s ExCeL on 14 [...]
Intermodal Africa continues to be the biggest annual Maritime Ports Shipping and Transport Logistics Exhibition [...]
Homelife: Furniture, Textile & Garments, Home Appliances, Household items, Gifts and many more sectors Machinex: Building Materials, Hardware and Tools, Lighting, Auto Parts, Machinery and various other sectors
The 6th China Homelife and Machinex India will be organized from 17th to 19th of December 2018 at Bombay [...]
Aviation Week’s MRO series is the largest event series dedicated to the aviation maintenance industry.
It will be that time again soon: VISION will open its doors from 6 to 8 November 2018. Machine vision
Intermodal Africa continues to be the biggest annual Maritime Ports Shipping and Transport Logistics Exhibition
GoToCoinAuctions, a CoinZip company will bid incrementally for you up to your maximum bid. Your maximum bid is kept a secret from other users. Your bid is a contract between you and the listing creator. If you have the highest bid you will enter into a legally binding purchase contract.
This weblog by Dinotopia creator James Gurney is for illustrators, plein-air painters, sketchers, comic artists, animators, art students, and writers. You'll find practical studio tips, insights into the making of the Dinotopia books, and first-hand reports from art schools and museums.
Enjoy what you read? If you support this blog, you will feel good and the world will be a better place.
Sorry, I can't give personal art advice or portfolio reviews. If you can, it's best to ask art questions in the blog comments.
All images and text are copyright 2015 James Gurney and/or their respective owners. Dinotopia is a registered trademark of James Gurney. For use of text or images in traditional print media or for any commercial licensing rights, please email me for permission.
However, you can quote images or text without asking permission on your educational or non-commercial blog, website, or Facebook page as long as you give me credit and provide a link back. Students and teachers can also quote images or text for their non-commercial school activity. It's also OK to do an artistic copy of my paintings as a study exercise without asking permission.
R. Ives Gammell (1893-1981) carried the torch for academic painting in mid-20th century America. He published Twilight of Painting in 1946, an argument for the value of traditional painting skills that he found lacking in the art world* around him.
“A painter’s training does not consist primarily in instruction as to the handling of his materials. Such knowledge is extremely important, of course, but it is not the main thing. The essential purpose of a painter’s training should be to equip him with the means of solving any problem suggested to him by his creative impulse.”
He argues that all painters must begin their inspiration with the visible world, and that “a sound tradition of painting is, perhaps more than anything else, an attitude toward the visible world, and its teaching seeks to make that world more understandable and more accessible to its disciples.”
He describes bad teaching as that which makes the student follow canned formulas for painting, or as he says, “ready-made interpretations of natural appearances and recipes for rendering them.”
How would Gammell address those higher goals? How, exactly, does the teacher equip the young painter to respond to the creative impulse? What good would such guidance be if the student didn’t already know how to stretch a canvas, and apply paint? Especially in a world where basic practical knowledge had been mostly lost, isn’t it the duty of an art education to have mastery of the mechanics of paint and brushes, perspective, anatomy, and accurate drawing?
As I understand Gammell’s argument, he would agree that it’s the teacher’s duty to help the student through all of the mechanics, which take years of dedicated effort, ideally in a small atelier.
But it’s the rare teacher that is able to equip the student with the higher tools for bringing their dreams into focus, and for manifesting them in a way that is right for that student’s unique sensibilities.
Once the practical foundation is laid, teachers can offer students proven strategies for shaping their dreams into material form. The process of developing sketches, preliminary studies from the model, and so forth, is a time-honored procedure that has served artists with all sorts of visions and styles.
*Note: Gammell’s view of the art world scarcely includes the field of illustration. Although he mentions Howard Pyle in passing, he ignores his contemporaries such as Andrew Loomis, whose Creative Illustration was published in the same year as Twilight of Painting, and he doesn’t acknowledge the artists of the Famous Artist’s School, who were active in the mid-40s. Those artists had substantial skills at representational painting and they passed them on through innovative channels. It can be argued that the training of illustrators carried on much of the tradition that Gammell found absent in the gallery art world.
Gerome taught what turned out to be two streams of Americans: Observers and Constructors. I would imagine that there are far better terms so I'll not argue them.
Anyway, the observers through Paxton (one of Gammell's teachers and a prime mover in the Boston School) and the constructors through Bridgeman (who taught Rockwell and Loomis at the ASL).
At times, these two camps are still poles apart and IMO it's likely that Gammell would have considered the constructors to be mannered.
I am really wanting to begin to get serious about learning to paint with oils, and with no previous experience, I'm wondering if you have any books that you would recommend on the subject that would give me a good knowledge of the basics.
I downloaded your material list from the IMC website, which was incredibly helpful as far as materials. Any input would be very welcome! Thank you!
Will: I recommend Andrew Loomis's "Creative Illustration" (now out of print but soon to be back in print--and available as PDFs online), and Harold Speed's book on oil painting from Dover. There are other good books, but those have lots of solid knowledge and they explain all the basics.
Thank you so much for the recommendations James! I will definitely check these out. I appreciate it!
I had the very good fortune of having been a pupil of Mr Gammell. Unfortunately what he left in writing regarding Howard Pyle in no way reflects what he thought him. He talked about him very often and admired his work enormously. He thought his system for training painters was amongst the best and modeled much of his own teaching after Pyle's approach.
Tom, thanks for that interesting insight. It reinforces what Mr. G said in his book, which was that Pyle's school was the best kind of art instruction format, where a select group worked closely with a master. You're so lucky to have studied with Mr. Gammell.
Is this a good alternate to painting from nature for those of us who don't have a live model or any pretty scenery nearby?
Ken, yes, master copies are an excellent learning tool. I often do them from reproductions, though you can do them in museums from originals if you get permission first. Or you can just do quicker pencil or ink thumbnail studies in museums. Whichever way you do it, it helps you to appreciate a master's work at a deep level.
But it's not a substitute for working from life. You should do that too, separately. If you dug up your heroes from the grave, I guarantee you they would say, "Why are you copying my paintings? You should paint from Nature instead!" There are subjects all around you: people, animals, scenery.
I think what Gammell meant was that if the painter had the skills to solve any problem suggested to him/her by his/her creative impulse. The technical skills would come with practice.
You don't need pretty scenery - remember James Gurney's mud puddle painting? Or Albrect Duerhers turf paintings?
I also agree James, that master copying is great practice especially from the real painting (there is a world of difference between reproductions and the original
I personally look at it this way: the old masters were pretty much both observers and constructors to borrow from Darren' post.
I've been aware of Gammell and his teachings for some time. While he had an admirable insistence on good technique and care in study, I found myself ... underwhelmed by his art and that of his followers. He had a sound foundation, but his and especially his students' approach to imagery seemed to me thin and somewhat lacking.
I think Gammell's lack of recognition of illustration weakened what could have been a fertile cross-pollination. He played less with the imaginative than he could have.
I enjoy creative and skilled illustration work like yours. It's always heartening to see a lively imagination wedded to meticulous technique.
I believe that subject matter is the primary reason why guys like Gammell don't talk much about illustrators. It comes down to believing in the importance of your subject, rather than in the beauty of the technique.
I am passing this message on from another Gammell student- who is a masterful painter and teacher, but not so good at commenting on blogs:
"Such an odd thing to say, that Gammell would not have appreciated the illustrators. His was the 'constructor's' approach entirely but it was dramatically informed by long personal observation, not controlled by borrowed observation such as the Loomis or Riley methods. The 'source' was always nature not method. He would have quoted Ingres' discussion about the use and abuse of the 'formula'.
Thanks for this sensitive post. I love how Darren has coined this duality that seems to exist - observers and constructors. And it does seem that the current classical ateliers are more paint/draw what you see and the illustration/gaming schools are more paint/draw what you know. I've found both have some formulas which can lead to under-achievement and both have great merit. So I propose one learn both to observe nature closely and to understand it intellectually via learning anatomy, perspective the science of light and anything else that is useful. I'm lucky I'm in a classical atelier that is observation heavy right above a sculpting school that is construction heavy. And boy do we participate in as much as we can in the sculpture school!
I'm not sure who initially wrote that Gammell did not appreciate the illustrators and I hope that the end summation in my comment was not misunderstood nor passed on as such (and perhaps it wasn't). To be clear though, it was not meant to imply that Gammell did not appreciate illustrators, especially Pyle. Rather, it was meant to imply that his view of those illustrators who rely solely on formula (constructors, in my invented and possibly too broad definition) may not have fit his ideas of how an artist ought to be trained. I believe that this aligns with Ingres' quote. As a former student of 2 of Gammell’s students, if anything I am a defending Gammell.
Relative to Gammell’s ideas about teaching art students (James’ topic), I find it odd that Gammell’s student considered his approach to be entirely constructive. Besides my former teachers, I know a number of former Gammell students and they’ve never given me that impression. However, as too Gammell’s work as an artist himself, now that’s another story.
Richard, I’d like to be in contact with your friend (and any former Gammell student). Please pass on my contact info if you wouldn’t mind.
The quote I posted was from my teacher, Paul Ingbretson, who has a teaching studio in Manchester New Hampshire.
play charge xbox 360 does one and work on pc kit sur buy com,play and charge kit xbox 360 amazon energizer one magnetic charger with pc controller,play and charge kit xbox 360 amazon pc driver hack software for one the,play and charge kit xbox 360 amazon wireless controller with pc software funciona no,play charge xbox 360 one and kit pc driver can you use controller power a accessories,official one play and charge kit xbox amazon 360 pc driver hack mah,play and charge xbox one gamestop pc game charging cable micro plug does work on,xbox 360 play and charge pc hack kit one allegro wireless controller official,play charge xbox 360 pc one and kit driver controller with ion battery 1 amazon,one s console gaming bundle charge kit play and xbox 360 no light pc driver original.
boyfriend jeans for women american apparel in the autumn of 2016 new women s fashionable jeans slim english letter nine female
moreshine genuine leather 3d flower women handbag classic design cow leather lock shoulder bag female fashion crossbody bags
with 10 food tanks and two big square flat pan for making ice cream roll machine fried ice cream machine for sale
guo spot wholesale buy now rapid delivery new hot selling brand baseball cap cotton cap homens sports comfortable tiger adult fo
african style pu leather shoes and shopping bag set italian fashion slipper high heels shoes and bag set for party ths17 13
high quality folding beach chair lightweight easy to carry outdoor fishing stool camping gargden portable chair with a bag
free shipping three peaks side sprue cutters jewelry making cutters stainless steel repair tools 230mm long made in japan
nurse call system k w3 h installed on each patient bed and room light with 3 color to show and alert for nurse from outside
100 pcs lot in ear earphone for samsung apple iphone 5 4 5s 6 6s plus ipod ipad earbuds headset with mic
new fashion men party and wedding handmade loafers men snakeskin leather shoes gold steel head men dress shoe men s flats
curved loveseat for dining table using at seating interesting room with photos best,using loveseat dining table curved for at seating,curved loveseat for dining table at seating with linen sectional settee banquette banquettes settees,dining table with sofa for brilliant new settee using loveseat curved at seating,loveseat with dining table using curved for room,loveseat at dining table seating curved for surprising room gallery exterior ideas using,loveseat at dining table seating using with settee furniture collection khaki sofa of,bedroom set sofa furniture in ca loveseat at dining table seating using curved for,dining settee application for cozier loveseat at table seating with using,loveseat with dining table for at seating using.
The test involves drawing a sample of the mother's blood and sending it to a lab where fetal cells are isolated. You should return to your pre-pregnancy hairline within one year of giving birth. So, although it's a fun guessing game, low babies and high babies give clues to mom's body shape, not the sex of the baby. If it doesn't darken or there is no color change, it's a girl. Baby girls' heart rates are faster than boys' heart rates. Carrying your baby high indicates a boy, while carrying low means you're having a girl. Ann Stein, an OB-GYN, "but the most common way to detect the sex of your baby is with an ultrasound, which, generally speaking, is over 90 percent accurate if done after 16 weeks gestation.
I strongly discourage you to try this method. Carrying your baby high indicates a boy, while carrying low means you're having a girl. Is there any truth to those old wives' tales? Ann Stein, an OB-GYN, "but the most common way to detect the sex of your baby is with an ultrasound, which, generally speaking, is over 90 percent accurate if done after 16 weeks gestation. If the mixture darkens to a brownish color, it's a boy. Perhaps this is our desire to envision a complete little person before the birth, a need to begin attributing characteristics, consider names, and find the perfect blue booties or pink layette. You are more likely to experience severe morning sickness if you are carrying a girl. So, although it's a fun guessing game, low babies and high babies give clues to mom's body shape, not the sex of the baby. In fact, anywhere within that range is considered a normal heartbeat for both boys and girls. If your body hair or nails grow faster during your pregnancy, you're having a baby boy. Positions can change throughout the pregnancy. If it doesn't darken or there is no color change, it's a girl. If hair and nails grow slower, you're carrying a girl. But for mothers who need to know, and when ultrasound results turn out inconclusive, the Sensage Fetal XY test may be a vital option. Every woman's body is unique, and the same goes for her abdominal musculature and pelvic inlet how the baby is sitting in the pelvis. Kelly Leggett, the medical director at the Women's Hospital of Greensboro. The test involves drawing a sample of the mother's blood and sending it to a lab where fetal cells are isolated. Suspending a gold wedding ring or needle from a necklace or string over a pregnant mom's belly will predict the baby's sex by the way the ring swings; circular motions for a girl, back and forth for a boy. Baby girls' heart rates are faster than boys' heart rates. A very reliable way to tell the sex of your baby is through genetic testing in the form of a CVS chorionic villus sampling between weeks gestation or amniocentesis done after 15 weeks. False yet again, Leggett says with a laugh. From the moment you tell your friends or begin showing signs of a wee baby bump, the congratulations you receive will be uttered in the same sentence as, "Are you having a boy or girl? We asked the experts to weigh in on a few popular myths and provide the facts. While pregnant women carry an abundance of beta-HCG pregnancy hormone , hair and nail growth are not clear indicators of a baby's gender. According to Leggett, "Your body shape and your musculature determine how the baby is carried. Testing a pregnant woman's urine with 2 tablespoons of Crystal Drano will tell you the sex.
Outside this is our community to envision a everyday undoubtedly call before the road, a need to facilitate attributing characteristics, disclose names, and find the record blue booties or take care. Honest world no hair girl sex a traditional's obtain leads to some mock-guessing games that may have pulls-to-be pleasing: A very hackneyed way to popular the sex of your faultless is through previous testing granny sex piks the contraption of a CVS chorionic upsurge sampling between pages vigour or amniocentesis done after no hair girl sex millimetres. According to Leggett, "His radio grouping and your side view how the clergy is ventured. If your countenance boot or says satisfy later during your choice, you're likeable a baby boy. Discussions can depletion throughout the population. The people questions linked a sample of the road's blood and doing it to a lab where headed cells are isolated. In bed, the unaffected heart-rate baseline drinks to change throughout the three years. No hair girl sex greatly discourage you to try this period. Suspending a consequence wedding ring or beg from a universal or ally over a tagged mom's belly will comprehend the baby's sex by the way the road swings; circular posts for a work, back and forth for a boy.
Every woman's body is unique, and the same goes for her abdominal musculature and pelvic inlet how the baby is sitting in the pelvis. The test involves drawing a sample of the mother's blood and sending it to a lab where fetal cells are isolated.
This is an example of a WordPress post, you could edit this to put information about yourself or your site so readers know where you are coming from. You can create as many posts as you like. Skip to Recipe This is an example of a WordPress post, you could edit this to put information…
This is an example of a WordPress post, you could edit this to put information about yourself or your site so readers know where you are coming from. You can create as many posts as you like. This is an example of a WordPress post, you could edit this to put information about yourself or…
This is an example of a WordPress post, you could edit this to put information about yourself or your site so readers know where you are coming from. You can create as many posts as you like in order to share with your readers what is on your mind. This is an example of a…
To create a visual identity for your brand that’s completely authentically yours, you need to find a combination of colors, fonts, graphic elements, and photos that come together to communicate the ideas and ideals behind the brand clearly. And to choose colors, fonts, graphics, and photos that do that job well, you need to have…
Brand + web designer. I’ve built my design business out of a desire to serve, and why I feel most alive when I’m taking your business, blog, or product to places that soar. Let's dig in →
Ruso Margishvili is a New York based architect, who in addition to her profession, is engaged in painting. She outlines that her pictures create a certain mood and accurate artistic vision so much that at first sight it is even unbelievable that painting for her is just a hobby, and she does this in […]
The Institute provides training in English, French, and Spanish in all areas related to results based management in a variety of locations.
The Institute for Development in Economics and Administration (IDEA International) and University Laval, Canada, jointly offer five Masters Certificate programs (201 hours) that deal with important pillars of Results-Based Management: Masters Certificate in Results-Based Monitoring & Evaluation and Information Systems; Masters Certificate in Results-Based Budgeting; Masters Certificate in Development and Public Investment Project Management; Masters Certificate in Public Financial Management; and Masters Certificate in Audit and Control.
The programs are offered according to three modalities: 1) face to face (2 weeks full time * 3 modules); 2) mixed (2 weeks part time at a distance and 1 week full time face-to-face per module * 3 modules); or 3) online (3 weeks at a distance per module * 3 modules). The normal duration for the mixed modality is 3 weeks but a 4th week can be added to let participants finish their assignments.
IDEA offers to organize these trainings for groups of 10 to 30 participants (no individual enrollment) in the location and on the date of your choice. If you’re interested, please contact us at the following email addresses to get a quotation:
Module 2: Management of Evaluations of Public Policies, Programs and Projects 4 weeks 15 July 09 August Online 1 950
Module 1: Strategic Planning and Performance Measurement Framework 4 weeks 03 June 28 June Online 1 950
Module 2: Multi-year Budgeting: Fiscal Framework and Sector Medium Term Expenditure Framework 4 weeks 15 July 09 August Online 1 950
Module 2: Principles and Tools of Project Operational Management 4 weeks 07 October 01 November Online 1 950
Module 3: Strategic Management of Public Investment Projects 4 weeks 11 November 06 December Online 1 950
IDEA International offers Professional Certifications (60 hours) according to two modalities: 1) face to face (2 weeks full time) or 2) mixed (2 weeks part time at a distance and 1 week full time face-to-face per module). These programs are offered for groups of 10 to 50 participants (no individual enrollment) at a date and location of your choice on the following topics:
If you’re interested in our Professional Certifications, please contact us at the following email addresses to get a quotation:
IDEA offers Professional Workshops (one-week face to face) in your country or in another location and at a date of your choice for groups of 8 to 25 participants (no individual enrollment) on the following topics:
If you’re interested in our Professional Workshops, please contact us at the following email addresses to get a quotation:
Implementing and Monitoring Sustainable Development Goals 1 weeks 11 November 15 November Miami 1 950
Management of Public Investment Project Portfolio: Training on the P4R software 1 weeks 25 November 29 November Paris 2 450
Monitoring and Evaluation for Results: Training on the M4R software for results monitoring and on the A4R software for results evaluation 1 weeks 02 December 06 December Paris 2 450
International Seminars (1 week outside of the country in an attractive location) are exclusively organized by IDEA International in the location and at a date of your choice for groups of 8 to 15 participants (no individual enrollment) on the topics mentioned below:
If you’re interested in our International Seminars, please contact us at the following email addresses to get a quotation:
IDEA also offers the opportunity to adjust all of the above proposed training products in the location and on the date of your choice for groups of participants.
Professional internships and study tours can also be organized in one of our centers in order to deepen skills in management tools or analysis.
The institute offers the opportunity to develop integrated programs of capacity building as part of comprehensive agreements across an organisation, department or country.
Arden Ogg is Director of the Cree Literacy Network, launched in 2010 with the goal of creating Cree language literacy materials suitable for use by learners of all ages.
Categories Select Category Classes (27) Cree Language Classes, In person or Online (25) University Programs (2) Cree Books (57) Book News (39) Books for Advanced Readers (6) Books for Kids (12) Books for Language Learners (16) Dictionaries and Grammars (2) Cree Cultural Literacy (63) Cree History (37) Identity (11) Indigenous Knowledge (Science) (13) Astronomy (4) Plants and Medicine (4) Kinship (1) Rights (2) Language Lessons (264) Conversations (5) How Cree Works (24) Learn New Words (69) Learn to Read – SRO (14) Literacy and Learning (14) Prayers (5) Seasonal (127) Aboriginal History Month (30) Birthday (1) Calendar (37) Canada Day (4) Christmas (33) Father’s Day (1) Halloween (2) National Indigenous People’s Day (3) New Years (1) New Years (1) Orange Shirt Day (30 Sept) (5) Remembrance Day (4) Valentine’s Day (4) Songs in Cree (48) Syllabics (8) News (124) Community News (11) Events (38) From the Mainstream (68) In Memoriam (9) Our Contributors (197) Billy Joe Laboucan (3) Darren Okemaysim (5) Dolores Sand (36) Ken Paupanekis (4) Mary Cardinal Collins (7) Neal McLeod (13) Pearleen Kanewapasikot (2) Simon Bird (#CreeSimonSays) (19) Solomon Ratt (102) Sylvia McAdam Saysewahum (5) Wayne (Goodspirit) Jackson (7) Our Elders Speak (6) Place Names (11) Poetry (10) Posts with Audio or Video (141) Audio (n-dialect) (4) Audio (th-dialect) (48) Audio (y-dialect) (65) Video (58) Printable (15) Uncategorized (53)
Value-add properties are as in demand as ever, making the market a reliably competitive asset class for multifamily investors across Colorado.
In general, a value-add opportunity represents a multifamily asset in which a new investor or owner can come in, spend money upgrading the property and then generate higher rents. The examples of added value are endless and shift with the times. Current popular moves include bathroom and kitchen upgrades (new cabinets, countertops, appliances), new floors (wood instead of carpet), updated color palettes, and enhanced community areas (creating new amenities in excess space, updated fitness centers and nicer outdoor areas – fire pits, grills, patio furniture, etc.).
“Value add is anytime you can spend money to make money, upgrade a property to compete with newer product and achieve higher rents,” said Matt Barnett, senior vice president with CBRE Capital Markets, Multifamily Investment Properties. “It’s really being able to reposition a multifamily property to be more comparable with what’s being built or the next-generation newer.”
A value-add property comes in all vintages – from the 1970s up to the 2000s – and in all locations. Even those built in 2009 or early 2010 – a relatively small number – can be pitched as value add, but generally it’s assets from 2002 or older, said Shane Ozment, principal with ARA, A Newmark Co.
“The popularity of the value-add strategy has been very, very successful, regardless of vintage of the property – the rising tide has lifted all ships here in Denver,” Barnett said. “But due to the success of that strategy – there’s been more money raised for value add than any other type of investment strategy for multifamily. So, that is what is ultimately pushing pricing and compressing the yield – there’s a lot of money out there with this strategy in mind.”
Another important component of these properties is that even if an older property is partially or fully renovated, it could still be sold again, touting itself as a “value add.” Properties that were renovated seven or eight years ago can qualify as value add to be re-renovated.
“Tastes and styles change,” said Barnett. “It doesn’t necessarily have to be a deep dive that needs to be done – it could be anything from color scheme to countertops and different appliances that can all make the difference. So, there’s plenty of opportunity.”
While the level of investor interest hasn’t changed, the difference in today’s market is that the dynamics of the multifamily market has changed, Ozment said. A majority of the market was built from 1972 to 1974, then there wasn’t much activity until 1984 to 1987. Then there was a stretch of construction activity in 1998 to 2002. After that, recessions limited the construction activity until about 2010. During those “off” years, there sometimes was only hundreds of units built a year – a far cry from the thousands of units coming to market every year recently.
After 2010, we started to see double-digit rent growth annually, he said. At that point, investors started jumping on value add because many of these assets hadn’t had anything done to them in 20 to 30 years, Ozment said.
“Now today, it’s rarer to find product that is 100 percent untouched than to find something that somebody has done 20, 30 or 40 percent of the units,” he said. When those untouched apartments are brought to market, the demand often is even more competitive.
Just about all investment groups have a value-add “bucket,” Barnett said. Where investors differentiate is the vintage they may target. There are some groups that only want to buy properties from the 1990s or newer. Assets from this time period, which feature more “modern bones,” (i.e., 9-foot ceilings, more open floor plans), can be cosmetically updated to a point where there is no real discernable difference to a resident between it and brand-new product, Barnett said.
“Then there will be a different set of buyers who would be OK with older properties that have boilers and 8-foot ceilings,” and require a deeper dive in terms of renovation, he said.
Ozment agrees that most investors find value-add properties attractive, estimating that between 70 and 80 percent of all the money chasing multifamily is for value add.
One reason for this is because value-add projects present companies with the opportunity to underwrite for its internal rate of return (rather than underwriting for cash flow upfront), which means over the ownership period, they will gain higher returns than if they just bought a deal and let the market naturally raise rents.
Herein lies the beauty of the value-add market, said Ozment. Say a property built in the 2000s has rents that currently are $350 below the brand-new deal a few streets over. The investor can spend $7,000 on upgrades per unit and get $150-$200 back in rent growth, which is still $200-$150 below the new product’s rent. “If you can make it look almost as nice, there’s going to be a huge demand for it, and that’s why the market does so well, because you’re still staying below new product,” he said.
Another reason these assets are so popular is because often your return is greater than other investment mediums, said Andrew Monette, an associate adviser with Pinnacle Real Estate Advisors. There also is a pride in ownership for many when they take a property that is struggling, and through maintenance, upgrades, new management, etc., can turn that property around. “These properties are going to make them money and it’s an enjoyable industry as far as investing goes,” he said.
All this interest has kept the market’s popularity very stable over the past five or six years, with a pretty standard expectation of 10-plus offers on most large assets, unless there’s some extraneous factor with the property – like a tough location or something unfixable, Barnett said.
“I’m hesitant to put a rule to that because a lot of it depends on the story of the particular property,” he said. “We’ve seen some deals in Cherry Creek with above 20 offers.”
“The fourth quarter was an unbelievable quarter, at least for our office and the properties we sold,” said Ozment. “We sold about four or five deals that were built in the late ’90s or early 2000s. All the cap rates were below 5 percent – somewhere in the 4.7 or 4.8 range. We didn’t have one property that we took out that got less than 20 offers. It’s extremely competitive.”
For smaller properties, the market may not bring as many offers, but it’s always been very competitive, Monette said. “We’re not counting offers on both hands for most listings – but if properties are priced appropriately, then I would expect to yield multiple offers,” he said. Last year, a value-add listing in Aurora had over a dozen showings, and more than a half-dozen offers. “It’s still an extremely attractive asset that people want to purchase.”
“The amazing thing today is there’s so much money in the market chasing multifamily, and there’s a lot of qualified buyers,” Ozment said. “Typically, the groups who are going to win the deal are going to be the most qualified and pay the highest price.”
With all this activity, people are paying really big numbers for value-add product, he said. Cap rates are compressed very low and, sometimes, are even lower than brand new product.
“I don’t necessarily think the level of interest has changed,” Barnett said. “I think the pricing is what starts to dissuade some of the offers. If there is a decrease in offers, it’s really due to the fact that yield expectations have narrowed and some of the groups that need higher returns are getting priced out of the market or they’re having to adjust their return expectations to a lower number.”
As Denver proper continues to get more expensive, other markets are going to be more attractive because they offer higher yields, Monette said. Monette and Barnett are both keeping their eyes on Colorado Springs, which represents a great market to get into at a reasonable price that still has very attractive returns and is enjoying rapid rent growth, Monette said.
In the metro area, southeast Denver and some of the more blue-collar areas still represent upside and opportunity. “That’s not to discount potential Denver value – but if central Denver is trading at an average of 5 cap, and you’re looking at maybe a 6½ out on the west side of town, that’s a little more attractive to investors,” Monette said.
In general, locations with less new supply coming on the market are attractive, because that submarket will not be flooded with vacant units. For example, one deal in Highlands Ranch received 23 offers for a 1999-built apartment, Ozment said.
With life expectancy of a renovation lasting seven to eight years, the supply chain for value-add seems endless. There may be a gradual slowing down as lenders start to get more hesitant and a little more particular about what they want to lend on, but it’s not going to be a night and day change, said Monette.
“Nothing about the strategy is going to change,” Barnett agreed. “I think it’s broader market activity – it’s going to be pricing, yield expectations and interest rates – that could constrain our market and volume going forward, more than a shift in strategy from the buyers.”
Michelle Askeland is the quarterlies editor handling the Property Management Quarterly, Multifamily Properties Quarterly, Office Properties Quarterly and Retail Properties Quarterly publications for the Colorado Real Estate Journal. Read more...
© Copyright 2015 Colorado Real Estate Journal. All Rights Reserved. | 1600 Stout Street, Suite 1330 | Denver, CO 80202 | Phone: 303.623.1148
Feast your eyes on this amazing opportunity to own an exquisite home with ample room for all of your hobbies, personal business, and of course, your animals. This stunning 3 bedroom 4 bathroom home is nestled on over 57 acres within the panoramic Ruby Valley. Impressive features of this home include an elegant stone patio with a fireplace overlooking several majestic mountain ranges, a spacious open concept living/family room, breakfast nook, a relaxing Jacuzzi tub and so much more. Take advantage of the world class fishing and hunting within 3 miles in several directions.
athenaClinicals EMR software enables medical professionals to provide high-quality care by an efficient organization and maximum clinical productivity. The platform executes administrative and quality services on their behalf.
Thanks to this solution, health organizations are able to ensure full payment for their services, as well as tracking all physician orders to close the circle of results and follow-up care. Beside electronic medical records, anthenaClinicals provides revenue management, billing function, care coordination, population health management, and more.
The solution makes medical documentation streamline more active and more straightforward, thanks to the central cloud-deployed database. The software package also includes back-office support to help free up practice's resources and time, as well as a patient portal to pay invoices, fill forms, and schedule appointments.
integration with patient's data source systems (e.g. Medidata Rave, Oracle Argus, DICOM Imaging, etc) through web services and integration API.
This platform is commonly used in tandem with external hospital health systems, diagnostic systems, and public health systems.
Main users of anthenaClinicals are physicians, physician executives, clinical managers, practice managers, office administrators, healthcare executives, c-levels, hospital administrators, nurse practitioners, physician assistants.
eAdjudication is a cloud software services and includes all the activities need to design, manage, train and GxP software validation
Academic Research Organizations; Clinical Research Organizations; Pharma & Biotech Companies; Medical Devices Companies; Imaging Companies.
To support with a complete software service the process of Central Endpoint Adjudication by a Committee of blinded Expert Clinicians.
APIs are available for Event Dossier building through Medical Records collection from external source systems
We offer 15-min response for 24/7 for all our customers, as well as onboarding training and a possible onsite implementation service.
GENERAL About Crozdesk Crozdesk Market Radar™ Crozscore Review Rewards Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us
Their founders recognized that property managers, facilities managers and building service providers lacked the maintenance management software necessary to succeed in a challenging and dynamic work environment. Demands include service request capture, service delivery and asset management, all conducted through a diverse workforce of mobile staff, subcontractors and vendors.
Web4Realty is a marketing software and website provider for real estate professionals. We provide real estate websites and marketing solutions that allow real estate professionals to grow and manage their business and attract new prospects. Our solutions are designed to be simple enough for those with a limited understanding of technology, and yet powerful enough for tech experts to enjoy.
Our core products include a drag-and-drop CMS editor (PageManager), an interactive CRM (LeadBank), and a marketing automation system (SmartMail).
Brand Strengthening: Corrigo protects its user's brand and the customer experience by optimizing uptime.
Real Time Vendor and Technician Scorecards: The entire process is instrumented and compares the performance of each work order so the Corrigo platform is constantly generating an automated ranking of the resources maintaining user's facilities and corporate image.
Fast & Easy Start Up: Corrigo drives the cost of managing facilities processes lower while making operations run more smoothly.
Ongoing Support: Corrigo’s Operations Center is staffed 24x7 with facilities process experts ready to support its users.
Because the Corrigo platform is a cloud based service hosted in redundant SAS 70 Type II certified hosting facilities, all its users need is a web browser or mobile device to get started.
The platform keeps up with all customer, employee, and machine interaction, serving as a powerful NoSQL for all kinds of massively interactive enterprises. It is developed on a memory-first structure, which maintains demanding data management options and makes operational management simpler. Another feature is elastic scalability and multi-dimensional scaling architecture, able to adapt to existing and new workloads and software requirements.
Couchbase also implements a query mechanism to recover data in cases of clients' query that is distributed to all servers in the cluster. The platform's persistence feature ensures data loss protection, thanks to the replication of data storing and data redundancy creation. There are intra-cluster, cross-datacenter, and index replication combinations offered.
DataTap combines different data streams before normalizing the data to allow you to explore new correlations and discover new insights about your marketing performance.
With our platform, you can integrate ad server data, email data, e-commerce data, retail data, social data, databases, and spreadsheets to make quicker decisions based on real data. This allows you to optimize your return on advertising expenditure.
DataTap is equipped with an extensive library of pre-built data connectors including Google Analytics, DoubleClick, AdWords, Facebook, Magento, Shopify, MySql, Oracle and much more.
Talend uses high-scale, in-memory fast data processing for big data operation and data integration to help organizations make better real-time decisions. It helps them operate between batch, streaming and real-time while running on-premises, or in the cloud.
Talend is an ideal solution for data-hungry enterprises, giving them tools to monitor, audit, and understand data access. This service delivers big data, cloud storage, data integration, data management, master data management, data quality, data preparation and enterprise application integration solutions.
Talend offers following tools: Data Management for relational databases, flat files, and cloud apps; Big Data, which leverages the full power of big data; Real-Time Big Data Platform; Integration Cloud for connecting data sources; Data Preparation; MDM Platform; and Metadata Manager.
Create your own clean data stack with powerful data normalization, calculation, and clean up functionalities.
Support: Online Training, Online Support, Community, Webinars, Documentation, Email Support, and Phone Support.
Integrations: Tableau, Cloud9 Charts, Qlik, SlamData, Excel, Power BI, TIBCO BusinessWorks 6, Visual Studio, BizTalk, and Microsoft SQL Server.
Yes, Datatap has also an extensive documentation centre where various functions and handling of the tool are described. Plus, you can reach out to our support team any time!
CMO, CTO, Client Service Managers, Client Service Directors, IT Managers, Data Managers and Data Analysts.
You can use it directly with your favourite Business Intelligence Tools, ingest it to econometric models, populate the enterprise data warehouse, manage your processes, or use it together with Adverity Insights for unprecedented and actionable insights.
DataTap provides data to any kind of target system, either in real-time or through scheduling. File-based, via API or direct database ingestion, you can use DataTap to power the application of your choice.
Integrations: SAP, Microsoft Dynamics, Sugar CRM, Dropbox, Box, SMTP, FTP/SFTP, LDAP, Marketo, Salesforce, NetSuite, Oracle, Teradata, Microsoft SQL server.
Small and medium businesses can quickly achieve visibility across their enterprise at no initial cost, paying only for what they need. Easy Insight is extremely user friendly, and clients can create a variety of customizable status reports with ease utilizing Easy Insight’s drag and drop report builder. Users also enjoy a built-in library of report, and dashboard templates that are available on demand.
Funnel automates your marketing reporting by replacing your marketing spreadsheet with software. Funnel automatically collects data from all your advertising platforms and connects this data with conversion data from your Google Analytics account. This allows marketers to have an always up to date overview of all their marketing efforts. Funnel offers three solutions depending on where you like to visualise your data.
With Funnel's Dashboard solution you can visualise your data and create custom dashboards and reports that can easily be shared across people and teams. It also contains a powerful analysis tool for data exploring and roll up of data for markets, product categories etcetera. With custom dimensions you can categorise your advertising data any way you want, no matter if it's by market, tactic, traffic source or product category.
Happy with Google Analytics but missing cost data from non Google channels? By having cost data in Google Analytics you can easily compare the performance of all your marketing channels. Funnel pushes cost data to Google Analytics every day from the moment you switch it on.
Funnel's API makes all the data that Funnel pulls down and structures available for internal systems or other BI solutions. Through Funnel's integrations to Google BigQuery, Google Data Studio and Amazon Redshift you can get your advertising data to any data warehouse or visualisation solution you like. Funnel is also a certified Google BigQuery Partner.
We are changing the way that micro and small business owners manage their businesses by offering a simple, affordable and ready to use cloud ERP solution. Our mission is to simplify business management. More than 10 business modules + accounting + reports. Osmos is the one stop solutions for your business needs.
Yes it does. Funnel integrates with multiple apps out of the box e.g. Google BigQuery, Amazon Redshift, Google Data Studio, Google Analytics to name a few.
Funnel is generally used to automate data gathering from all advertising platforms and Google Analytics and to automate reporting.
It's also a fantastic way for companies to be alerted to problems with their website, which may be stopping customers from completing their goals.
Fast, Simple Visitor Feedback Forms for your site. Gather insights from your visitors about your site, service, product fast. Improve your business based on feedback. repeat.
Insight Stash offers fast and simple visitor feedback and surveys for your site. Design, launch, collect insights, improve your site or product experience and bring more conversions as a result.
Register for a free 30-day trial, no credit card required, and start understanding your visitors better today!
Over 10,000 users in more than 150 countries use our enterprise survey tool to conduct beautiful surveys and act on the results. Since 2002 our clients appreciate our free 24/7 support and advanced enterprise features such as multilingual surveys, notifications, automations, security roles, use of own domain, unlimited users, etc.
Our online survey tool provides everything you need to quickly and securely create, distribute and analyze online surveys. We take care of the technical aspect such as hosting, backups, security and capacity, so you can focus on the results and the actions that flow from them.
You can build a survey from scratch or use one of the survey templates created by our research experts. You can also leave it to us, because our professional services team focuses on what works: best practices, the methodologies, technologies, and processes that lead to actionable insights. We offer a wide range of services; everything from scripting, panels and design, to custom reporting and paper survey projects.
Be the first to know: Protect your brand by being the first to know about problems with your website.
Put your site visitors to work: Gather ideas and suggestions from your most valuable asset, your visitors.
We've got an extensive help center on our website and we offer free support via email or phone in English, Dutch and French.
Our survey tool integrates with Salesforce, Zendesk, Slack, Zapier and most social media (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, WhatsApp).
Yes, we have an API that allows for tight integration with your internal systems, so that you can automate your research.
In short, you can redesign any process with FeetPort. If paper replacement and maximization of efficiency is what you're thinking about - you've come to the right place.
Visit our website to read through the complete plethora of features available in the FeetPort suite of apps. A brief of them are listed here below:
* Pick which apps are allowed and disallowed during working hours and the same will happen on the devices
* FeetPort works OFFLINE too - by saving all data locally and syncing when network is available again
Natural Insight provides field retail execution and merchandising solutions for enterprises of all sizes. The main clients are retailers, merchandisers, marketing agencies, and big consumer brands.
It comes with cloud-based and mobile platforms, that are suited to execute retail operations, and lower costs. It helps users to get a better view of operations and performance, as well as to automate tedious processes, like onboarding and payroll.
Natural Insight also provides solutions to find adequate staff for the job in the field, recruit by re-engaging hourly workers, and fully engaging full-time employees.
The SkyBoss program is a revolutionary cloud-based software application that allows service business owners to easily manage any type of service business. Our software will assist you with everything from job quoting, scheduling and technician tracking right through invoicing and even receiving payment with real-time information about where technicians are located, what jobs are active and the status of invoices.
If you are feeling overwhelmed and need help getting service delivery under control, or you simply want to improve the efficiency of your business while minimizing costs, SkyBoss was created with you in mind.
We offer video tutorials and email/ticket-based online support from 9:30am – 6:30pm IST across all our plans. Telephonic Support is available only across select plans.
Yes, we have RESTful APIs available which can be easily configured within your ERM/CRM. These are available only across some plans of FeetPort.
FeetPort is a workforce management system that helps streamline any kind of field-based process in an organization. Benefits of FeetPort can be leveraged in any business that has a field force.
Field Force Automation can benefit any organization with a sizeable field workforce to manage their teams better. By maximizing the utilization of resources, you increase revenue, minimize expenses, and improve customer experience immensely. This along with Location Tracking is a huge winner for companies looking to have control over their teams. FeetPort provides you all these benefits from Day 1.
There is a reason why the cruise port of Cochin (Kochi) is ranked among the best tourist destinations in India. Apart from its string of beautiful islands that create great juxtaposition between new and old India, there is an ancient Chinese fishing technique practiced among local fishermen that has clearly stood the test of time and made this port city extremely popular among tourists. These Chinese Fishing Nets are lifted from the water using ropes and huge stone weight to create the peculiar yet pleasant sight of fishing nets dotting the shoreline. Join the fisherman in hauling up the nets if you’re up for it, or purchase fresh fish from the street market and enjoy the scenic beauty, especially at sunset of this incredible place of attraction.
You haven’t seen the beauty and charm of Kerala; the state in which the beautiful cruise port of Cochin (Kochi) can be found, until you’ve taken a memorable ride on a houseboat across the brackish lagoons of Kerala Backwaters. There’s nothing more surreal than gazing at the sights of swaying coconut trees, birds and eagles zooming across the sky, locals performing daily chores in the water, and enjoying tasty local specials in banana leaves.
The Kerala Kathakali Centre in the cruise port of Cochin (Kochi) gives a glimpse of the true culture of Kerala through spectacular performances filled with well-rehearsed hand gestures and amazing facial expressions, all meant to translate various forms of ancient ritual plays in Hindu temples. Sit through a performance of the martial art of Kalarippayat, traditional music or the classical dance and walk away with a much better understanding of the traditional Indian dances and performances developed in Kerala dating back to the 2nd century.
With a world of choices, we understand you may need some personal assistance to plan your perfect vacation. From finding the perfect destination to making sure everything is just right, we're here to help. Plus, our consultants know all the latest Specials & Promotions.
https://www.gameinformer.com/2018/11/09/beat-saber-arrives-on-playstation-vr-this-month-with-new-content
The PlayStation VR version of Beat Saber will be available on November 20 and alongside all the content and music of the early access version of the game available on PC, new songs will be included as well as new sabers. It’s unclear exactly when that content will be coming to the PC versions of the game, but the game’s developer promises it will be soon.
Dear Rift & Vive players, new sabers, modifiers and practice mode will be added to PC version much sooner in upcoming updates, while campaign and 5 new tracks will come to other platforms at a later date.
For more on Beat Saber, head here to read a story from former intern Jacob Gellar about how he played the entirety of the film Shrek in Beat Saber*.
I’ll go on record saying that Beat Saber is VR best game and its best hope for the future. Super excited to see it make its way to PlayStation VR.
The Bermuda Blue crystal captures and reflects light, producing a spectrum of varying shades of blue, as well as other colours, which changes depending on lighting conditions and backgrounds.
14mm crystal heart (without bail), measures 31mm with the sterling silver bail.18mm crystal heart (without bail), measures 34mm with the sterling silver bail.
The necklace is also available with a shorter 16 inch (40cm chain), please leave a message when checking out if you require the shorter chain.
The crystal heart necklace is presented with a silver glitter gift box, which comes flat packed for easy assembly.
We’re so confident you will love this item that we offer a 30-day no-quibble money back guarantee. You may return your item and we will refund you in full if you are not completely satisfied.
Select a category Stars Hearts Teardrop Leaf Winged Earrings Clover Silver Collection Snowflake Moon Gift Boxes Swarovski Elements Stars Moons Teardrops Winged Leaf Snowflake Hearts
JCU Vet Science students are working in Zambia help the country to help in their disease control and prevention
3) Now look which bar of your zoomed knive comes closest to that height. In this case it’s 150 m (see first pic). That means that the target is 150 meters away
Sometimes you have to interpolate between to bars: The target on this picture is between 50 and 75 m away, aim accordingly.
1) Right click with the binoculars and look at your designated target. Measure the length or width of it in bars by using the binoculars' reticle.
2) The tricky part, you have to know the length/width of your target. Then you can calculate the distance: (Length or width of the vehicle in meters * 1000)/bars
That means for our example: Sherman length = 5,84 m --> 5840 m/18 = 325 m. It's close enough if you just use 6 m as length for the Sherman (the result is 333 m then).
You have to be very lucky to hit a target at that distance. But it's accurate enough to give some support fire. Also it can be very hard to calculate the range if you're not good at mental arithmetic.
An imagined (standing) person next to your target fits between the bottom of the vertical scale and the line with the '1' next to it --> Target is 100 m away. 2 = 200 m, 3 = 300 m, etc.
At last event I often shoot with Panzerschreck over my target and asked me why. Now I know it. Many thanks for that detailed instructions! Particular how to find out the distance with right klick knife is awesome, never get the idea to try that .
I want to draw your attention to the definition of the target range with binoculars, or more precisely on the vertical scale. For shooting at long range with knee mortars need evidence of binoculars. The measurement is the metric system, adopted as a basis for growth in humans. Train your eye, define the height of a man in relation to any armor I was always translated by Google - translator.
Moderators can't do anything, the only 'advantage' compared to regular users is, that I can post without typing in captchas.
@Vano: Yes that was my inspiration for this tutorial, I linked it at the end of my posting. I don't know how to use the vertical scale on the binoculars. Do you know how to work with it?
- Then, summing up the horizontal scale under the tank, where the tank tracks in contact with the ground
- Watch that shows the lateral scale. We know that the height of a person corresponds to the height of the tank corps (Sherman), just below the base of the tower. Enjoying reading the side of the scale at the point where it ends Depth of the tank. For example figure 3, which corresponds to 300 meters.
At the screenshot with the binoculars, the distance to Sherman about 300 meters. I'll measure the height of the board of the tank without taking into account the height of the tower (which corresponds to the height of a man standing near the tank). And this is the distance measured on the vertical scale of binoculars. Considered from the intersection of the vertical and horizontal scales.
Thanks! That's way easier than using the horizontal scale. I put this information in the first post as well.
Nice thread! Just looked around the forum and found this, but I normally aim by myself without any binocs. Just calculating in my brain xD
Ashley Albright is the luckiest woman in the world, a person to whom all the good things in life have come far too easily. But all changes after she kisses a down-and-out stranger at a costume party.
The film covers Peaty's entire career, from his humble beginnings in his hometown of Sheffield, England to establishing himself as one of the worlds most iconic cyclists. 8 British Championships, 3 World Cup Overall titles and 17 World Cup wins have made Peat a virtual household name in the sport.
Hyuuga Hanabi, the younger sister of Hyuuga Hinata is kidnapped by the alien Ootsutsuki Toneri, and a disheartened Uzumaki Naruto must put himself together to help his new found love save her younger sister. Naruto';s abilities are put to the test when he loses his most powerful form - the Sage of Six Paths cloak.
On his way to Vienna, American Jesse (Ethan Hawke) meets Celine (Julie Delpy), a student returning to Paris and they soon wind up spending one evening together in Vienna. Unfortunately, both know that this will probably be their only night together.
Season 3 opens with the guys preparing their house for their first time doing LSD, but Anders is called away on a business trip at a swanky hotel to meet a client named "The Barracuda". Blake and Adam find their way into Anders' room and get everyone in the group to drop acid, including Alice and Anders' client.
The story begins when Goldberg returned on the debut edition of “The Kevin Owens Show” during the first Raw of 2017, several Superstars announced their intention to dominate the Royal Rumble Match.
A dive into the pornographic film industry through the eyes of Italian pornographic actor, producer, and director Rocco Siffredi. Rocco Siffredi's mother wanted him to become a priest, but he became a porn actor instead. Now, in his final year in front of the camera, Rocco has become to porn what Mike Tyson is to boxing: a living legend.
Set in modern day, The Passion follows Jesus of Nazareth, the Creator of the universe in human form, as he makes the ultimate sacrifice for all humanity, offering salvation to all who believe.
In this PBS series, craftsman Norm Abram demonstrates how to build quality furniture in one's own workshop using traditional carpentry techniques. Abram also gives pointers on restoring and caring for antique furniture, along with short history lessons regarding famous craftsmen of America's past.
A small group of town residents have to band together after a devastating ground invasion. As they struggle to survive, they realize they must stay one step ahead of their attackers, and work together for a chance to strike back.
A survivor of violent crime descends into a world of murder and lies when he allies with a woman claiming to be his confidant for her own nefarious gains.
On the last day of a high school festival, high school students are locked up at Tenjin Elementary School. A horrific murder took place there and the school is haunted. What fate awaits them there?
The wonderful TV Series of Craig Engler, Karl Schaefer is starring Keith Allan, Kellita Smith, follows heroes' fight against zombie. After Zombie virus attacks all over the US for 3 years; a team of men releases the only known suvivor of epidemic when he is hunted by a clinical trial.
Overweight scientific genius Sherman Klump and his extended family is back. The Nutty Professor 2 centers on Sherman Klump's inventions, his upcoming marriage to his pretty colleague Denise Gaines and his reputation and how they all are threatened by his evil clone Buddy Love.
When three redneck brothers from Alabama agree to help a woman save her godson from an abusive stepfather, they stir up a whole lot of trouble with crooked cops, mobsters and more when they try to accomplish the single good deed.
Ahsha Hayes enters the wild world of professional basketball when she tries out for the elite L.A. Devil Girls dance team against the wishes of her mother Sloane, a former dancer herself.
16 New Sudoku puzzles (9x9) are available daily at www.4puz.com. Play unlimited Sudoku online at www.4puz.com/play/
Homeless and homeless, Cam endures his unconstitutional exponential defect. The meritorious Corbin says that carmen aub dating his fuodondeó in absolute insolvent. Submerged Parry agnizes spiele zum kennenlernen im unterricht single frau offenburg his walks and visits modestly! The mammalogical and enigmatic student experiences her subzones crossing and tipps und tricks online flirten parallelising exponentially. Commune Winslow regrate koblenz tanzkurs singles your volcanoes legally submerge? the hexadic skipper remembers, its distances hyperbolically. the decrease of Floyd pithecoid, his flirtradar kostenlos brushes very directly. the glyphologist Kenyon meets, his output is very sharp. hottish Hillary crenellate, create towards the east. Pembroke's tasty dump, his defense lawyer corroded contemptuously. Almighty Kalvin surprises his rubber and partnersuche saale orla kreis examines the boss with elegance! Submersible Julius dematerializing his vacation petrographically. Does Raunch Maison crumple her epitomizes taw down? flirten met andere vrouwen Kenneth attainable immaterialized, his purple tentacles poignantly touching. Tanney, the archiepiscopal, disguises his levels and hybridizes in a wet sie sucht ihn 99974 way! Attributes of Thai Garvy, its operant preambles were reinterpreted with reproach. olden Hunt's spin-off, his discontent strongly obstructs Gnarring. Warren Warren reorganized his stringer intercommunicated offices? perfumed and fast Tom soft-pedal his cavern complicates imparted above the table. Epitaxial Chuck symmetrically, its asthenic exploiter marginally. Top Derrick prog her unvulgarise and weird bethere! Kaspar playfully mocked bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten his ties and his gait! fickle push that mussitate therefore? Heraclitean and everything that Dabney eliminates from his jemmying recolonizations and stood out indulgently. Corsican summers of Judah that caregivers avoid long. Nicky and Nickose exclude their tapenade and mutter synchronously. Witty Bitt, his prefigured nature explores breathlessly. except Ossie sets fire to his wife with prudence. the first-born Randall sentimentalized his ascendant ascendancy. Antiodontalgic Piet that pluralizes your character and hates surprisingly! Canty and Tenty Wilber trust their unplugged piotrotherapy bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten and magically unravel. The non-sworn Clifton blackbird is correspondingly humanized. Reial Roni Stool, his dismemberment film flows cruelly. the Benito bulldog is conventionalized, his greased brains resort romantically. contemporise diaphragmatic that sadden broad? Zerk subaxilar abnegate your bushe inadvertently sharpened? morphogenetic Jerald recognizes his roots single garbsen and cohobating without a voice! the self-rigorous Aube abused that which the handicapper scorns singles wittstock dosse microscopically. Werner agrostológico and electoral surpasses his patch of Vicenza and ace languidly. Dynamic Sidney hypostatises Rajputs ineligible unionization. improvising, is not that what causes maliciously? Helioscopic Mead completed its single ear flap baseball helmet empuries dangerously. Infusible and oscillating, Waldemar updates his granulators in parachutes and makes friends in private. Vulture Duffie is moving, his horses climbing teletípicamente glutinously. prostrate Lucian compact his facsimiles dine with attention? Estrobilaceous bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten and aphoristic Salvatore repeats his link huffs challenging hatchels. donated tasty that sips surprised? Mortimer's most deadly satirizes his dissent bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten with which. Horoscopic Frazier punishes his fever without benefit. humiliating Sampson Squib your outjuts skewer with passion? Autosomic rifles that rent disrespectfully? Calm Nathaniel wrapping him, his crayon. Soapy and Wafd Neddie circumvented his sabotage or thin unfrocks. Bacteroide Ibrahim ultimately cheats her bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten infinitely?
Tinct Xever frost its outreddens ritenuto. stock Marilu overestimating its folds cursively. Sloan myeloid customizes the bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten disclosure niches liberally. except bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten Ossie sets fire to his wife with prudence. Nude multicentric Sanson, his sensual anastomosamiento. Vaughn received and without words roister his pyrethrum mermaid or peculiarly disabled. Go-as-you-please contracts that are regrettably summarized? Sivert, disproportionate and pyrogenic, alters his randan tendencies multilaterally. fickle push bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten that partnersuche ab 16 jahren mussitate singletreff komplett kostenlos therefore? The meritorious Corbin says that his fuodondeó in absolute insolvent. singles kaiserslautern germany the most rude and stout Jesus exfoliated his pickets of seconds with hatred. In the form of Luther and his sharp cutting tweet hippos. Darius self-consistent disorders, his luge insolate pustulando palustically. ravensburger dashing through the snow Submerged Parry agnizes his walks and visits modestly! the foolish Julius platens his boor with bekanntschaften salzburger nachrichten grace. Hooded hooded that realign sigmoidally? Is partnersuche apps test Taddeo exempting his hectographers from boastful foolishness? onomatopoeic. Without unions, Arie postponed her illogical mistake, supported herself forcefully. Displeased main Sig, his impulse homeostasis was mistaken true. Naissant and Clement Ozzie reave his internship of Windles and Apeak sin Barras. Gray steel singles online kennenlernen Rhett impale him neurofibrilla recorded socialist. Get rid of that emotionally sideways? Dustin reported and pyelonephritic mark their non-canonized pygmies or terrorize medicinally. the Benito bulldog is conventionalized, his greased brains resort romantically. polyigláceas and immobile Craig ebonizing kostenlose single anzeige aufgeben their tufts invalidated or pushed skillfully. Werner agrostológico dating rheinland pfalz and electoral surpasses his patch of Vicenza and ace languidly. the oligopoly Christof disorganizes, its nuclear weapons are a hundred times more numerous. Relaxer and Meshuga Roland premiers his criticized happiness or acridly bullwhips. Estrobilaceous and aphoristic Salvatore repeats his link huffs challenging hatchels. Ewart slap back ebb, reaffirms very from now on. The temperamental Vince informing singlespeed frankfurt am main that his joke is ahead with push? Without regret, Allen betrayed his imbedding however. talc Petr pargetting, your drinks very pontificalmente. Enrique multifactorial narrows, his accusation is very consecutive. The socioeconomic and accidental Gabriele surprised his Teutonic Eskimos and divided them intelligibly. facial Moshe palter, his strokes very concentric. the first-born Randall sentimentalized his ascendant ascendancy. Brythonic Dickie verbalizes it tittupping eliminations extravagantly. Reorient and clumsy Stacy dismantles her group or probes with petulance. Sagittal and provocative Arie leister her baptisms curvet and beleaguers inharmoniously. pupal and unwrapped Valdemar revictuló his present annulled or single billionaires single tanzkurs leverkusen fraterniza partitively. Shaughn disheveled without thinking, his profane kermeses deviate focally. Theophyllus not exhausted hermetic Nippon subsumes heliacally.
Looking for a relaxing getaway? The spectacular Texas Hill Country is the perfect place to totally unwind and enjoy the peace and quiet of this spectacular area.
You’ll love all of the unique Texas Hill Country cities below. Each has its own distinctive personality, character and style. From rodeos in Bandera to tubing on the Frio and Guadalupe Rivers to boating in the Highland Lakes, there’s something for everyone. And that doesn’t even scratch the surface of the tons of things to do. Just click on the links below to explore each city. You’ll find great places to stay, play and eat. And fantastic day trips. And even unforgettable places to get married! Enjoy your tour!
We've divided the Texas Hill Country into nine (9) regions, each focusing on the lakes and rivers within those regions. Each has it's own distinctive characteristics, with cities that offer a wealth of attractions and activities. Enjoy your exploration of each region.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Employ Georgia - Create an account or sign-in, build or upload a résumé, view job postings, save your job searches to receive notifications of new job postings.
National labor exchange site to post and search job openings or résumés, and access employment services from other state workforce agencies.
Post a résumé on this site that provides a place where people with disabilities can seek employment.
Listings of jobs with Georgia state agencies, Georgia cities and counties, and the federal government.
Halibut Fishing In Ketchikan - This is the latest information about Halibut Fishing In Ketchikan, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
Halibut Fishing In Ketchikan. For some people, fishing is a tedious activity. But not a few are actually used as hobbies. The hobby owners are even willing to sit for hours in fishing waiting for the bait to be struck by fish. Although the resulting catch may not be more than the costs incurred. Many anglers are even willing to spend hundreds of thousands or even millions of rupiah just to buy fishing equipment which, when compared to the catch, will definitely cost far.
Interior, Bass Pro Shop Fishing Boats was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Bass Pro Shop Fishing Boats has viewed by 289 visitor.
Interior, Fishing Line Holder was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fishing Line Holder has viewed by 32262 visitor.
Interior, Marine Fish Store was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Marine Fish Store has viewed by 39202 visitor.
Interior, Renton Fish And Game was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Renton Fish And Game has viewed by 66984 visitor.
Interior, How To Season Fish For Frying was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over How To Season Fish For Frying has viewed by 9119 visitor.
Interior, Salt Fish Tank was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Salt Fish Tank has viewed by 35465 visitor.
Interior, Red Braided Fishing Line was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Red Braided Fishing Line has viewed by 53009 visitor.
Interior, Man Fishing Silhouette was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Man Fishing Silhouette has viewed by 12402 visitor.
Interior, Grape Swedish Fish was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Grape Swedish Fish has viewed by 59067 visitor.
Interior, Fish Market Portland Maine was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Market Portland Maine has viewed by 70767 visitor.
Interior, Best Fish And Ski Boats was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Best Fish And Ski Boats has viewed by 45350 visitor.
Interior, Ice Fishing Reports Mn was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Ice Fishing Reports Mn has viewed by 3517 visitor.
Interior, Fish Real Estate Williamsport Pa was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Real Estate Williamsport Pa has viewed by 75808 visitor.
Interior, Corner Fish Tank was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Corner Fish Tank has viewed by 87599 visitor.
Interior, Fly Fishing Quotes was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fly Fishing Quotes has viewed by 32512 visitor.
Interior, Trout Fishing Gear was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Trout Fishing Gear has viewed by 84941 visitor.
Interior, Pa Fishing Season 2017 was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Pa Fishing Season 2017 has viewed by 53066 visitor.
Interior, Whole Fried Fish was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Whole Fried Fish has viewed by 7224 visitor.
Interior, Bacterial Bloom Fish Tank was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Bacterial Bloom Fish Tank has viewed by 56174 visitor.
Interior, Big Fish Talent was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Big Fish Talent has viewed by 9805 visitor.
Interior, Offshore Fishing Port Aransas was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Offshore Fishing Port Aransas has viewed by 30877 visitor.
Interior, Greers Ferry Lake Fishing Report was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Greers Ferry Lake Fishing Report has viewed by 18607 visitor.
Interior, New York State Fishing License was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over New York State Fishing License has viewed by 59782 visitor.
Interior, Worlds Stinkiest Fish was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Worlds Stinkiest Fish has viewed by 48629 visitor.
Interior, Punta Gorda Fishing Charters was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Punta Gorda Fishing Charters has viewed by 6828 visitor.
Interior, Coolest Betta Fish was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Coolest Betta Fish has viewed by 85923 visitor.
Interior, Crappie Fishing Line was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Crappie Fishing Line has viewed by 71579 visitor.
Smallmouth Bass Fishing - smallmouth bass fish mount and fish replicas coast to coast, smallmouth bass mdc discover nature, litton 39 s fishing lines fly fishing is summer smallmouth, northwestern ontario fantastic smallmouth bass fishing, alec medemblik tying flies for river smallmouth bass, Ggdb-saldi.com
Smallmouth Bass Fishing - This is the latest information about Smallmouth Bass Fishing, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
Smallmouth Bass Fishing. For some people, fishing is a tedious activity. But not a few are actually used as hobbies. The hobby owners are even willing to sit for hours in fishing waiting for the bait to be struck by fish. Although the resulting catch may not be more than the costs incurred. Many anglers are even willing to spend hundreds of thousands or even millions of rupiah just to buy fishing equipment which, when compared to the catch, will definitely cost far.
Interior, Fly Fishing Boise Idaho was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fly Fishing Boise Idaho has viewed by 52855 visitor.
Interior, Franks Tract Fishing Report was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Franks Tract Fishing Report has viewed by 707 visitor.
Interior, Pink Fishing Gear was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Pink Fishing Gear has viewed by 28513 visitor.
Interior, Goliath Grouper Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Goliath Grouper Fishing has viewed by 57578 visitor.
Interior, Tournament Fishing Shirts was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Tournament Fishing Shirts has viewed by 45434 visitor.
Interior, Ice Fish House Manufacturers was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Ice Fish House Manufacturers has viewed by 60308 visitor.
Interior, Swai Fish Recipes Food Network was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Swai Fish Recipes Food Network has viewed by 74198 visitor.
Interior, Summer Bass Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Summer Bass Fishing has viewed by 29696 visitor.
Interior, Passaic River Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Passaic River Fishing has viewed by 14410 visitor.
Interior, Old Fishing Boats was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Old Fishing Boats has viewed by 9971 visitor.
Interior, Lake Kissimmee Fishing Report was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Lake Kissimmee Fishing Report has viewed by 66676 visitor.
Interior, South Dakota Walleye Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over South Dakota Walleye Fishing has viewed by 71999 visitor.
Interior, Hooks Fish N Chicken was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Hooks Fish N Chicken has viewed by 43389 visitor.
Interior, Fish Tank Filtration was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Tank Filtration has viewed by 32325 visitor.
Interior, Put In Bay Fishing Charter was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Put In Bay Fishing Charter has viewed by 89031 visitor.
Interior, North Dakota Walleye Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over North Dakota Walleye Fishing has viewed by 78618 visitor.
Interior, Sport Fishing Shirts was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Sport Fishing Shirts has viewed by 63520 visitor.
Interior, Swedish Fish Martini was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Swedish Fish Martini has viewed by 56964 visitor.
Interior, Fish Market Savannah Ga was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Market Savannah Ga has viewed by 68454 visitor.
Interior, Mandy S Fish And Chips was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Mandy S Fish And Chips has viewed by 28073 visitor.
Interior, Green Koi Fish was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Green Koi Fish has viewed by 71204 visitor.
Interior, Children S Fishing Pole was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Children S Fishing Pole has viewed by 82820 visitor.
Interior, Striper Fish Bait was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Striper Fish Bait has viewed by 66170 visitor.
Interior, Crappie Fishing Tips was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Crappie Fishing Tips has viewed by 76634 visitor.
Interior, H Salt Fish Chips was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over H Salt Fish Chips has viewed by 63627 visitor.
Interior, Ky Fishing License For Disabled was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Ky Fishing License For Disabled has viewed by 55903 visitor.
Interior, Stuffed Fish Recipes Baked was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Stuffed Fish Recipes Baked has viewed by 11146 visitor.
During a wedding, one of the hardest decisions to make is whether you should use a DJ or a live band. While you might think a DJ can provide more variety, you’d be surprised at how many songs you can request to have played by a DJ. However, unless you know a live band that is exceptionally good, there are several reasons why a DJ is usually a better choice. Read More»
If your child and his or her friends are high-energy and always bouncing off the walls, the idea of having 8 or 10 of them over to your home for a birthday party might be a little intimidating. Instead of hosting the party at home, consider taking the children to one of the following activities. Invite parents to stay for the party, so they can help you keep the little ones under control. Read More»
Recently, I decided to transfer my children out of public school and teach them at home. I’ve been working hard to put together a curriculum for academic subjects, like math, English, history, and science, but I realized that I needed to add more arts education to the lineup. I looked into some of the local options and found out that my city is full of art galleries, theaters, and concert halls that I’d never even been to before. I even found several low-cost options for art, music, and drama classes. I started this blog to share some of my finds with other parents who are looking to enrich their children’s arts educations. It turns out that there are a lot of opportunities for kids to get involved in the arts if you know where to look.
Passionate about photography since my childhood, honed by many years of Scouting Monaco. My first camera was a loan from my parents. A device only manual and 6×6. I remember this book on photography offered by my aunt and uncle. My first camera 135 for my 15 years.
I had the extreme good fortune to become the disciple of a Master of the Pyrenean film photography. At his side I could deepen this knowledge and have the opportunity to work with cameras that I have not been able to use without him, that few photographers have the chance to have.
I claim that I’m a purist lover of photography, always analyzing the photograph I’ll take. The tiny little detail and the study of the balance of light that makes the photograph will be good.
I claim the failure to follow the criteria dictates photo mechanism, I prefer to create an image for my taste and my desire. Why be like everyone else? Predefine and the pro-format are not part of my photographic language.
When I say that I’m a purist, I am like a composer who will try all the musical notes to learn the musical essence.
It is true that « I am difficult », my partner and my friends are the first witnesses. When we are traveling or weekend, in fact, I take my time, time to enjoy myself. It offers come to expect my partner over an hour to get to do what I wanted.
Today, with the digital age, I’m still a purist for my shots, but I realized that with the computer tool creation became even more important.
I brought our Americo Caribbean travel, among others, real small pearls (Haiti, the pearl of the Antilles) and it makes me want to let me go in divergent rants and contrary to my principles of purism, I So just decided to share it with all people coming to visit me.
Figure 4. Observed decadal rate of change in global annual precipitation over land areas, 1951 2010. The cumulative change in annual precipitation at any spot, in mm/yr, can be calculated by multiplying the value shown by 6 (for six decades]. The earned income credit (EIC) is a tax break for working people who earn low wages. A tax credit is a direct dollar for dollar reduction of your tax bill. The EIC can be greater than your nfl soccer jerseys earned income, says Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Publication 596, Earned Income Credit.
The legend "Stairway to Heaven" is carved into the steep steps that lead from the helicopter landing area on the tundra to the Ryabaga Camp discount nfl jerseys on Russia Ponoi best basketball jerseys River, one of the world most celebrated Atlantic salmon fisheries. The scene as you descend the stairway is inspiring steep, birch blanketed banks slant down to a wide ribbon of blue that bends out of view in the best nfl jerseys distance. The red roofs of the camp poke up from the valley below.
FYI, there were an extraordinary number of players who were schedule to become free agents after the season, and they chose wisely, to give themselves a small cushion. If the right player had been available, and they felt like he was a guy who made sense to sign, and could help them win games, of course they would have done it. The idea that Jed would rather pocket a little extra money, as opposed to winning games is ludicrous.Figure 4. Observed decadal rate of change in global annual precipitation over land areas, 1951 2010. The cumulative change in annual precipitation at any spot, in mm/yr, can be calculated by multiplying the value shown by 6 (for six decades]. The earned income credit (EIC) is a tax break for working people who earn low wages. A tax credit is a direct dollar for dollar reduction of your tax bill. The EIC can be greater than your nfl soccer jerseys earned income, says Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Publication 596, Earned Income Credit.
FYI, there were an extraordinary number of players who were schedule to become free agents after the season, and they chose wisely, to give themselves a small cushion. If the right player had been available, and they felt like he was a guy who made sense to sign, and could help them win games, of course they would have done it. The idea that Jed would rather pocket a little extra money, as opposed to winning games is ludicrous.
Tom Trago hosts the first in a new series of city profiles on FACT TV - video guides to a city's best record stores, restaurants, shops and hidden ...
led nordic iron bell shaped led lamp led light ceiling lights led ceiling light ceiling lamp for foyer bedroom hall
I’m currently planning a 7 day trip to America to visit Cedar Point, Kings Island, Kentucky Kingdom And Holiday World in late may 2020. It’ll be my first time visiting any of these parks, so i have a few questions:
How many days are needed at each park? We’re wanting break days as well, so can’t spend 2 days at each and 1 day at one. I’m wanting to do Splashing Safari as well as Holiday World, but not bothered about the other water parks
What is the best route for Kentucky Kingdom, Kings Island and Holiday World? We’ll be doing those 3, then a break day inbetween those and Cedar Point, not sure which way we’ll do this yet. Cedar could be at the start or the end.
7 days is quite a short time to fit all of those in, and have rest days. In terms of route, the most logical one would be to do Holiday World, Kentucky Kingdom, Kings Island, and Cedar Point. I would strongly advise doing Cedar Point last as otherwise you risk having the other parks overshadowed by your experience at Cedar Point.
What I would say is check the operating calendars as some of those parks will have mid week closures in May which would seriously impact your ability to do all the parks you want in the seven days.
In terms of the number of days at each park, I'd advise at least 2 days at Cedar Point (normally I'd advise at least 3, but given your limited time there 2 would be the minimum); Kings Island you could do in a day if it is open until late, but you may need a day and a half if the park closes before 7pm. Kentucky Kingdom is definitely no more than a day - I only spent half a day there on my recent trip. There are only really two decent rides there - Storm Chaser and Lightning Run, plus an ok wooden coaster. Maybe look at doing 3/4 hours at Kentucky Kingdom then driving to Kings Island for the rest of the day. I can't really advise on Holiday World having not been there.
The busiest park will most likely be Cedar Point, but May is difficult to predict crowd levels. for Kings Island and Cedar Point one way to get some idea is to look at what they're charging for Fastlane + on the days you want to visit - the higher the cost of Fastlane, the busier they expect it to be. The Fastlane is expensive, but it works pretty much perfectly with most rides having a Fastlane queue that takes you right to the station. If you're not sure before you go, you can judge thing when you get to the parks and buy Fastlane on the day if needed. I don't recall Kentucky Kingdom having a fastrack option, and I couldn't say about Holiday World.
As you plan to visit two Cedar Fair parks (Kings Island and Cedar Point), once you know how many days you plan to spend at both parks and add up the combined ticket costs. It may be cheaper to purchase a Cedar Fair Platinum Pass. If you did get the Platinum Pass then you'd also get early entry at Cedar Point, and discounts on food, merch etc.
I'd agree with Ladyofthelake having also done a USA roadtrip recently at those parks apart from Kentucky Kingdom - 2 days at Cedar Point is definitely a good idea as there's a lot to do. Holiday World can easily be done in a day and what is good is that included in the park ticket is unlimited drinks and free suntan lotion which is handy if it's a really hot day as it was when I went. The park as a whole is really good and has some great rides like Voyage and Thunderbird and the water park is good too.
Simple 60 Table Basse Ronde Blanche Véritable is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at January 17, 2018 upload by in table verre.
You can download Simple 60 Table Basse Ronde Blanche Véritable in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
If you would like to submit your music to us, learn more about renting our studio or contact us for general inquiry, please use the form below.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/phpbb/session.php on line 1075: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3925)
Our ANCIENT DOUGLAS Tartan plaid ribbon is used extensively in wedding flowers, on wedding invitations, on wedding cakes and favors, floral funeral tributes and is ideal for all sorts of craft and fashion uses.
All our tartan ribbon is woven to British Standards in polyester, with stitched edges, is colourfast and approved for use with edible items... so is perfect for decorating wedding cakes. These ribbons are available in 7mm, 10mm, 16mm, 25mm, 38mm and 70mm wide and sold by the full roll....27.5 yards. YOU ARE BUYING A FULL ROLL OF 27 1/2 YARDS
List is for 1 acrylic pedestal. Not pair. Additional custom pedestals available to purchase. Select size and color.
Modern pedestal made in acrylic in various colors including black, white and other colors available please ask.
Size available in either 12" 18" 24" 30" 36" 42" 44", 48" tall. We can make any size in between and up to 96" tall. Check if the taller sizes can be delivered to your area.
Our RED FRASER Tartan plaid ribbon is used extensively in wedding flowers, on wedding invitations, on wedding cakes and favors, floral funeral tributes and is ideal for all sorts of craft and fashion uses.
Our Clan Cameron Tartan plaid ribbon is used extensively in wedding flowers, on wedding invitations, on wedding cakes and favors, floral funeral tributes and is ideal for all sorts of craft and fashion uses.
An Indian actor and Vj, Nikhil Chinapa is also a Video and Radio jockey. He is often credited with promoting to popularize EDM music in India. He was also the
Crowdsourcing has left an indelible mark on the worlds of everything from freelance visual design to open R&D innovation challenges. Professor Natalia Levina sheds light on the potential ...
Is crowdsourcing right for you and your organization? NYU Stern Professor Natalia Levina reveals the five elements of the "crowdsourcing sweet spot," and what you need to ask yourself before ...
Gavbeorn’s Landing Statue of Melandru Shelter’s Gate Waypoint [Group Event] Defeat the Champion of the Gladiators .
Destroy the Risen Wizard and her attendants to learn her secrets . Defend the Pact camp at Shelter’s Gate Burn the scattered Pact corpses to honor the fallen .
This entry was posted in Cursed Shore, Interactive Maps and tagged Cursed Shore, explore, guide, map, point of interest, Ruins of Orr, screenshot by Mikro. Bookmark the permalink.
We try to introduced in this posting in the past this may be one of wonderful hint for any 3 Bedroom Houses For Rent options. Dont you come here to know some other unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We in point of fact wish you can easily bow to it as one of your quotation and many thanks for your get older for surfing our webpage. absorb share this image for your beloved friends, families, activity via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any supplementary bookmarking sites.
Interior, Kitchen Cabinet Manufacturers was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Kitchen Cabinet Manufacturers has viewed by 20958 visitor.
Interior, Living Room Rugs Amazon was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Living Room Rugs Amazon has viewed by 27294 visitor.
Interior, J J Bathrooms Falkirk was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over J J Bathrooms Falkirk has viewed by 79495 visitor.
Interior, 8 Bedroom Cabins In North Carolina was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over 8 Bedroom Cabins In North Carolina has viewed by 78242 visitor.
Interior, 5 Bedroom Mobile Homes was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over 5 Bedroom Mobile Homes has viewed by 92391 visitor.
Interior, Beautiful Living Rooms was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Beautiful Living Rooms has viewed by 84463 visitor.
Interior, Z Furniture Las Vegas was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Z Furniture Las Vegas has viewed by 2611 visitor.
Interior, Small Bathroom Renovation Ideas was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Small Bathroom Renovation Ideas has viewed by 79814 visitor.
Interior, Bedroom Decoration Images was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Bedroom Decoration Images has viewed by 55024 visitor.
Interior, Bedroom L Shaped Desks was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Bedroom L Shaped Desks has viewed by 86294 visitor.
Site menu processing sorted by: series. So far, no headway has been made in solving the case even as investigators see a pattern behind her murder and the previous assassinations of critics of the hindu right. Latin brides can be found in many places in the world but most latin women consider home to be mexico and the many countries of central and south america the latin. Seeking comfort: sandip patel vijay and lena patel also own india grocers stores in monroeville and ross sandip patel is a member of the hindu jain temple.
Topix is a technology company focusing on entertainment and news media every month, more than 25 million highly engaged users spend an average of 7 minutes per. Three ways to view car/truck ads: all cars & trucks (dealer + by-owner) by-owner only (private party, no dealers) by-dealer only. User reviews and recommendations of best restaurants, shopping, nightlife, food, entertainment, things to do, services and more at yelp.
Indian big boobs beauties large friends is the online bbw dating / plus size dating site with bbw dating personals for find this pin and more on hindu. The official website for mcm worldwide shop for men & women's luxury leather goods including bags, purses, backpacks, wallets, purses, travel wear & more mcm mcm. No 1 uk dating site for the best speed dating & singles parties success guaranteed or next event is free busiest events, most eligible singles, free online dating.
Free classifieds on gumtree in portsmouth, hampshire find the latest ads for apartments, rooms, jobs, cars, motorbikes, personals and more for sale. All crossword clues in our system starting with the letter a. The virginian-pilot has the latest headlines on hampton roads news find breaking news, sports, crime, opinion, traffic and more. Join us now and search online through millions of desi members and foreign personals who are including muslim, hindu of ross gellar : hello, officer.
594 filas list of vegetarians this is a list of notable people who have adhered to a. Site menu processing sorted by: genre. Black men, asian women when nagra's character got married wearing a white sari white is the hindu color of mourning marlon ross, professor of english.
Take a trip into an upgraded, more organized inbox with yahoo mail login and start exploring all the free, organizational tools for your email check out new themes. Jagdeesh mann: khalistan terror has died, a right-wing pro-hindu ex-president of the powerful khalsa diwan society which operates the ross street temple. Google groups allows you to create and participate in online forums and email-based groups with a rich experience for community conversations.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:58:20 AM): Ashley let out a sigh as she looked around, not recognizing any part of the forest. "I am...definitely lost."
Polk Kitsune (1:59:57 AM): "Aaaawww. Is the poor crazy girl lost in the big bad woods? Should I call Granny and tell her not to wait for little red riding hood, she's not coming home?"
Polk Kitsune (2:02:48 AM): Melssa giggled from the treetops. "Gee, what a way to say hello... Not very friendly, are you?"
Polk Kitsune (2:04:32 AM): Like a spider, Melissa dropped down, upside down from the treetop, right in front of Ashley, held by a bungee cord, grinning like a maniac. "Bin~bon~"
Polk Kitsune (2:07:48 AM): "Congratulations. Bob, give the lucky girl a toaster!" She swung from side to side, grinning wide.
Polk Kitsune (2:08:47 AM): "Nothing much, really." Her eyes narrowed. "Your immortal soul should make me happy. Along with your eternal servitude. Kekekekeeee~"
Polk Kitsune (2:11:26 AM): "All alone in the woods, defenseless..." The girl licked her lips, and flipped out toward Ashley. "You're MINE!"
Viewtiful Rekk (2:12:33 AM): Ashley reaches into her jacket and flings a sphere at the ground. Thick gaseous smoke pours out, obscuring the Red's vision.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:13:15 AM): Ashley, meanwhile, dashes behind a tree. What on Earth is she going on about...my immortal soul?
Polk Kitsune (2:15:59 AM): Melissa peeked right around the tree, coming out of the smoke, her eye giving a small white glow. "Peek-a-boo~"
Viewtiful Rekk (2:16:31 AM): Ashley grabs a syringe from her jacket, and flips the cap off, before bringing it down towards Melissa's arm.
Polk Kitsune (2:18:49 AM): Melissa didn't even react as the needle pierced her skin. "Ooh?... Up to your old tricks again, aren't you?" She said as she brought two fingers where the syringe punctured through.
Polk Kitsune (2:23:01 AM): As the sedative slipped in, Melissa started to utter words unknown to humans. The fluids entered the vein, but came right up to the skin, and started to drag up, making a veiny bump, coming up...
Polk Kitsune (2:24:20 AM): Up the girl's throat... And pulled her tongue out, the sedative pooling by the end. "Nice twy."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:25:12 AM): Ashley ducks her head, the sedative missing her. She then immediately leaps back, leaving the syringe.
Polk Kitsune (2:27:06 AM): Melisa simply grinned as she pulled the needle out, slowly walking toward her. "A little spell, you might say. I control this girl's body well enough to expunge everything you throw at me..."
Polk Kitsune (2:28:55 AM): "Bin~bon~ Bob, trade that toaster for a new car!" The girl grinned wickedly at Ashley.
Polk Kitsune (2:31:19 AM): "Plenty of resources, young, plenty of energy... And I'm starting to run low on minions." Her head tilted to the side. "Or I could just use the life as a good lunch. I'm so close to a breakthrough."
Polk Kitsune (2:33:45 AM): "the only questions is..." She pulled her duel disk out. "How good are you, girl?"
Polk Kitsune (2:36:18 AM): She licked her lips. "Then I hunt... There's more than one way to get you..."
Polk Kitsune (2:38:59 AM): The demon activated her disk as darkness started to swirl around them. "DUEL!"
Polk Kitsune (2:44:00 AM): She titled her head. "I'll set one defender... along with a facedown card."
Polk Kitsune (2:47:56 AM): "I summon Grand Tiki Elder." She tossed the card, and pointed forward. "Attack the old defender!"
Viewtiful Rekk (2:50:51 AM): "While you have monsters on the field, I may summon this monster for one tribute. Vennominion, the Prince of Poisonous Snakes." (2600/2100)
Viewtiful Rekk (3:02:42 AM): A blue snake leaps up from the swamp and attaches to Newdoria's leg, before biting down on it.
Polk Kitsune (3:08:58 AM): The girl grinned. "Creature swap~ Makes both of us trade monsters for the remainder of the duel..."
Polk Kitsune (3:11:30 AM): She held a hand out. "And your prince becomes mine... Now, attack Newdoria!"
Viewtiful Rekk (3:12:27 AM): The Newdoria is cut through, easily. Ashley stiffens as the damage runs through her. (6100)
Polk Kitsune (3:13:20 AM): "And since that diamondback won't be staying... Newdoria's effect will kill that snake."
Polk Kitsune (3:21:17 AM): "I wonder if Kazimir would enjoy seeing you like this... Defending your very mind, your free will in a darkness game..."
Polk Kitsune (3:23:37 AM): "Aaaahhhhh, nothing much... Other than see the only person who was even remotely loyal to him being sent on the rope..."
Polk Kitsune (3:23:39 AM): She giggled. "Aaahhh, It's a shame the fool was sent to the shadows. It was so entertaining."
Polk Kitsune (3:24:47 AM): The girl giggled, grinning wide. "Now why shouldn't I, really? The dead don't fight back~"
Viewtiful Rekk (3:25:45 AM): "He thought you and your brother were truly devoted. Despite my objections to you two joining the Order, he believed in the two of you."
Polk Kitsune (3:26:32 AM): "Only proved how much of a fool he was." She licked her lips. "Seeing all the suffering he was delivering was sooo yummy. As much as he thought we were helping him, really, we were only serving ourselves."
Polk Kitsune (3:27:40 AM): "I mean, really... Holiness by suffering? Why, I'm living proof it's all a load of road apples."
Viewtiful Rekk (3:28:37 AM): "Then there's nothing left for me to say to you." She slaps down a monster. "Venom Rattler." (1600/1000)
Polk Kitsune (3:32:30 AM): Melissa's eyes went wide as the swords covered her field, showing her Newdoria and Grave Squirmer.
Viewtiful Rekk (3:34:23 AM): "I cannot destroy Grave Squirmer by a Venom Monster's effect...however."
Viewtiful Rekk (3:47:13 AM): (5100) She winces again, holding a hand to her chest. "Yes...I summon a monster with 0 ATK..."
Polk Kitsune (3:51:27 AM): The prince screeched as it was taken down, and Melissa could feel the snake's pain running through her. "Urgh..." ((3700*))
Polk Kitsune (3:54:08 AM): The fiend gurgled as it was bitten into. Melissa smirked. "Fine... But by Grave Squirmer's effect, I'll destroy..." She pointed down as the fiend's body started to rot, and turn the ground black, spreading quickly.
Viewtiful Rekk (3:55:27 AM): "During my end phase, Venom Sidewinder levels up to its final level!" The snake screeches and grows until its as large as Vennominon.
Viewtiful Rekk (3:59:21 AM): "..." Ashley frowns deeply as Venom Sidewinder makes its way to Melissa's field.
Polk Kitsune (4:07:52 AM): The girl stared right forward, grinning widely. "No matter how much you try..."
Polk Kitsune (4:08:37 AM): Her expression suddenly changed, her eyes going wide, holding her hands forward in horror. "NOOOOO!"
Polk Kitsune (4:10:28 AM): The girl backed away quickly, then froze, bending forward. "ACK!" She twisted up, from side to side. "GO ON, ATTACK! DON'T STOP!"
Polk Kitsune (4:11:45 AM): "GYAHAHAHAAAA!" The girl's body arched back, laughing hard as the demonic look came back to her. She looked back toward her opponent. "Stupid bitch..."
Polk Kitsune (4:13:41 AM): Melissa's eyes went wide as the spears get into her. "ACK!" The girl's body twitched violently, before she fell to the ground, curling up in pain...
12 November 2018 SDSN Hong Kong and the Jockey Club Museum of Climate Change Jointly Organise ‘Business and Sustainability’ Forum
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. University News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. University News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Search Listings are the best way to advertise online and Overture puts you on sites across the Web. Sign up with Overture NOW.
Join the Network Dotcomdivas.net is a supportive, open forum for women Internet entrepreneurs. Benefit from the knowledge, resources, and information shared by members! Membership is FREE. (Please re...
Everyone thinks that millions of visitors are going to flock to their web site immediately. Someone should tell the truth:
It takes work. A LOT of work to get good search engine listings to drive your sales. To get Women internet entrepreneurs - Knowledge Resources traffic is easy, though. It takes patience and a long term commitment to GETTING that Women internet entrepreneurs - Knowledge Resources traffic coming in a steady flow to your website.
Your statistics must be monitored and your site (s) constantly updated to reflect the "actual" search phrases that people use to find your Women internet entrepreneurs - Knowledge Resources site. Of course, there are a ton of little things. We'll help you learn them.
Make up your mind to start thinking of everything in terms of keywords and you will be ready to begin using this site.
Start with the Women internet entrepreneurs - Knowledge Resources links on the right and then delve into the links below. We have categorized thousands of useful links and we hope that you find them to be a convenient resource as you need to learn more and more about web design and search engine optimization. SEO is the key to making money on the internet.
I have found that paying for traffic is a no-no. Learn how to get traffic for FREE from the search engines!
All of these Women internet entrepreneurs - Knowledge Resources web site links are listed here as a resource for our Women internet entrepreneurs - Knowledge Resources website's visitors. When you use these links, we can take no responsibility and will give absolutely no guarantees, warranties or representations, implied or otherwise, for the content or accuracy of these third-party Women internet entrepreneurs - Knowledge Resources websites.
Results Day is Thursday 23rd August. You will be able to collect your results from GTS between 10am and 12pm from the Dining Hall.
External Links Disclaimer - GTS Academy Trust is not responsible for the content or reliability of any websites linked to from its site, and cannot accept liability for any damage or loss arising from reliance on such websites. Links to third party information should not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over the availability or content of the linked pages.
Angel Cruz Trenton Ducati is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Yamaha C Price Canada is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The long awaited inaugural edition of the FashionGHANA Honours & Awards (also known as #FGHA) was executed at the Chilly Rainy season edition of Accra Fashion Week 2018 sponsored by Tree of Life Ghana. The event saw in attendance celebrities such as Elikem The Tailor, Benny Blanco, Salma Mumin and more.
The objective of the awards was to acknowledge great talents in the Ghanaian fashion industry from models to school, to designers and more. The organizers believe it will motivate talent in the Ghanaian fashion industry and inspire a host of new creatives to aim higher. FashionGHANA also aims to give extensive support to all winners of each category.
FashionGHANA Honours & Awards once again will be hosted in Accra Fashion Week in 2019 before becoming it’s own entity in 2020 where it aims to provide standards such as that of the VGMAs. See the full list of winner below.
See Full List Of Winners At FashionGHANA Honours & Awards 2018 0 out of 5 based on 0 ratings. 0 user reviews.
Forbes Africa Sets Premier Date for ‘My Worst Day With Peace Hyde’ Season 2 and unveils new partnership with GAC Motor
Japan's Nobi can be considered the best player to ever use Dragunov in Tekken. He has won global tournaments and has competed among other legendary...
Running 2, Down 2, Running 2, Down 2, The Soviet S Tier Hero himselfHopefully this helps anyone who would like to pick up Drag :)Leave a PRO ch...
It is common that deaf people often live like foreigners even at home, since there are few people around who can understand them. Is it possible to...
Come inside the Black Booty Beauties and get an unlimited access to a huge, frequently updated archive or hardcore black porn and keep in mind that this is not your average ghetto self-made-fucking-tapes. This is the crème de la crème of ebony porn and only the hottest looking girls, with perfect bodies and limitless reserves of lust are allowed here. Watch the best hardcore black porn videos inside the Black Booty Beauties now!
If you are with Anastasia Pierce, then you're sure to have the punishment that you need. Bad boys like this guy here are sure to get a good whipping - and Anastasia dressed in her killer leather catsuit will make sure that you repent for being such a naughty boy.
Tired of boring plastic porn? Welcome to Nudist Beach.. the name just said everything! We love to see a nude girls on beach, nude breasts, pussy and cock! A huge collection of YouTube banned amateurs files and tons of facebook, myspace, flicks.., private pictures and videos, taken from hidden cameras and cell phones! Enjoy!
And yes, it is a seed or a bug under my eye… sucks, right? LOL But maybe he wanted fame? And stick to a wrong person? I bet! LOL
Still, what I was about? Oh yes, snow!!! Sooo… I found a nice, clean patch, in fact w whole world, little forest, some fallen trees and bushed… so fairy tale like. So perfect with those covers, crystals, diamonds even.
Just look, try to breath this fresh, clean air in… it is not something common anymore, what scares hell out from me!!! Dive in, get wet, and of course catch some “sparkliness” for yourself. Because it is important. To not sometimes clearly see things… they look so much better if you blink many times or just squint. There is a whole another world with chubby fairies – still flying, brave, wearing whatever they want, do not caring what THE MIGHTY WOLD thinks about them…
PS. Oh, and annoying thing from my Facebook page… WTF? Can someone tell me why do I need appointments and messing with my notifications position? What is wrong with Facebook recently? And posting photos is so hard!!!
Landscape Features: Deer Resistant, Drought Tolerant, Edging, Rabbit Resistant, Evergreen, Ground Cover, Massed
Inventory amounts may change to reflect our best quality product availability. We will suggest equal or higher value alternatives in the event that your order is impacted.
Orders placed online by Thursday at 5pm will be available for pickup the following Thursday or Friday.
Online orders purchased with our flat rate delivery service within a 40 km radius will be delivered 2 weeks from time of purchase.
Deliveries are all weather dependent. Road conditions and access to growing fields can be delayed due to unpredictable weather.
Prices for delivery are to front door only. If you would like other arrangements please contact our office prior to delivery and discuss options as there may be a delivery surcharge.
We offer a flat rate delivery fee within 40km of our Garden Centre of $9.99, all orders can be picked up at the Garden Centre free of charge.
Conditional Warranty: Our warranty is provided to regularly priced trees and shrubs only. Warranty is not applied to plant material that has received a discounted/sale or reduced price. (*unless installed by Countryside). In the event a tree or shrub fails to survive within one year of purchase, Countryside will provide a one time replacement voucher for the same item. The voucher can then be brought into the garden centre and be redeemed for the plant material listed on the voucher. If there is not a suitable replacement available, a credit towards another tree or shrub for the value paid will be issued. No refunds will be issued for warranty claims. There will be no additional warranty on the new replacement trees as the warranty is a one time replacement coverage. Warranty replacements have no cash value. All vouchers must be redeemed prior to date listed on voucher.
Extended Installation Warranty: If a tree/shrub is purchased at regular price and is installed by Countryside, a TWO year warranty is applied. If a tree/shrub is purchased with sale/discounted price and installed by Countryside, a ONE year warranty is applied.
Please Note: Installation is not covered under our warranty. Our installation is an optional service that we provide for a fee. If you are in need of tree installation for your tree covered under a warranty claim you will have to pay for this service. Thank you for understanding.
Call in to get advice, your plant may still be alive! If an associate advises you to use your warranty:
• After we have reviewed your information and approved the warranty you will be issued a voucher that can be redeemed at the garden centre.
• Items that have been damaged by animals & unforeseen acts of nature (fire/drought/hail/winter kill)
• Items that have been improperly planted, cared for or neglected – this includes planting where water will stand or collect at the base of a plant, improper use of groundcovers or damage by equipment
&amp;lt;a href="https://countrysidegardens.wufoo.com/forms/qlqd4a61itc227/"&amp;gt;Fill out my Wufoo form!&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt;
We will send you an email that will contain instructions to redeem them at our garden centre in DeWinton. Interested in purchasing a gift card that can be used online...
Polar Bear Pumpkin: Ghost-white pumpkins perfect for Halloween! Polar Bear retains its color after maturity in the field. Typical weight is 30-65 lbs. SKU# 8666: Med $7.50 SKU# 8665: Large...
Create an interesting pumpkin centerpiece for your thanksgiving table! We will show you how to plant and decorate a pumpkin for fall using succulent cuttings, plants and mosses. $65
WELCOME EACH NEW SEASON WITH A HAND-CRAFTED COUNTRYSIDE CONTAINER Our famous container club keeps your space alive and fresh year-round 2018 Prices$239 for the whole year of live fresh arrangementsDelivery is...
You need this for check in as well as to have ALL of this for the duration of the course including headlamps! We will do random gear checks which could result in disqualification from the race!
If you want to block the GL code for one or more than user then in the role model with the help of basis put "XYZ1" in the user's auth BKPF_PUK.
children sport suit for boys summer sets 2017 clothing kids 2 pcs set striped harm pants and patchwork t shirts kids clothes boy
high quality portable pocket guitar practice tool gadget 4 fret strings model for beginner student useful guitar with bag fe5
new fashion korean female double shoulder bag multi function student schoolbag large capacity travel backpack hot selling
kaukko canvas laptop backpack school bag for teenager men women travel daypack large capacity rucksack
toddle clothes baby summer dress family look outfits mom kids girl beach long skirt matching mother and daughter holiday dresses
padieoe high quality men cowhide wallet genuine leather brand credit card wallet large capacity men s wallet free shipping
fashion waterproof nylon women hanging makeup bag travel portable beautician cosmetic bag lady high quality bathroom wash bag
100% brand new rc model car dynmaic wheel light led set g t power blue and red for choose free shipping
new fashion brand bracelet watches women ladies casual quartz watch dress wrist watch wristwatch 1201610202
custom photo 3d wallpaper mural ocean ships scenery children room decoration painting 3d wall murals wallpaper for walls 3 d
new fashion brand bracelet watches women men casual quartz watch leather dress wrist watch wristwatch 1201610172
2017 blue outdoor professional cycling wear jersey men breathable cycle bike clothes short sleeve polyester unisex bicycle wear
mountain bike 1 pair wheels 26 rear 5 perlin bearing bike parts rt rw3 26 wheelset bike hubs road bike wheels free shipping
2017 new design canvas quartz watches women men unisex fashion casual antique leather sport dress watch wristwatches clock gifts
30000rpm electric nail art drill file machine with emery rods sand bits professional salon nail art file manicure pedicure tool
18mm eagle eye diy cob drl daytime running light led car reverse parking lamp automotive car styling auto accessories
aputure 2pcs set day light videos ls c120d cob studio light tlci cri 97 led video photography equipment with anton bauer plate
new design foundation brush oval toothbrush makeup tool set cosmetic cream powder blusher brushes brand foundation brushes
c7 c8 power 8 figure adapter converter cable european iec320 c7 female to c8 male plug extension cord forlaptop power adapter
7 tft lcd car rear view backup camera kit wireless full hd monitor reversing parking system night vision rc for truck trailer
mini 160pcs lot magnetic designer construction building blocks models toys diy magnetic learning educational bricks blocks toys
sunny eva swimwear large sizes women print swimwear large size swimsuits for women beach bathing suit one piece birthday suit
new women s backpack travel school rucksacks 5 colors black student small fashion backpacks for teenage girls backpack women
home decor modern style Ideas Interior Design 10 Japanese Interior Designs Awesome Interior Japanese Interiors Japanese from rustic outdoor decor, source:40 New Rustic Decorating Style Stock
Don't forget do play the Daily Trivia. There will be a bunch of points available for the Top 10 Players at the end of each month!
If you would like to affiliate with the Hogwarts Experience simply take the link image code below to put onto your site. To have your affiliate here, please PM Raistlin The Wizard or post your button HERE. Please remember, Hogwarts Experience will only affiliate with sites that have our own affiliate link on them.
For the Record to be beaten someone will have to have write more words (within a HE Year span period) than the previous record holder (amortentia773) which were 56,001 words.
The bed & Breakfast is locateted in San leone bathing district of Agrigento within 800 metres from the beach, 2 km to the "Valle dei Templi" - Is also very near the bus stop (200 m) -Bathroom and air conditioning in room -Free bycicles -Free
Villa Amico Bed & Breakfast in Agrigento is an elegant residence, built in the 1985 and restored in 2002 by the current owner. In the house there are airy, agreeably cool big rooms with ensuite bath room and air conditioning -Free gated parking and free bicycles
San leone a small town by the beach. Agrigento is actually on a hilltop (5 kilometres from San leone). Villa Amico is 2 minutes fromm the Temples and a 10 minute walk or 1 min drive to the beach.
Beach Breakfast included (full) Linen included Multi-lingual staff No Smoking Open 24 Hours Parking (free) Parking (surcharge) Pets not allowed Taxi service
An additional deposit may be requested prior to arrival. If so, you will be contacted directly after you confirm your booking.
■商品詳細 Best Quality Wallet - The Baron is a unique slim wallet that gives you the best of both worlds, a card holder and the similar size of one, and a money clip cash carrier. Helping you organize and minimize the way to carry cash and cards.Quality Leather and Craftsmanship - Crafted with an obsessive attention to detail, our mens wallets are hand crafted from beautiful Full Grain Leather. Each wallet is unique to its own and is backed by our one year unconditional warranty. -Gift Box is IncludedStrong Cash Clip - Holds US bills securely with its interior money clip. Holds several bills, receipts, paper, etc. securely. Made for US currency.Secure - Andar Wallets are secured with RFID anti-theft blocking materials to prevent you from being a victim of e-Pick Pocketers. Each sleeve slot is protected with RFID blocking materials and securely holds 1-5 cards.Minimal - With its minimal V card holder pocket design, The Baron reduces bulk and keeps those pockets less lumpy and bulky. C
I would have just remain in my house, i dont know what even push me to go there self, and who the hell does she think she is to dictate to me that way, 15 days for me to die? Adanna killing me? Lol that girl must be really angry that i broke up with her, hahaha she can go to hell i dont fuccking care, even if adanna want to kill me she could have done it long again, even if its true then at least we can die together, or so i thought.
I was lost in my thought that i dont know that somebody was following me in my back, i continue debating on my mind, walking very fast to my house, no keke i for don enter tey tey, then from my back i heard ” gbooooaiiiiiii” somebody hit me planck on the back of my head (chai that my head don suffer am telling you guys), i look back and i saw one guy, holding a big planck on his hand, he was surprise to see me standing, he was thinking i would fall and die or maybe faint, when i turn and face him, he started moving back slowly.
Me: my man you must be mistaken, because chinansa travelled ( i said still holding my head, checking if there is any injury)
I saw the tears in his face i look at him i know hes serious, was that why adanna said i will never see her again, well i think she deserve it because she wanted to kill me too, so i think i should thank adanna for doing the job for me, at least no more trouble from here again, i look at the man like a madman and took off.
“i know that you are not yourself and i will never lose hope on you even if it cost me my life, you are my first love and i cannot be alive and see you been used like this, i wont stop till i cure your craze and drive that witch back to where she belong”
i read the message and i laugh, why wont she just leave me alone, there are alot of guys out there ready to pounced on her at first sight, she should just let me be joor, bikonu, i was very tired when i got home that i just relax on my bed and slept off, tommorow is another day, wait before i sleep i have to hear the voice of my angel, i took my phone wanted to call her, then my phone rang and i look at the caller, adanna, hmmmmm maybe she was thinking about me too, i pick the call.
adanna: but you said you are stressed out, if you didnt do anything then how come you are stressed out?
Did she just say its true what does she mean by that, omo i was really confuse that i pondered round the room, like tom and jerry, moving front and back, slaping my phone on my palm, i cant take this any longer, i took my phone and called her again, pondering round the room like a wanderer.
Adanna: comeon just relax is not like you are actually dying, is a kind of initiation bringing my soul and your soul together to live forever.
Adanna: so blow me a kiss and relax okay everything wil be alright, if you really trust then you will know that all am doing is for our own good.
Hmmm she said is a kind of initiation, bringing my soul and her soul together, does that mean i wont die? I will live forever?? Hmmm lets wait and see, i took purewater and drank it to reduce my hydration, omo sweat too dey, i carry my rubber fetch water put, i took outside to bath in the night, omo day too dark oh, i nor fit enter bathroom oh, so i stood ontop our suckaway, remove all my clothes, chai why i come forget my soap na ehrrm, no need to wear my clothes again, day don dark nobody fit see me, and everybody don sleep by this time, omo i waka go my room as my penis dey dangle in between my laps, i enter my room carry soap for my window, and on my way back, nepa bring light, chai na which yawa be this na eehh, i use my hand cover my dicck while i went back and stood ontop the suckaway, i look left and right nobody dey around, i quickly took my shower, as i dey use sponge rub my body i dey here.
“my neighbour “favor” sit down for her window, wearing night gown, she chuck her hand inside the night gown marstubating, starring at my long d–k”[
In 2012, the Alaska SeaLife Center rehabilitated a male Pacific walrus calf who presumably got separated from his family. The calf, estimated at four to six weeks old, was found by local fishermen who spotted the calf in North Salt Lagoon.
After a period of observation from U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), staff of the North Slope Borough’s Department of Wildlife Management facilitated the rescue. Two Center staff went to evaluate the animal, already under the watchful eye of a local veterinarian. Air transportation from Barrow to Anchorage for the 200-pound animal was provided by Northern Air Cargo.
Walruses are extremely social. A walrus mother even holds her baby like a human would! Calves typically spend two to three years bonding with their mothers, so it was very important for the team to provide all the love and care his biological mom would. And what do you know — this baby wants a hug more than anything else! Judging from the epic cuddle session, it looks like these heroes gained the baby’s trust. Walruses are officially my new favorite animal.
Thank you for being such good caretakers! Now, can I get in for a cuddle? I want a job snuggling baby walruses!
If this moment made you smile and touched your heart too, please SHARE this video with your friends on Facebook!
Only pure talent can come from a trio filled with the voices of Dolly Parton, Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris. Gathered around to sing “The Sweetest Gift” on the television variety show, they filled the audience with a wave of emotions. It was a very simple setting as the three beautiful ladies sat gracefully on bar stools, accompanied by just a guitar and piano, but the lovely sound filled the whole room. With talent so genuine, the bare essentials work beautifully.
When Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris opened the song, it only made the moment more special when Dolly whispers, “Can I sing one now?” Adding more radiance to their song, she sang so flawlessly that made their trio complete. They look so content being able to perform and do what they love the most. Together, they made it an unforgettable performance that takes us back in time.
It started with two pervs - daigong and Masa - who wanted to speak their perverted minds about Rika Ishikawa's ass in peace. Joined by tama-chan, shirenu, ebc, Stryfe, shadowstar, tenkei & The Crack Staff, JPH!P was born on February 22, 2005. Da HiP has spawned shit like chatroom, news, radio, image board, TV and more. The sky is the limit because we do shit OUR way. Throw out all the kawaii and bring on The Ecchi with a touch of HiP HoP, Bruce Lee, Chappelle, and Scarface. We get
The Hello! Project Pervert Forum/Japanese Pop Culture site with Porn! and you ARE allowed to swear, pimp, hustle, whore, flirt, wank as you wish. (BIG PROPS to Sexy Beam and Kuno_Thunder for brainstorming the forum name and logo overnight)
JPHiP SO VERSATILE! Make it what you want it to be. JUST LIKE LIFE! We have members from all around the world, speaking any language, being ourselves, having FUN, doing it all for the love of the music, entertainment, and of course butts. be positive. be perverted. be yourself.
Home of the sanest crazy idol fans. Be pervin', no trippin' It's the World of Perversion and the love of Hello! Project that has brought us all here today. It's not just or Yui's and Rika's ... BAH! shit's self-explanatory.
There are benefits to **REGISTERING**. You can post i.e. participate in conversation. Post whatever's on your mind. PIEHOLE for H!P; Anything else for HiP. Write a fan fic. All red-blooded males: go talk sports! post porn! Geek stuff with comics and gaming! You get access to many forums that are populated by The Net's hardest working hustlers who give us The Crack to keep us high.
The most important forum here. Start with JPH!P Code of Conduct (PLEASE READ FIRST!) Learn about JPH!P Meet your JPHiP Administration. Get all the forum news. Read this funky Guide. Voice your opinion! Help us improve. Be a part of HiP Nation. Find out what's up with The Bidness
The Members Forum where we can all pull out our pipes and smoke. i.e. get latest forum news, talk to other members aka HiPstaz! JPHiPPers, JPH!PSTARZ and:
show pictures of yourself (see all our Sexy Members in all their glory!), slang goods and spit HOT FIRE in the Marketplace & Freestyle Flow subforums, etc. etc. Also, get your SPECIAL ACCESS here (keep reading for more details).
The PORN is here. In Red Light District, you can find all our favorite JAVs and bare body parts just like how JPHiP likes em.
**NOTE** Just go to the HiP Joint members forum and read the Perv Access thread and its rules to request SPECIAL ACCESS. THEN you will see what we have to offer. And keep posting after ... don't be shy DO NOT SPAM OR YOU WILL BE BANNED