'disgraced knight bankers', 'GOP Health care plan', 'foreign exchange market', 'Floyd Mayweather Jr' in Taxing Affairs, FATCA and CRS
IAG share price: Group turns to Spain as it prepares for no-deal Brexit British Airways and Iberia parent looks to ensure it will meet ownership rules Nov 12 2018, 08:57 GMT
Oil price rises as Saudi Arabia announces plans to cut production in December Nov 12 2018, 10:30 GMT
USD/CAD to 1.20 after surprise Bank of Canada (BoC) rate hike With the huge move in USD/CAD yesterday, could this be the fastest period in the hike cycle? What are the signals that the BoC will tone down rate hikes? Sep 7 2017, 13:00 BST
Appetite for ‘lesser’ vintages at iDealwine fine wine auctions Burgundy in the spotlight for next session Jun 11 2015, 13:54 BST
New platform to introduce property crowdfunding to Sub-Saharan Africa Realty Africa enters service agreement with Deloitte and Imara Fiduciary Apr 22 2015, 12:08 BST
Singapore’s stock exchange, central bank jointly develop blockchain settlement system Nov 12 2018, 16:14 GMT
An advertisement in yesterday’s online edition of Haaretz, one of Israel’s leading dailies, rather said it all. The page in question was headlined ‘Cyprus crisis could affect Israeli deals there, but overall impact is limited’. The piece reported on the apparently low exposure of Israeli banks and suggested that the sector most likely to take a hit would be forex, with many Israeli-controlled agencies running accounts in Cyprus. And there, alongside the story, was an ad by a Hungarian business consultancy which read ‘From Cyprus to Hungary’, and underneath – ‘Move your company from Cyprus to Hungary, 10 % corporate tax’.
It’s not quite as simple as that of course – the newly-minted 10 percent Hungarian company tax rate only applies on taxable incomes up to €1.8 million per annum, beyond which the old rate of 19 percent still applies. But that’s to quibble: Hungary has deliberately followed Bulgaria and of course Cyprus in seeking to attract investment via the lowest tax rates in the EU. And this enterprising consultancy plainly sees the prospect of offshore companies scrambling to get out of Cyprus and into somewhere else, perhaps as early as next week.
Not so long ago, such a move by another EU member state would have prompted few, if any, offshore Cypriot companies to relocate from the haven. What Cyprus could offer in addition to the lowest tax rate going was its depth of experience in offshore company establishment and administration – a large and lucrative industry has been built on the provision of these and related services – and equally deep experience in facilitating cross-border currency flows and in funds warehousing, for pretty much anyone needing such services and not too many questions asked. Notwithstanding more rigorous bank regulation since joining the European Union in 2004, Cyprus – long a tax haven up there with the best of them – has continued since accession to present as destination of choice for foreign capital needing a home which appreciates the importance of discretion.
According to data provided by the Central Bank of Cyprus (CBC), as of December 2012 total non-bank deposits in Cypriot banks amounted to a staggering €70 billion, well over three times the size of the country’s GDP for the year. Of that total, a shade under 62 percent was recorded in the names of domestic depositors and a further 7.6 percent as ‘other euro area residents’. The balance of just over 30 percent - €21.5 billion – had been deposited by ‘residents of rest of the world’.
Of whom, by all accounts, a very great proportion are Russians. And indeed, Russians probably account for a sizeable chunk of the ‘domestic’ deposits also. Over the past decade or so, Cyprus has become the favoured home away from home for thousands of Russians, with 10,520 officially recorded in the 2011 census, mostly resident in Limassol – or ‘Limassolgrad’ as it’s known locally – and with anecdotally tens of thousands more flying under the radar. And for the most part they are from the ‘high-net worth’ end of the Russian economic spectrum, with deposits per capita in Cypriot banks way above the local average.
For its first six years of EU membership, the Republic of Cyprus – not to be confused with the rump Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, effectively quarantined by the Union – did spectacularly well out of the move. A happier union of elite Euro-club membership and savvy tax shelter status could hardly be imagined. The single and other hard currency poured into the island, with bank deposits growing by an average of 13.2 percent annually in the 2006-2010 calendar years (over 18 percent for ‘rest of the world’ deposits). Together with soaring tourism receipts, the revenues generated for the domestic economy by those billions in the banks, in bank charges and invoicing by the plethora of financial services enterprises, produced living standard growth for Cypriots unmatched pretty much anywhere else in the EU. According to World Bank data, 2011’s GDP per capita (PPP basis) at $32,254 was nearly 50 percent up on that in 2004, when Cyprus joined the EU.
And of course the Cypriot banks – some, such as the Bank of Cyprus, now with significant Russian ownership - were doing their level best to place this unprecedented fiscal largesse to best advantage in international money markets. Which to a very large extent meant the ‘mother country’ – Greece – and the folly of which is now all too painfully apparent.
As Cypriots go into their second consecutive weekend without banking services beyond the couple of hundred euros available – or not, as the case has often been this week – at automated teller machines, the huge fear is of what will happen if banks reopen on Tuesday, Monday being the celebration of Greek Independence Day, of all days, and no deal has been done with the Troika. And open they must if the country’s economy is not anyway to grind to a halt because cash only gets you so far and that commodity is anyway being squirreled away as fast as account-holders can pull it from the ATMs.
Absent a Troikan deal, or something of equivalent scale from Russia, say, there is only one plausible scenario. There will be a massive run on Cypriot banks, with neither they nor the central bank having anything remotely like the wherewithal to service the demand; they will start to default on settlement obligations across the financial spectrum – from multi-million euro commercial drafts currently frozen in transit to modest family savings accounts; and their doors will shut as quickly as they opened, only this time in at least some instances for good. And Cyprus will enter a financial meltdown from which there will be no way back – the Euro jettisoned, since it can’t be devalued, a new pound sinking like a lead weight within moments of its launch, and the ‘bail-in’ bailout so imperiously rejected by the Cypriot legislature during this past week seeming like manna from the heavens, if only it could still be had.
In such a dire strait, in the past, insolvent countries have had no choice but for their citizenry to get back to work and to work hard enough for long enough to start a recovery of sorts. A case in point being Argentina back in 2001-02. And they’re still at it, are the Argentines, though the worst of the country’s monetary collapse is now behind them.
But the Republic of Cyprus is no Argentina. It doesn’t have the population for one thing – with just 840,000 souls according to the 2011 census – and it doesn’t have the industry or the natural resources which Argentina has been able to turn to account in its journey back from the brink. Fact is that, when financial services and tourism are removed from the equation, Cyprus – like Greece, the font of all its woes – has virtually no way of making a living. And as the Greek experience also demonstrates, the first casualty of financial collapse is inbound tourism – you get whacked coming and going.
Of course, there is the prospect of vast amounts of natural gas being extracted from the seabed just off the coast of Cyprus. But an income stream from that source is likely to be years away and in any event matters will have to be resolved with the north of the island – the Turkish part - before anyone in their right mind will invest in the process.
What then for Cyprus’ future as an international financial centre, or tax shelter if you will? Without a bailout, there isn’t one – a lucrative national enterprise of long-standing and built on nous, trust, connections, discretion and the helpful accommodation of other people’s money will simply evaporate, leaving behind nothing but redundant office space in Nicosia’s central business district.
And, sadly, it’s possible without difficulty to find any number of commentators this week, and especially since rejection of the Troika deal mid-week, who believe that Cyprus is finished as a financial centre irrespective of whether some other deal is struck by Monday. Meltdown might be avoided, the process might be more orderly but sooner or later, according to this view of things, the Russian and other offshore billions will start to pack their bags and head for more agreeable climes.
Perhaps there’s a third scenario but it’s hard to spot it at the moment. Whatever happens over this long Cypriot weekend, it looks very likely that the country is going to have to find itself another job. Taking some constructive steps towards resolution of the south-north divide might not be a bad start to the process.
Risk Warning: Investing in digital currencies, stocks, shares and other securities, commodities, currencies and other derivative investment products (e.g. contracts for difference (“CFDs”) is speculative and carries a high level of risk. Each investment is unique and involves unique risks.
CFDs and other derivatives are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. You should consider whether you understand how an investment works and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.
Cryptocurrencies can fluctuate widely in prices and are, therefore, not appropriate for all investors. Trading cryptocurrencies is not supervised by any EU regulatory framework. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Any trading history presented is less than 5 years old unless otherwise stated and may not suffice as a basis for investment decisions. Your capital is at risk.
Past performance is not an indication of future results. Trading history presented is less than 5 years old unless otherwise stated and may not suffice as a basis for investment decisions. Prices may go down as well as up, prices can fluctuate widely, you may be exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations and you may lose all of or more than the amount you invest. Investing is not suitable for everyone; ensure that you have fully understood the risks and legalities involved. If you are unsure, seek independent financial, legal, tax and/or accounting advice. This website does not provide investment, financial, legal, tax or accounting advice. Some links are affiliate links. For more information please read our full risk warning and disclaimer.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
The UK benchmark index looks set to start September little changed, following a downbeat lead from Asia, pressured by ongoing trade war concerns. In company news, Royal Bank of Scotland Group (LON:RBS) will be in focus amid prospects of buying back taxpayers’ shares about a decade following its state-funded bailout.
IG’s opening calls suggest that the FTSE 100 will open 0.02 percent lower at 7,431 points. The blue-chip index is likely to take cues for Asia, where shares have started September on the back foot, pressured by trade worries, with the US and Canada failing to reach a trade agreement.
“With heightened US-China trade tensions running in the background (with the consult on another $200bn of tariffs on China) any relief that NAFTA might present this Wed (assuming Canada reaches an agreement) could prove to be fleeting,” said Vishnu Varathan, head of economics and strategy at Mizuho Bank, as quoted by CNBC. In the US, shares ended August in positive territory despite the ongoing trade war worries.
At home, the FTSE 100 tumbled on Friday, shedding 83.61 points to close 1.11 percent at 7,432.42, pressured by the trade war concerns and stronger sterling. Whitbread (LON:WTB), however, soared more than 14 percent after agreeing to sell its Costa coffee business to Coca-Cola Co for $5.1 billion.
Today’s macroeconomic statements include the UK manufacturing purchasing managers’ index for August, due out at 09:30 BST. IG reports that the index is expected to have climbed to 55.9, from 54. In company news, The Sunday Times reports that RBS is planning to hold an extraordinary general meeting to win investor support for a share buyback aimed at reducing the government’s stake.
I certify that this review is based on my own experience and is my genuine opinion of this provider, and that I have no personal or business relationship with this establishment, and have not been offered any incentive or payment originating from the establishment to write this review. I understand that iNVEZZ has a zero-tolerance policy on fake reviews.
Writing great reviews helps others discover the providers that are just right for them. Here are a few tips:
Be informative and insightful: Be specific and relevant to the provider you’re reviewing, and describe what other users are likely to experience.
Keep it real: Be authentic. Review your own experience, and explain why you liked or disliked the provider. Try to be as accurate as possible, and include both the positive and negative aspects of your experience.
Be respectful: Not every experience with a particular provider is going to be perfect. Sometimes you’ll want to share negative feedback. Even if you’re frustrated, make sure your criticism is constructive. Business owners often use feedback to improve their offerings.
Write with style: People will pay attention when you write thoughtful reviews. Keep them readable and avoid excessive capitalization or punctuation. Use good grammar, check your spelling, and avoid profanity. Choose the right length - a paragraph is great. Be creative and have fun!
Since you’re just one step away from all the good stuff, here’s just a few of the reasons why you might consider becoming an iNVEZZ member:
US regulators have approved AstraZeneca’s (LON:AZN) hairy cell leukaemia treatment Lumoxiti, the blue-chip drugmaker has said. The news marks a boost for the blue-chip drugmaker which has bet on oncology as one of its key therapy areas to propel growth going forward.
AstraZeneca’s share price has slipped marginally into the red in today’s session, having given up 0.09 percent to 5,625.00p as of 09:40 BST. The stock is marginally underperforming the broader UK market, with the benchmark FTSE 100 index having climbed into positive territory and currently standing 0.04 percent higher at 7,284.55 points.
AstraZeneca announced in a statement today that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had approved its Lumoxiti drug for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory hairy cell leukaemia (HCL) who have received at least two prior systemic therapies. HCL is a rare, chronic, and slow-growing leukaemia in which the bone marrow overproduces abnormal B cell lymphocytes.
“Today’s FDA approval of Lumoxiti represents a significant milestone for people living with hairy cell leukaemia,” Dave Fredrickson, Executive Vice-President, Global Head Oncology Business Unit, said in the statement, adding that the approval provided “the first FDA-approved medicine for this condition in more than 20 years”.
The approval comes after last month, European regulators approved the group’s Bydureon BCise, a pre-filled pen device enabling patients with Type 2 Diabetes to medicate once a week.
Shore Capital reaffirmed AstraZeneca as a ‘hold’ today, without specifying a price target on the shares, while BNP Paribas, which sees the company as a ‘buy,’ set a valuation on the stock of 6,500p earlier in the week. According to MarketBeat, the blue-chip pharmco currently has a consensus ‘buy’ rating and an average price target of 5,760.47p.
A Book by Adonis(Ali Ahmad Said Esber) The first ever International Nazim Hikmet Poetry Award, the Syria Lebanon Best Poet Award, and the Highest Award of the International Poem Biennial in Brussels. He was elected as Stephen Mallarme Academy Member in Paris in 1983.
Based on various online resources and direct submissions of LSDBs LSDB list | Submit new LSDB | Log in
Archives Select Month October 2016 February 2016 January 2016 August 2015 April 2015 November 2014 September 2014 June 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 July 2009 December 2007 November 2007 November 2006 October 2006 August 2006
© 2012.Grid Style Free Wordpress Theme. All Rigts Reserved. Design and Developed by Dessign.net Powered by WordPress.org
Designing a specific machine for a specific task is not the easiest job in the world but it can be rather satisfying. Pay attention to these things and you will be able to do the whole process successfully.In a time where machines are a big part of all businesses, there is a responsibility for us humans to look after them well. Whether it’s a computer or a packaging machine these mechanical beasts are very useful and can do things much better than we can but they are vulnerable to damage. If you as a business want to get the most out of your equipment you need to look after them well. Here are a few factors that you need to pay attention to. Go here for more information about stainless steel decking screws.
The first thing you need to look into is how the machine is being used. Different machines have different capabilities and limits to what they can do. If you want to get the most from a machine it’s important that you get a clear idea on what can and cannot be done with it and make sure you only use the machine to do things that it’s meant to do. Understand its limits and respect those and this was you will be able to use the machine for much longer.
When it comes to repairing a machine finding the right parts can be very important. Whether you are trying to get a new monitor cable for a computer or find the right bolts and nuts for a specific machine you need to make sure you know where the right parts and available and make sure that they are easily accessible. Using updated machines made according to the industry standard will make things a whole lot easier for you in this regard.
For a business to get things done you need connections so knowing the right people with the right skills to look after your machines is something you need to put some effort into doing. At every level of a machine’s maintenance whether it’s training a factory worker to clean the machine or trying to find the right stainless steel nuts and bolts the people and other businesses you build a partnership with can have a big impact on the business that you are doing so this is something you need to work on.
There are certain times where you might have to consider the merits between maintaining a machine or getting a new one. Make sure you consider all factors and make the right decision.
If you are working on project of your home, to gain a complete outcome, in order to bring about completion, you have to focus on the exterior as well as the interior of the home. Most of the time, home owners give 90% of their attention and work to the interior of the home and the remaining 10% to the exterior. Most of the time, the 10% given to the outdoor environment is not enough. Therefore, you should always be considerate about making it complete and perfect. After you have taken a step to bring about the complete interior and the exterior, it would be much easier for you to feel relaxed and safe in your home. Most of the time, there are a number of complications that you have to face, especially if you haven’t handled a similar project earlier. How can you bring about the best from working on the outdoor project of your home?
In order to bring about the best from the outdoor environment, you have to have a gate. Without a gate, your property will be exposed, and you will experience less levels of privacy. There are a number of options that you have when it comes to gates. If you want to bring about easy access into and out of the property, if you have little space for the gate installation, can be automated if necessary and if you want to gain an aesthetically pleasing that would certainly bring about the best impressions from the visitors, it is ideal that you install sliding gates in Melbourne to your outdoor environment. Having installed this gate would certainly make your home even more beautiful.
Choosing furniture of your outdoor environment can be tricky. Depending on the type of the furniture that you have, you should keep them safe from elements such as water. Therefore, when you are choosing furniture for outdoor use, you should choose furniture that is resistant against harsh weather conditions. In order to make things a lot easier when choosing the ideal furniture for your outdoor environment, it is best that you choose outdoor furniture suppliers in Melbourne for your shopping. Once you have chosen the best suppliers, you will be free from having any doubts about the quality.
The most important feature of your outdoor environment is the landscaping. Depending on the kind of the environment that you want and the way that you want to feel when spending time in your life, you can decide on the landscaping.
There are many things which are much sought after in various areas and it could be well within the range in which you specify it to be. This could make a great change in whichever way it is hoped to end up in, being well ahead of the game. Artificial grass in Australia is an amazing solution for those who cannot manage to get the most natural form of it. It is, of course, not so easy to do this with all of the challenges which come along with it. It should be managed quite well within the level that is granted towards it.This might create a look which is so great that you really recommend it to absolutely anyone. You might feel the need for it because of what it has managed to give along with everything that there is. This should be quite the expectation of all with regard to what occurs within it.
Synthetic turf is the new trend in this means where people go towards a great extent within the possibilities which arise in the subject matter. It could be something which is looked upon with great likelihood of everything going absolutely right in many ways.The form in which this is taken up as a solution would do much in bringing up to a particular level. This level would say a lot about its scope in the future. It can affected by many factors which seem to go along with it. Its popularity could cost a lot within what is required to be. This can happen quite fast as you might not be knowing it for sure. It would remain within the limits of what is provided to it in many forms. This would be what is expected through it so that you know of what to do it according to the needs that are given towards it. It might be felt when there is something which needs to be done on behalf of it.
You might feel the results of it being that amazing because of what has been given as a great part of it. It would surely make a revolutionary impact on the whole and would be what is meant to be. This should be enough to give a lot of thought towards it, in order to make it occur quite well according to the specifications provided on this regard. This might happen to be what is being seeing through it all as a major cause of it to be going forward in many ways. For more information, please log on to https://www.lushturfsolutions.com.au/diy-installation-process/.
Whether you just moved in to a home and decided to make some changes or whether you decided to get rid of your old kitchen and make space for something new, we could all benefit from installing a brand new dream kitchen in our home. Our kitchen is undoubtedly one of the most important parts in the house and because of this reason, it always has to be in its best and perfect condition no matter what! In order to design your dream kitchen, there is not much you need to know! All you have to do is simply focus on what changes you want to instill in your kitchen, finding the best professionals to work for you and making sure that you actually have a proper plan. Not a lot of people would want to go ahead and make such a big change in their homes but it is going to be necessary if you wish to make sure that you experience the benefits of a new home kitchen!
Your kitchen will always be more convenientYou are not going to be able to get anything done in your kitchen in the way you want if it is built and designed in an inconvenient manner. Old homes are often built in such a way which is why tearing it down and rebuilding another is important to do. Things like diy kitchen cabinets Melbourne can really make a huge difference in the way your kitchen currently is and in all honestly, it is going to make everything you do in the kitchen much easier to manage!
Your kitchen can be upgraded with timeAll things change with time, especially our homes and their features so if you want to make sure that you are keeping up with the rest of the world, new kitchens Frankston are a must! In fact, we must not let the world pass us by at all! We must make sure that everything we do is done to upgrade the state of our kitchen in a quality way. We upgrade many things in our home and our kitchen should definitely be one of them! Upgrades are also going to make your kitchen look more beautiful too!
An old kitchen is not going to be of a lot of value if we think about and because of this, our overall home value is going to be a little low. This can become an issue if we ever wish to resell our home so by creating a brand new home kitchen, you are making a big change!
When you think of what are the places you go all the time besides your home and the shops, they could be public places right. There are many public places where thousands of people visit in just one day. It could be parks, or public libraries, public rest rooms, bus stations or railway stations etc. the main point is that, as these place are used by thousands of people, it could easily goes to waste, there is no denying that,. And not all the people who use them, but a few of them might be the cause these places are ruined even before they goes to waste because of the natural causes. Some people are just ignoring the rules and regulations and just destroy these place so it could no longer can be used. However, these public places should have to be maintained regularly.
There are places which are used by the public regularly such as restrooms and all. So these places are bound to fall apart due to that. And not only that, when some house were rented and then when the person who reside there is going to move out, the landlord have to do the home renovations and all for that place. Likewise, the public places too should have to be renovated accordingly as well. sometimes it may not just about the people who ruin the places, the public places can break apart due to the climatic changes like facing heavy rains or a season full of snow and all. So getting a fix up is a compulsory thing as people are waiting to use those places.
When the contract was given to build a certain public place, you are choosing the particular workers for that job as the rightful authorities, you have to choose the right people to hand over the contract to construct the public places and then keep them maintained properly. So the renovation builders Bright who has been chosen should have to be well talented and as well as experienced in order to do the job. And as this maintenance service has to be done every once in a while they have to be ready to take that responsibility and do a quality work there, then only the people can use these places when they want.
Working for the maintenance of these places is kind of challenging as it is a constant work, but it is the quality of work which should provide by a worker. In this way everyone can know the worth of these places.
You’ve looked around the place, signed the contracted and are just a few days ahead of moving into your perfect little home. Moving into a new home or an apartment can be very adventurous, certainly more adventurous than constructing your own home and also less stressful in comparison. However, there are many things that you would have to sort out before you big move in order to make sure your moving day isn’t messy and all over the place. You need to make sure it plays out in an orderly manner and here are few tips for you to make sure your big move is successful and less stressful.
Make a quick visit to your new home or apartment and go through every nook and corner to see if you’ve missed out anything that would need immediate attention. See if your pipe lines are all fixed right and if you see anything out of place contact a plumber Point cook immediately to get it sorted. The last thing you want is a flooded basement on your first night at the new place!
The best time to paint your house or the apartment would be before you move and not after. With the place almost mostly empty you can paint away without worry and since you would have a head start you can try out some swatches to see what colour would work with the lighting before you finally settle on a colour. Painting your house before the move would help you decide on what kind of furniture’s you need to buy for the house.
One of the best things of moving into an apartment would be that you can take advantage of the many services they provide. In case you see a leakage and don’t know anyone you can contact for immediate help you can always make use of the 24 Hour Emergency Plumbing service most of the apartments offer. Before you move into your home make sure you have a home inspection done so you know what needs to be repaired and what needs to be installed.
Walk around your neighborhood a few days before your big move and meet the neighbors. Make sure you create a positive first impression because you will be living among them for quite a long time and they are the ones who could help you out in case of an emergency. Getting to know them prior to the big move will be beneficial for you, if they like you they may come over and help you unpack and settle down. Establishing a healthy relationship between your neighbors is always good and encouraged!
Confidentiality is very important to provide for privacy. Privacy is also important for people and official processes to be able to maintain their autonomy and individuality. Personal data is a mark of individual reputation. This indeed influences the way we make decisions in private and official life. When personal data reaches wrong hands, it can lead to great harm.
The laser cut privacy screens are made from the inspiration gained from different sources. These screens are cut and they add great finishes to exteriors when completed with intricate geometry. The laser cut garden screens Melbourne have more to the detail than just floral work. They are a stylish option to serve as a privacy screen. While you are involved in a serious discussion a look at the intricate design on the screen can add some calm and resolve that is required for critical thinking.
Privacy is required in the official environment, consultation rooms, clinical settings and a range of professional areas where none other than the people who are involved in the actual discussion need to know about the happening. Privacy and confidentiality is very important in the medical offices to avoid medical errors. The communication between the healthcare provider and the patient can be confusing when there is lack of privacy. This is also true in a legal setting and any other official setting.
The ability of someone to be able to work in their regular work process gets better when sufficient amount of privacy is ensured. Privacy has a lot to do with work privacy. Work station privacy screens come in wide varieties of designs and the purpose of these screens are to ultimately improve on the productivity factor. There is a widespread need to keep telephone conversations private.
Aluminium fabrication that serve as decorative screens and privacy screens are great options to keep away from distractions. You need to separate unwanted distractions from serious work. While you are in to a cubicle you are committing yourself to productive work. It is a great idea to improve your productivity by setting up a private space using stylish aluminium facades.It is impossible to sustain productivity in any field in the absence of a privacy setting and a decent infrastructure. Whether for structural, functional or decorative purposes, the privacy screens have a lot to do. Keep your data safe, keep your work place productive, and keep your work place conducive and inviting to others, by including fabricated finishes in different aspects of the interior and the exteriors.
House renovations can cost you a fortune if you don’t plan it properly. Even with proper planning, house renovations and remodeling projects can cost you a lot of money. However, it is important to renovate your house once in a while. It can be dull and mundane to live in the same house for decades and a simple renovation process can make your house look exciting. You can hire a professional renovator or a contractor to do your house renovation and finding them can be fairly easy too. However, you will have to have a good budget if you are going to hire a professional service provider. If you don’t have enough savings or if you want to save money, you can renovate your house all by yourself!
There are hundreds of guides and tutorials about house renovations and you can follow them to have an idea about these projects. It is very important to educate yourself about these processes before starting one. However, there are some things that you should not try all by yourself. For instance, if you meddle with your domestic wiring system, you will have to contact an emergency electrician Sutherland Shire to get it fixed. So stay away from danger when you start your renovation project.Once you have a good knowledge about house renovations, you can start planning your budget. It is very important to buy reliable equipment and material even though they are not cheap. Buying high end equipment or materials will be an investment in the long run. Always go to well reputed dealers and authorized retail shops. Once you have everything you need, you can focus on starting your project.Start with simple tasks first such as arranging your belongings and repainting walls etc.
If your wirings are old, you should hire a well experienced electrician to rewire your house. Once those systems are repaired, you can start renovating your walls. You can consider changing wall colors or changing compartments by breaking down walls. However, always make sure to be safe. It is important to have all required safety gear before starting your project.Even though it is not impossible to renovate a house as a DIY project, it can be a little difficult than you expect. If you have doubts, educate yourself first. Carry out a thorough research if you don’t have enough knowledge or exposure to these kind of projects. You can watch tutorial videos about house renovations or talk to professionals. And if you have doubts even after consulting professionals, it is better to hire a qualified renovator.
Essential cleaning is necessary to keep the drainage system clean and to the point. A drainage tank can be blocked by the presence of the foreign objects, hairs, soap waste, food waste and more. If you left your drainage system unclean, you will happen to experience more issues either sooner or later. At the same time, you cannot repair the drainage tank yourself in your hectic schedule. This is where you need to hire the drainage tank cleaning company. If you do, the company will come and clean your drainage tank and make it usable with no issues. There are many drain cleaning companies are there to hire, among that you have to hire the company that gets hold of necessary tools and systems to clean the drainage tank. Without the tools, cleaning the drainage tank is no more possible. The drainage cleaning company is available on round the clock basis, so you can hire the drainage cleaning company at any time any day. According to your needs, you can hire the drainage cleaning company either regularly or once in three months or yearly. The point is that, you have to hire the best company to clean your drainage system to the point.
The drain cleaning company should be hired for some reasons. Let us discuss why you should hire the drainage cleaning company for cleaning your drain tank.
You can save your time that you spend on cleaning your drainage tank. It is really hard affording a portion of time in your busy schedule to clean the drainage tank. At the same time if you hire the company, you do not have to spend your precious time.
You can enjoy the professional and quality cleaning if you hire the drainage cleaning company. As you all know that, you cannot do the cleaning as like a professional does. The professional cleaners will first examine the issues and then provide precise cleaning to ensure a neat and clean work.
It is needless to mention that, the drainage cleaning company uses chemicals to protect your drain from causing diseases and other health issues. The company knows what chemicals to be used where to prevent the health issues that your drainage tank may cause in the near future.Do not think that, cleaning the blocked drains is expensive, it is not like that. You can find out the companies that offer effective drain cleaning at a reasonable cost; you can choose that kind of companies to save some cost.
If your home is very old and if you have not had it renovated in a while, you might be due for a renovation and some work because when houses are not refurbished and renovated from time to time, they tend to weaken in structure and this can be rather dangerous for you and your family who live in the house. It is important that you start putting away some money for the house from the first day you build it so that you will be able to spend that money on getting it checked and upgraded every few years. The money you collect, even if it is a little money every month would suffice to have your home checked and it will also collect interest when it is in the bank.
You will need to hire a structural engineer to check your home and the structure to make sure that it is still in great condition and you will also need to hire an electrician to come in and check all of the electrical wires to make sure they are still safe and in good condition. You will also need to have a plumber check all of your water lines. You might not have seen signs of weakness or a broken pipe but it might still be there because usually, these things do not start to show signs until they are much worse.
If you need to have things like reliable air conditioning repairs done, this might be the right time to get everything done because if you procrastinate, it will never really get done. It is important that you make a list of all the things that you need to get done and get it all sorted out at the same time.It is important that you get this done at least every five years or that you get it checked by a professional structural engineer every year at least. You will usually not find a lot of serious problem every time that you check your home but it is still need to have it checked just in case. Many home owners make the mistake of waiting until some signs of weakness appear. Usually when signs of weakness start to appear, it means that things have already gotten bad and it can often mean that it is dangerous. It will also cost you a lot of money to fix things once they have gotten bad and therefore, it is important that you get things done early.
Every once in a while, you will have to go through major issues concerning clogged drains. It is important that you focus on all the right ways to deal with these issues in the ideal ways so that the clog will be taken away for good and that there will be no potential risk of any clogs for a long time. There are many causes that will bring about clogged drains. You need to be aware of all the reasons and make sure that you avoid the chance of a clogged drain. Once you are already dealing with a clogged drain, regardless of the cause, it is important that you look into the ideal solution.
Even though there are no issues in the drain that will cause effective blocks, there might be minor clogs which might develop into serious clogs that might even burst the pipes due to high pressure, bring about water and sewage overflows and many other difficulties. The right ways to assure that you are safe from all these down comings is to assure that you gain the services of drain cleaning Melbourne every once in a while, to free the drains from any clogs. When you gain these services, you will be free from issues in the drainage for a long period of time.
There may be clogs building up in the drains and you can’t be sure when or where you will have to deal with these issues. There might be a sudden break down in the appliances or there might be unexpected blocks or overflows in the kitchen and bathroom. You need to know what needs to be said and done so that you can get the situation under control. The first thing that you need to do is to call an expert for plumbing Elwood services. You can learn more about these services here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plumber.
When you know what needs to be said and done to deal with the issues in drains and the pipes of the house and the water flow, you can simply live a worry-free life. It is important that you pay attention to the water flow. If you see that the water flow is slowing down, it might be a message of a clog in the drain.
Most of the water flow issues happen due to not paying attention to the water flow so that any issue can be avoided in advance. When you give attention to the drainage system, you will be able to find the right solutions before major damages are caused.
When it comes to deck building, there are several reasons that one should consider. People expand their deck or courtyard for several reasons. Firstly, they do want to enhance their living space. Secondly, when the weather is fine, you would want to have an open space where you can sit and relax with your family and close friends.
Always ensure that you get in touch with quality patio builders Perth for this process. There are some very crucial reasons that one should consider before they start building a deck. Remember the functions that it would serve you. Also, most vitally, what is the purpose behind building it?
When you contemplate about these points you will start to plan properly when building patios. Your deck should not only look beautiful, but should also at the same time be functional. If you want to do this yourself, or even if you are calling a professional builder for this work, they will first need to have a good look at your space. It would however be ideal to call for a reliable builder to get the job done proficiently.
The first thing that needs to be taken into consideration when getting a deck built is to work out the area where it needs to be built. For this, they will require to consider the shape, size and location. They will also have to consider the neighbouring landscape of the deck. There would probably be a few features which would not be important for you, but would be vital for others. This is why do consider opinion of your family members too before the building process starts. A few other important factors to consider are:
Do you want to create the deck in a conventional location? Will you be able to easily and comfortable access the deck from your house? Are there any existing door or wall which should be removed?
2. Direction What is the direction of your residence? The reason why this point is important is that if your deck faces the sun you would want to find other ways of getting shielded from the rays of the sun. Else, you will not be to utilise your deck in full potential. A reliable builder would ask you to slot in lattice barriers. Not only you will get a good amount of shade, but also enjoy cool winds.
This is vital. Do ensure that your deck does offer complete privacy from your neighbours and roadside onlookers.
Wood is one of the most commonly used materials. But there are other materials to consider, and this should depend on the kind of weather you have. You could also opt for recycled plastic materials.
You should already be aware of the fact that most people recommend you to get a proper home inspection done before you consider buying a new house. But why is an inspection so important? The answer itself isn’t really a straightforward one, so it might help you to understand what kind of benefits you can enjoy from doing an inspection compared to buying a home without getting one done beforehand.
First of all, we cannot discuss home inspections without at least mentioning that it will ensure that your newly purchased home is safe for living and settling in. An inspection will ensure that there will be no major faults of defects in a home’s wiring and electrical systems, plumbing, heating and ventilation systems, the walls, slate roofing, garage and the home’s structure itself. It can help you uncover hidden defects that will escape untrained eyes. Even if there are no major flaws inside a home, an inspection might still reveal a few minor defects that you would otherwise not get to know for a long time to come.Since an inspection allows you to detect major problems and defects in a home, it can also be helpful to assess the condition and what kind of short term and long term repairs you may need to carry out after settling in. Thus, it allows you to properly set your budget for such repairs in advance, allowing you to save some money beforehand. This will avoid in having to delay such repairs due to a severe lack of funds.
Another major advantage of carrying pre-purchase inspections is that you can use the inspection as a contingency plan when making up your offer. This will allow you to easily back out of the offer if any major defects are found during the inspection process, ensuring that you don’t end up with an improperly maintained home that requires a lot of work just to last for a few more years. Check this webpage to find out more reviews regarding slate roofing.
Of course, a contingency plan will only allow you to completely back out from the offer without penalty if the defects are pretty severe in nature (such as a severely leaking roof in need of major slate roof repairs Eastern Suburbs), or if they are not fixable without investing a significant amount of money.Even if you won’t be able to use your contingency plan to back out, you can still benefit from carrying out a repair and detecting problems. It can be used as a way to bring down the price of the property, thus allowing you to haggle the price without issues. As a result of this, you might be able to get away with purchasing the home for a lot lower than the price that was originally advertised, particularly if the seller is in urgent need of selling his or her property.
If you are planning to remodel the toilet area in your home, it can comprise of small changes or elaborate ones. The outcome is usually to make this space look more inviting and fresh. There are simple or elaborate ways you could plan or get help from professionals to get the right design for a new private space in your home.
When it comes to planning a bathroom renovations project, the changes can be varied. For instance, fixtures could look dated and you might want to change the toilet, the tub, sink and more. Again, if the tiles of the floor or the walls look cracked or old, you might consider replacing the same. Many homeowners wish to have a modern shower unit installed, which are ready made units which can be installed with a few changes. In certain cases ventilation changes also need to be done in order to increase lighting options in such an area.
Structural changes to useIf you have the budget for it and wish to have a larger bathroom space, this is not impossible as a bathroom renovations http://www.bathroomconnection.com.au/mornington-peninsula/ project. You would need to have an expert contractor come in who would be knowledgeable about the building codes that apply before they start knocking down walls in order to expand your bathroom space. You can add a dressing area to the enlarged bathroom space as well as have more room to have separate shower and toilet area in the same room.
Nowadays there are different designs of fixtures and vanities available which can help create an updated look for your bathroom. For instance, if you have age old sinks and toilets, you can get them replaced by more modern designs. Minimalist and modern designs also help to open up floor space considerably. There are other options in terms of hand rails, toilet racks and shelves that can be put in place of large cabinets that tend to take up a lot of space and make a bathroom look cluttered. The above ideas in bathroom changes can help you get started on such plans. It is best to refer to an expert if you are planning a bathroom makeover. You can have as small or detailed a change as you wish or budget for. Once you have discussed the plans for remodeling, a bathroom remodeling expert can help you arrive at the right budget for the project. Nowadays, many vanity brands also offer support for new ideas and implementation as well when you shop for vanity ware from them.
Regardless of the amount of effort you put into decorating your home or the large amounts of cash you used up on creating a perfect environment, sometimes as the years go by your personality tends to change as well as new trends and styles come into the picture. Due to the above mentioned factors, it is highly likely that you will feel the desire to change things up in your home from time to time.
If you’re someone who is experiencing this desire and is about to get started with a home improvement project of your own, the tips and information that we have provided below will go a long way in helping you to revamp and remodel your home. Read this article to gather ideas about a stylish and modern floor covering that is durable.
One of the biggest factors that affect the look of your home is the layout of the space which includes everything from the type of flooring that you have installed to the way in which your pieces of furniture are arranged. You can change things up by starting with the arrangement of all of your electrical equipment and furniture items. In order to figure out what works best for your space, take some time and get the help of a friend to help you with moving things around. Move the items around and pick the best arrangement that pleases and satisfies you. If you find the arrangement to be good, it is likely that your guests will too.
When it comes to flooring, there are so many quick fixes now such as quick step livyn and you do not have to go the conventional way that takes up quite some time in order to get timber flooring Melbourne work done in your home.
If you are decorating the same space for the second time around, it is very likely that you put in a lot of effort and dedicated a large sum of money to buying expensive furniture so if you can’t afford to do the same this time around, do not fret because you will be able to find some of the trendiest and eccentric pieces of furniture at your towns thrift shops.
Thrift shopping is also an extremely environmentally friendly alternative to purchasing brand new furniture. Thrift shopping creates a decline in the demand for furniture which directly impacts the number of trees that are being cut down on a daily basis to produce a grade furniture items and trees are very important in this day and age where air pollution and emission of green house gasses is creating issues such as global warming.
During history lessons in school, we learn that the earliest accounts of history we study today were verbal and that they only codified quite some time later. Epics such as The Iliad or the Ramayana fall into this category because within the obviously fictional accounts of kings, princes and wars are also details about the daily lives of people who lived thousands of years ago that are very valuable now.Why were these accounts written down?
Word of mouth is fun but it is highly inaccurate. No matter how hard we try to keep from deviating, oral transmission always ends up changed from speaker to speaker. The best evidence of this is the folk ballad. There are similar ballads all over a country but with certain lines, stanzas and characters changed to suit the local context. If you wanted something to be remembered authoritatively and flawlessly, then writing it down was the best thing to do. So instead of telling your crew the rules governing safety in your workspace, simply hand them a copy of your company’s safe work method statement that they can refer to for reliable information.
Human memory is hardly infallible and only stretches to certain limits. Therefore anything handed down orally is highly suspect. Writing it down preserves it as is for the future generations as well. If a company wishes to make safety a top priority in their work culture then they should add a electrical safe work method statement into its articles of incorporation because people will remember its original provisions better when they can refer to it anytime they want to refresh their memory. If the preservation of those rules were given to one or two people, the articles would not survive beyond a few months without much change. Remember Animal Farm? They wrote it down too and still faced extensive revisions.
When medicine men of the Amazon rainforest die without revealing their knowledge of the medicinal value of plants indigenous to the area, people mourn the loss of that knowledge because that knowledge was oral – and spans the length of a human life. If they do not pass it on it is lost when they die. Writing it down doesn’t just add to its authenticity and reliability, it also contributes to longevity. The stories of the great founders of the major religions of the modern world would have been lost long ago if the communities had not banded together to create tomes that would preserve that knowledge for the future. To this day, we look to the Bible, the Quran, the Torah, the Bagavad Gita and the Tripitaka for inspiration and uplifting.
When it comes to the interior design options that can be seen today, it would be clear to one that there would be so many options that would suit so many situations in an ideal manner. If you have the ability to choose such a design option in a proper manner, it would be evident that the choice that you make would bring in so many advantages to the place that you choose it for. Such a place could be a house, office or even somewhere else. In any case, it would be important to understand that the choices that you make would matter and you would need to take many factors into consideration in making such a choice. Among the many choices that you would have to make, there would be certain choices that would be highly impactful. The choices that you make with regard to the flooring of the premises would be such matters.
The choice that you make with regard to the flooring of the area would obviously have to depend on the area. Therefore it would do well for you to understand the area properly and to know how it would be used. There are so many flooring options in the modern world. It would be up to you to decide the best possible option for your floor. As an example, if you want to give your floor an elegant look that it timeless, you can go for the option of timber flooring. Even with timber flooring you would have to make certain choices such as going for a hardwood flooring Sydney or a laminate floor. It would do well to know the advantages of the choices that you are to make, and you would be able to find satisfaction when you have made the right choice.It is evident that the choice that you make on the supplier of the flooring material would play an important role when it comes to floors.
As an example. If you want to have a bamboo floor, there would be so many contractors that would be up for the job. You would only have to make the choice after considering factors such as the quality of the material, the reputation of the contractor and the rates into consideration. By taking these factors into consideration, it would be possible for you to make an ideal choice regarding the contractor to be chosen in your flooring matters. See this webpage to find out more info regarding bamboo floor.
Therefore it is important to understand that the floor would play a crucial role in the design of the house and it would be important to make the right choices regarding it.
Increasing the value of your home and making it stand out among all the other properties is not easy. However, with a few simple changes you can make your house seem more inviting to potential buyers. Here are some ways you can make your house more appealing.
Now that you’ve taken care of the exterior it’s time to show the buyers why they should buy your house. It is important for the walls to be painted in a colour which doesn’t diminish the size of a room since people would prefer having a larger rooms. This can be done by using light colours or by painting only one wall in a dark colour. This way any room will seem bigger and more open. Instead of overhead lighting which can be quite harsh you can place a few lamps on tables or in corners of the room to better diffuse the light.
Lamps will provide a soft glow to any part of a room making it seem cozier. It is crucial to perform all necessary repairs to the entire house. So fix any leaking faucets, chipped tiles, broken gutters, creaky doors, etc. The most important feature that people look for when buying a house is the number of bathrooms and bedrooms. Therefore if you have a spare room you can convert it into a bedroom. If you have the time, space and budget you can consider having an adjoining bathroom as well. For any existing adjoining bathrooms you need to consider having laundry renovations at Western Sydney. This way you can add a few unique features to your en suite that will set apart your house from the rest. All existing rooms and bathrooms should be cleaned. Bathroom renovations can be done to improve their quality.
Even if the interior of your house is in good condition it is also important to focus on the exterior as well. This is because the front of your house will be providing the first impression. Making a good first impression before a buyer enters the house will make them more open to the idea of purchasing it. Therefore keep the exterior of your house clean by painting the walls, mowing the lawn, trimming bushes and clearing the area of leaves. A tidy appearance will go a long way in making a good first impression.
If there is plenty of space available near your house you have the option of adding a garage https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bathroom. This way you can appeal to people who own vehicles and your also have a spare room which can be converted into a bedroom or office. This will be sure to improve the value of your house.
Many people dream big of being able to start their own restaurant but they believe that the only thing that is standing in the way of them and their dream is money. They believe that if they were to ever have money, they will be able to start a successful restaurant however; having money does not ensure a successful restaurant. Having a restaurant takes a lot of planning, strategizing and hours of work, often work that cannot be delegated because it is required that the owner himself does it.
If you have a dream of starting a restaurant, it is important that you start planning early. It does not matter if you have the money to do it or if you think it is a pipe dream because the more you plan, the closer you get to your dream. If you do all of this planning now, you will be ready to start your restaurant when and if you ever have the money immediately.
Another interesting fact is that the more real your dream seems, the more motivated you are going to be to reach your goal. The more you plan, the more likely it is that you will work harder to achieve your financial goals. You can start by knowing your numbers. You need to know for a fact how much money you are going to need to start your restaurant. Speak to a number of hospitality builders and find out from them what kind of money is involved with renovating a building to make it in to a restaurant. This is vital information and it is important that you focus on design and ambience when it comes to planning your restaurant.
A club construction in Sydney company should be able to give you a basic idea about the kind of money that you can expect to spend at the beginning when designing and getting your restaurant together.
If you wait until the day that you have enough of money to start planning for the restaurant, you will likely delay your dream by many more months or even years because of the excessive amounts of planning required. It is also important for you to envision the type of restaurant and the type of food you will have at the restaurant. You could either choose to have a relaxed restaurant with fast food where your target would be young people or a high end restaurant with five course meals for high end clientele. Your costs, your design and your plan will differ according to this.
Person’s happiness of living never depends on how big their house is. Around the world, people have different imaginations on different things. Every imagination is unique from each human to another, and that’s what makes your creation. There are number of designs a person can think of to build and they can be divided into different levels of imagination.
Houses have different names to be called like home, boutique house, mansion, apartment etc. Everyone wants a place to live and that place should be designed as they wish it to be, it’s a goal everyone crave to achieve. It can be modern or vintage. Many people say it as “My Dream House is going to be…” But today, it will not remain as a dream since there are people who can make it come true. They are known as architecturally designed homes http://www.cullenbg.com.au/our_story.html. People can have numerous reasons not to be happy with their current place of living. It’s never about the size, it’s about the design and quality of the house. Even though the house is one floor, 2 floors or apartment we can always make it luxurious. We have nothing to worry about when we make them realize our dreams and give the opportunity to them to create the dream house.
Small land or big everyone can build their house into the most comfortable and suited house, and it’s important for us to find trusted luxury home builders in Melbourne, as we can give them the full responsibility to bring your vision into reality even better than expected and keep all under control from the start until it’s end. They have the talents that go beyond construction, and they do an important job role and pair with the best professionals; Interior Stylists & Decorators, Setting Architects & Landscape Stylists, Architects & Construction Designers, Kitchenette & Bath Stylists, Specialty Service providers. You have to explain your dream plan to them so that they can understand everything in detail and explain you what they are going to do to produce a great outcome that you will be surprised and happy.
It’s not always easy to find the best, experienced and trusted builder’s, since it’s a huge duty taken so some people can take this as an advantage and fool you to get the money first and say we will get all of it done and disappear so search through your friends and family who made their reality a success, online, visit companies that is famous for building and advertisements. Look through their history and see their work done till now, they say “Experience is the best teacher”. Find whether they hold a warranty after they build the house to be reliable if you find defects after moving-in. If they are famous and experienced they will always keep you impressed and make your dream house a reality sticking to your budget.
Once i lastly felt cozy that he could cope with my full finger, I went forward and sank it in so far as I could.
The next several sessions have been form of the identical, aside from each time I acquired my finger just a little additional into him. It had been form of sweet in a means.
As i operate my way inside Garry, from time to time i detect that he is starting to take pleasure in it (hardening penis) and so i hold a whip rearby to whack it (outdated nurses trick) -this is sufficient for almost any budding erection to wilt.
Soon after slowly but surely working my fingers alongside the underside of Garrys's flacid cock in excess of a dozen periods, each time leading to much more precum to leak out a glob of white semen will gradually emerge through the suggestion and drip onto a towel. Garry will demonstrate no signal of pleasure, just continuing to breath greatly.
If You're not snug using your fingers to milk your spouse, most adult bookstores sell toys for this purpose. Even if using a milking machine It really is extremely crucial that you implement lots of lube. Milking releases much more seminal fluid than an organism when the prostate isnt immediately stimulated.
So, I took the advice of the report that I experienced study and let Just about two months go by with no permitting him cum, some light-weight teasing sessions here and there but no cum. A pleasant load was waiting around for being milked away from his balls.
A horizontal rod handed ideal earlier mentioned her from where by she was standing. Swiftly she lifted her arms and cuffed her left hand into the cuffs dangling through the rod. She recurring the treatment for her other hand. Following that, she waited for Rekha.
Given that that is away from the way, slightly track record info click here on how we acquired thus far in our lives.
After a several failed tries of seeking to get any place in close proximity to his ass, a gradual, methodical hand-task is exactly what did the trick. I waited until he was good and sensitive, which he typically is right after a few days of teasing, after which I obtained to work.
Our sex everyday living was also quite "vanilla" and regular. The kinkiest we at any time received was when he slapped my ass a couple of situations after we were having sex doggie-design, but that was over it.
It accustomed to take a while to find that "sweet location" of arousal, usually a few days of continuous teasing, but I have discovered a way that is a lot much less function for me and appears to perform miracles on preserving him in that regular condition of arousal. It is called a prostate milking.
To look at this video remember to help JavaScript, and take into account upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 online video
The Solar peeks in the windows and causes Madhu to awaken. She remains about the mattress for a couple of minutes. Then she will get up and puts on the robe within the night stand and goes to the bathroom.
Occasionally we send out updates related to technology, marketing, and strategy. We won't spam you or share your email.
If you have a service you believe we would be interested in we would like to hear about it, but we don’t want to be bothered. Please use the contact form to send a brief introduction. We will respond if we are interested in the service you are offering. If we don’t respond, we are not interested. Any phone calls from solicitors will be billed at $1,000 per minute. Thank you.
Pickles Lotus Rootlets from Cock. Lotus root is another local Thai vegetable. Pickled lotus rootlet can be cooked for curries and stired-fried with choice of meat. Ingredients : Lotus rootlets, water, salt, citric acid sodium benzoate. Net Weight 16.0 oz. Product of Thailand.
Disclaimer: The product description on this site is obtained from the product label made by the product manufacturer. On occasion manufacturer may alter their ingredient lists, sizes, or package. Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our Web site. We can not ensure or guarantee the accuracy of any descriptions. If you have questions about the ingredient(s) for this product, please contact us via the contact page. (More)
Disclaimer: The product description on this site is obtained from the product label made by the product manufacturers. On occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists, sizes, or package. Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our Web site. We can not ensure or guarantee the accuracy of any descriptions. If you have questions about the ingredient(s) for this product, please contact us via the contact page.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product. Content on this site is for reference purposes and is not intended to substitute for advice given by a physician, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional. You should not use this information for self-diagnosis or for treating a health problem or disease. Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem. Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition. GroceryThai.com assumes no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products. (Less)
About five years ago the first thoughts of further development of our risk management systems surfaced, and now, on October 1, 2018, we have taken the final step in the restructuring of our mathematical fund models. After changing the procedures in the other funds we have redefined the decision-making for the selection and sale of stocks in our first fund – the GWPFONDS will be twenty-five years old on November 2, 2018...
The G&W-HDAX-Trendfonds only purchases the 33 stocks from the DAX, MDAX and TecDAX with the strongest trends. There is also a well-thought-out risk management
In our market commentary for the third quarter of 2017 we discussed our thoughts on dealing with bonds and the maturity management strategies at the end of a long term downtrend in interest rates. The first strategies have already been adjusted. There will be a detailed explanation in our market commentary at the end of March 2018.
Markets are places of interaction where market participants set the prices of liquid assets, and as always, in the first half of 2017 they fulfilled this purpose. Most stocks have become more expensive since the start of the year...
Where are the markets? This is a question with a clear answer. At the end of the first quarter 2017 the DAX Index was at 12,312.87 points. This answer, even though it is exact to within two decimal places, does not seriously answer the real question behind where the market presently is. Markets always deal with the future.
The AIRC Best of U.S. shows that trend-following models are able to achieve strong performances even in very difficult markets.
The key is diversification. It is not an unknown. Everyone uses it, but so far no one has used the key with which we have opened a new door together with AIRC. We have taken the stock market risk management (an average of the developments in all stocks) and used it for the risk management of each individual stock in a market.
DIE STIFTUNG: In the fall of 2016 Grohmann & Weinrauter will be celebrating an anniversary. 25 years ago two people who shared a common concept founded their own independent firm. Looking back on it, what are their thoughts?
A test honours the best private asset managers and their house funds with the award “Outstanding Asset Management”. Grohmann & Weinrauter was included.
Market expert Martin Weinrauter gives us insights into asset allocation for foundations, and we can tell you this much: first comes the strategy, then the instruments.
We read them and they sound good, but sometimes doubts creep in if these core competencies are really a daily reality, or only just an idea from a marketing agency.
Many investors have had the thought “if only I had…” run through their minds. They should not worry, because there is a solution. Best-of-two funds such as the AIRC Best of U.S. make it possible to have been invested in the best asset class, seen from after the fact.
Interview by Delef Glow with Thomas Grohmann and Martin Weinrauter at the presentation of the Lipper Fund Awards to G&W in March, 2014.
"We are successful as asset managers because our customers achieve their investment goals even in times of crisis."
Using off-the-shelf products to build an investment portfolio often produces only indifferent returns. Individualized service leads to much better results.
The interest rates on German government bonds do not even compensate for inflation, but there is still a huge demand for them. Asset manager Martin Weinrauter explains why investors are so crazy that they voluntarily give away their money.
“Markets and football have things in common”, says Martin Weinrauter from fund managers Grohmann & Weinrauter. €uro fondsexpress spoke with this trend-follower.
Trend following models use the long term price moves in the markets and have something which causes many investors difficulty: discipline and patience.
Get the leverage higher! A small mixed fund always decides between stocks and the bond market. This works well – because the defensive and offensive components are well tuned to each other.
Limit losses and let the profits run? Easier said than done. Some trend-followers manage this quite well. They master the game of gas and brakes.
“...The Warburg Trend Allocation Plus with its very high volatility is certainly not the universal cure for all investment strategies…. With a gain of 60.2% it beats the average of all flexible mixed funds (+18.8%) by miles.”
imi-conclusion: ... considering the convincing fund management, the long experience and the low costs we consider the fund suitable as a core investment for investors.
The trend is your friend - particularly in times of acitve markets trend-funds following this motto achieve good performance with comparatively low risk. Thomas Grohmann and Martin Weinrauter, Managing Directors of the asset manager Grohmann & Weinrauter and the investment advisors for the trend-funds at Warburg Invest, hold this view.
In spite of the debt crisis in southern Europe and in the USA it is still possible to find government bond funds which bring good returns, because they only invest in the most creditworthy issues and in liquid markets. An example is the Warburg-Euro-Renten-Trendfonds. . . . Investors who fear rising inflation and interest rates have an investment alternative. Then rising interest rates and falling bond prices are not an irritation with the WARBURG-BUND-TREND active short-FONDS, but a blessing. They bring price gains.
Bund funds are threatened with losses when interest rates rise, because then the bond prices will be falling. Issuers are considering various strategies to avoid negative yields. from Julia Groth
The name says it all! The fund name makes it clear what this is all about: from September 9, 2010 onwards the new Warburg fund goes actively short on a trend following basis. Link to the Blog.
Since May 18, 2010 the WARBURG-TREND ALLOCATION PLUS-FONDS has a five year real track record, and this gives a good opportunity to consider an interesting fund strategy with the benefit of hindsight.
The fifth anniversary of the first price fixing of our W-ER-T FONDS is a welcome opportunity to consider the question if it makes sense for investors today to invest in a fund whose investment universe consists of government bonds.
Farseeing strategic approach pays off during disastrous crisis or how to face successfully the Black Swan (see below)
A perfect takeoff: The WARBURG-TREND ALLOCATION PLUS-FONDS soared 11 % since start of management on June 3, 2005. More details
Yields on European government bonds are historically low. Bloomberg TV spoke with Grohmann & Weinrauter about solutions and innovative strategies for bond market investors
© grossstadtrevier.info. All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual portrayal of actual or simulated sexually explicit conduct appearing on, or otherwise contained in, this site were over the age of 18 years.
Liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked are you hungry bearded dragon mating behaviour picture picture
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012
Before joining us in January 2008, Scott worked as a financial controller at a manufacturing company for 8 years. He has achieved the Certified Financial Planner (CFP®), Certified Management Accountant (CMA) Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) and Certified Professional Accountant (CPA) designations.
Alot of hype is reaching my ears about Beyonce being back and her new songs, and this chatter IS NOT from people outside the 'Family'. There is alot of controversy that I can stir up, so I won't be saying much, because I want no one missing the point/ debating loopholes. In one song, she talks about how good it feels being single, and in the NEXT LINE: "Don't be afraid to explore my body, Take off your clothes, get naughty."
If you don't understand the contradiction... go talk to your Daddy.. the One in Heaven (you know, the one to who you usually pray "hallowed by thy name"). I don't even feel like saying anything else on this, because in my anger I may sin.
There is a difference between a wife and a [single woman]. The unmarried woman cares about the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit.
Seven {7} is the pH of water & salt in their PUREST FORMS -- both are hard to find BUT powerful once discovered. We believe this also applies to the life of a Jesus disciple: the world is dying to meet you in your PUREST, MOST POTENT FORM.... What's your pH?!
13"You are the salt of the earth, but if salt has lost its taste, how shall its saltiness be restored? It is no longer good for anything except to be thrown out and trampled under people’s feet.
1) I am aware that the term Christian is used liberally these days, but for this blog, it means: a disciple that follows Christ in love and OBEDIENCE. All others need not apply or be offended (1 John 2:3-6 :-).
2) I am judging, so that I will be judged; so feel free to return the favor. I only judge those in the body and try to use the Word as the reference, so I only ask the same (1 Cor 5:12).
3) I am not always right. So I am always open to correction and discussion that is backed up by the INFALLIBLE WORD. Let any words used be in Spirit (Gal 5:22) and in Truth (2 Tim 3:16), so that we may provoke each other towards the pure and salty remnant that God left us here to be..... holiness is never outdated (1 Pet 1:16).
Ramstein Dorms provides Ramstein AB and Kapaun AS dorm residents with a convenient and reliable method to contact the DRC, submit work orders, and be up-to-date with any dorm related issues. One of the problems that we are facing is that airmen are not reporting dorms issues to the DRC in a timely manner, by providing this app, airmen will be able to describe their problem with a push of a button. ***Features*** * Repair Request: Send an email to the DRC org box, describing your request. * Room Lockout: Instructions on gaining access to your room after losing your key. * Ask an ADL: Send an email to the DRC org box. * Ramstein AB: Information regarding DRC, Dfac, Postal Office, and Gym. * Kapaun Air Station: Information regarding DRC, Dfac, Postal Office, and Gym. * Base Shuttle/Taxi: Information about Base Shuttle/Taxi routes and times. * 86th Force Support: Current events and announcements from the 86 FSS. * Useful Information: Speed dial to Emergency and other helpful numbers. * DRC Notifications: Stay up-to-date with notifications affecting your dorms from the DRC. *** Feedback *** Your feedback is important to us, please email help.forcemobilestudios@gmail.com or visit www.forcemobilestudios.com to provide your feedback.
Iron-catalyzed three-component tandem process: a novel and convenient synthetic route to quinoline-2,4-dicarboxylates from arylamines, glyoxylic esters, and alpha-ketoesters 期刊论文
Improved Method for the Extraction and Determination of Bromophenols in Seafoods by High-Performance Liquid Chromatography with Fluorescence Detection 期刊论文
The binding mode of a porphyrin dimer to double stranded native DNA was investigated in this study using normal electric absorption, circular dichroism (CD) and linear dichroism (LD) spectroscopies. At the time of mixing, the spectral properties of the porphyrin dimer upon its association with DNA were characterized by hypochromism and a red shift in the absorption spectrum and by complicated CD and negative LD in the Soret region. As time elapsed, the CD spectrum became a negative single band and the negative LD signal increased. These spectral changes suggested that the majority of both porphyrin moieties of the dimer intercalated between the DNA base-pairs. The changes in the spectral characteristics of the DNA bound porphyrin-dimer were similar when the minor groove of DNA was saturated by 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI), which is well-known minor groove binding molecule. The spectral properties of DAPI, which can be summarized by a large positive induced CD in the DAPI absorption region (300 similar to 400 nm) and wavelength-independent positive reduced LD, remained intact when the porphyrin dimer was present. These observations indicated that both DAPI and porphyrin bind to DNA simultaneously, and furthermore, the bis-intercalation of the porphyrin dimer occurs in the major groove.
The services offered on this website (“Services”) and provided by Gold Line Telemanagement Inc. (Gold Line) are subject to the following Terms and Conditions. By visiting this website (Website”) You (“You” or the “User”) accept these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of Gold Line’s Privacy Policy which are incorporated herein by reference, and agree to be bound by them. If You do not agree to these terms, then please do not use the Gold Line Website. Gold Line reserves the right to change or amend these Term and Conditions or Privacy Policy at any time and to notify You by posting an updated version of the Term and Conditions on this Website. The amended Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy, as the case may be, shall be effective immediately upon posting.
(a)	Intellectual Property Rights. The Services and any information and content including but not limited to any software programs, music, sound, photographs, video, graphic or other materials available on or through the Website (collectively, the "Contents") are owned by Gold Line and/or its licensors and are protected by applicable domestic and international copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. You are strictly prohibited from and shall not record, copy, distribute, publish, perform, modify, download, transmit, transfer, sell, license, reproduce, create derivative works from or based upon, distribute, post, publicly display, frame, link, or in any other way exploit any portion of the Contents, in whole or in part. Any rights not expressly granted to You are reserved. Any violation of copyright laws may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
(b)	Limited License. Gold Line grants You a limited license to use the Services only as permitted herein and subject to these Terms and Conditions. As a condition of your use of the Contents, You agree not to use the Contents for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. The Contents are provided for personal use only. Any unauthorized commercial use of the Contents, or the resale of the Contents, is expressly prohibited. You also agrees to abide by all applicable local, provincial, federal, state, national and international laws and regulations and is solely responsible for all acts or omissions that occur under your account or password, including the content of your transmissions through the Contents used.
(c)	Theft or Unauthorized Use of Service. You shall not use or obtain the Service in any manner that is contrary to or avoids Gold Line policies and procedures, including in an illegal or improper manner. You shall notify us immediately, in writing or by calling our customer support line, if you become aware at any time that your Service is being stolen, fraudulently used or otherwise being used in an unauthorized manner. When you call or write, you must provide your account number and a detailed description of the circumstances of the fraudulent use or unauthorized use of Service. Failure to do so in a timely manner may result in the disconnection of your Service and additional charges to you. Until such time as we receive notice of the theft, fraudulent use or unauthorized use, you will be liable for all stolen, fraudulent or unauthorized use of the Service. Gold Line reserves all of its rights at law and equity to proceed against anyone who uses the Services illegally or improperly.
(d)	Prohibitions. You agree that You will not alter, modify, adapt, create derivative works, translate, deface, decompile, disassemble or Reverse Engineer the Software, or attempt to do so, or permit, acquiesce, authorize or encourage any other party to do the same. For the purpose of this Agreement, “Reverse Engineer” includes any act of reverse engineering, translating, disassembling, decompiling, decrypting or deconstructing (including any aspect of “dumping of RAM/ROM or persistent storage”, “cable or wireless link sniffing”, or “black box” reverse engineering) data, software (including interfaces, protocols and any other data included in or used in conjunction with programs that may or may not technically be considered software code), service, or hardware or any method or process of obtaining or converting any information, data or software from one form into a human-readable form.
(e)	Geographical and Other Restrictions. Gold Line may, from time to time, based on local laws or otherwise, update these Terms and Conditions to provide limitations on the countries and/or carrier networks in or on which the Contents may be installed and/or used.
(a)	Third-Party Content and Websites. The Website may contain links to websites that are not owned or controlled by Gold Line. Gold Line assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or other practices of third-party websites. You are encouraged to read the terms and other policies of such websites. By using the Website, You agree that Gold Line shall not be liable in any manner due to your use of any third-party contents or website. In addition, Gold Line will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Website, You expressly relieve Gold Line from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
(b)	Transmission of Personal Data. You acknowledge and agree that by providing Gold Line with any personal or proprietary user information through the Website, You consent to the transmission of such personal or proprietary user information over international borders as necessary for processing in accordance with Gold Line's standard business practices. You should be aware that Linked Websites may contain transmission of personal data provisions that differ from the provisions provided herein. Gold Line is not responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such provisions.
(d)	Registration and Account. When registering your account, You must provide accurate and complete information as requested, including a valid email address.
(e)	Username/Password. Gold Line may issue You a username and/or password or other means for access to certain portions of, or services provided via the Website. You must hold and secure any such information as strictly confidential. Accordingly, You shall not allow friends, family, business associates or other persons access to or use of such username or password. Gold Line shall not be responsible whatsoever in the event that your password is misappropriated by a third party. You must notify Gold Line immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Although Gold Line will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, You may be liable for the losses incurred by Gold Line or others due to such unauthorized use. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Website is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Website may be subject to prosecution.
(f)	Use of "Cookie" File Features. Gold Line reserves the right to store information on a user's computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file for purposes of modifying the Website to reflect users' preferences. The Gold Line Privacy Policy provides additional information regarding Gold Line' use of cookies.
(g)	Downloads. All content and software (if any) that is made available to view and/or download in connection with this site, excluding content and/or software that may be made available by end-users through a communication service, ("Software") is owned by and is the copyrighted work of Gold Line and/or its suppliers and licensors and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of the software license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement"). You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless You first agree to the License Agreement terms. In the event that any Software is not accompanied by a license agreement, it shall be governed by these terms and conditions. You further agree that You will not download any content or software without complying with all applicable use controls, laws and regulations, and You warrant that You will not download any content or software where such downloading is prohibited by local laws.
(h)	Use of Personal Contact Information Provided. Gold Line may use the personal contact information collected from you (email address, telephone number of postal address) to contact you for customer service and survey purposes. We may also use your contact information to send you marketing or promotional materials. You may opt out of receiving promotional and/or marketing materials by following the “Unsubscribe” link once you receive the first such communication from Gold Line.
(a)	Pricing. Pricing for long distance services is as set forth on the Website and is subject to change from time to time. No notice of price changes will be given other than updating the prices on the Website.
(b)	Registration After purchase of products or services of Gold Line, You must complete the registration process by providing current, complete and accurate information as required in the Registration Form in order to avoid problem of credit card abuse and fraudulent activities. Furthermore, You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under the purchased product or service.
(c)	Payment. Gold Line accepts major credit cards including, Visa and MasterCard. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases with Gold Line. Please be sure to provide the exact e-mail address, telephone number and the billing address your credit card bank has on file for you. Incorrect information may cause a delay in processing your order. Gold Line does not accept cash as a form of payment.
(d)	Taxes. You are responsible for, and shall pay any applicable federal, provincial/state, municipal, local or other governmental sales, use, excise, and other taxes, fees and charges now in force or enacted in the future, that arise from or as a result of YOur subscription or use or payment for the Service. Such amounts are in addition to payment for the Service and will be billed to your credit card. If You are exempt from payment of such taxes, You must will provide Gold Line with an original government-issued certificate attesting to tax-exempt status. Tax exemption will only apply from and after the date Gold Line receives such certificate.
(e)	Billing Disputes. Whether You have paid by credit or debit card, You must notify Gold Line in writing within seven (7) days after receiving your credit card statement or from the time funds are debited from your account if You dispute any Gold Line charges on that statement or that have been debited from your account, or such dispute will be deemed waived. Notification of all billing disputes shall be sent to Gold Line’s customer service from the Website.
(f)	Acceptance of Order. Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify Gold Line's acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Gold Line reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason whatsoever, with no liability whatsoever.
(a)	General. By using the Website and the Contents, You expressly agree that such use is at your sole risk. The Website and the Contents are provided on an "AS IS" and "as available" basis. Neither Gold Line nor its affiliated entities nor each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors or the like (collectively, "Affiliates") warrant that use of the Website or Contents will be uninterrupted or error-free or free from viruses, security breaches or the like. Neither Gold Line nor its Affiliates warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the Contents offered for sale on the Website. Gold Line makes no representation or warranty that the Contents in this Website are legal, appropriate or available for use in all geographic locations. Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws, if and to the extent such local laws are applicable.
(i) Indemnity.You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Gold Line and its Affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Website or Contents; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms and Conditions; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right. These defense and indemnification obligations will survive these Terms and Conditions and your use of the Contents or Website.
(a)	Notices.Notices by Gold Line to You may be given by means of a general posting at the Website. Notices (including questions, complaints, or legal notices) by You may be given by electronic messages or conventional mail, as follows: (i) Electronic mail (e-mail) must be sent to clientcare@goldline.net; (ii) Mail and courier deliveries must be sent to: Gold Line Telemanagement, Inc., 300 Allstate Parkway, Markham, . Ontario L3R 0P2, Canada.
(b)	Written Agreement.These Terms and Conditions constitute a written agreement between You and Gold Line. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions, and of any notice given in electronic form related to this agreement, shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings to the same extent, and subject to the same restrictions, as other business contracts, documents, or records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Furthermore, You hereby waive any and all defenses You may have based on the electronic form of these Terms and Conditions and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms and Conditions.
(c)	Entire Agreement.These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between You and Gold Line related to this Website. These Terms and Conditions supersede all prior written, oral, or electronic agreements between You and Gold Line relating to this Website.
(d)	Limitation of Cause of Action.You and Gold Line agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Services must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever barred.
(e)	Ability to Accept Terms of Service.You affirm that You are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. In any case, You affirm that You are over the age of 13, as this Website is not intended for children under 13. If You are under 13 years of age, then please do not use this Website.
(f)	Assignment.You may not assign your rights and obligations hereunder. However, Gold Line’s rights and obligations are fully assignable.
(g)	Modifications.Gold Line has the right to modify these Terms and Conditions and any policies affecting the Website. Any modification is effective immediately upon posting to the Website. Your continued use of the Website shall be conclusively deemed an acceptance of all such modification(s). Your only right with respect to any dissatisfaction with any modifications made pursuant to this provision, or any policies or practices of Gold Line in providing the Website, including without limitation (i) any change in the Content, or (ii) any change in the amount or type of fees associated with the Services, is to cancel your subscription in accordance herewith. Gold Line has the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Website or any portion thereof at any time. Gold Line may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Website without notice or liability.
(h)	Waiver and Severability.The failure of either party to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall continue in full force and effect.
(i)	Privacy Policy.It is Gold Line's policy to respect the privacy of our users. Please click on the "Privacy Policy" hypertext link located at the bottom of our Web pages to view our policy.
(j)	Access to Your User Account.You specifically agree that Gold Line may access your user account where necessary.
(k)	Termination or Discontinuance of Service by Gold Line.Gold Line may terminate your access to any part or all of the Services at any time. If Gold Line decides in its sole and absolute discretion for any reason whatsoever to do so, Gold Line’s total liability to You will be to refund the unused cost of the Services, but only if such termination was not as a result of a breach of these Terms and Conditions by You. If Gold Line terminates your subscription based on a breach of any portion of these Terms and Conditions, Gold Line reserves the right to refuse to provide Services to You in the future.
(l)	Termination by Customer.If You choose to terminate your Service prior to using all of your prepaid credit, You will be refunded the full amount of your unused credit with Gold Line. Please note however, that Gold Line can only process the refund on the last credit card used to purchase of the Services within the two year period immediately preceding the termination.
(m)	Violations.Gold Line reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms and Conditions, including but not limited to the right to block access from a particular Internet address to the Website. Furthermore, if we believe that you have used the Service for an unlawful purpose, we may forward the relevant communication and other information, including your identity, to the appropriate authorities for investigation and prosecution. You hereby consent to our forwarding of any such communications and information to these authorities. Gold Line reserves all of its rights at law and equity to proceed against anyone who uses the Services illegally or improperly.
(n)	Survival.The provisions of this Agreement relating to indemnification, limitations on liability, warranty limitations and disclaimers, resolution of disputes, billings and your obligation to pay for the Service provided and any additional usage charges, shall survive the termination of the Agreement and the termination of the Services.
(o)	Arbitration.Any dispute or disagreement of any kind between You and Gold Line shall be resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with the laws of the province of Ontario and the Arbitration Act (Ontario), which is deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause, as modified or supplemented under this Section. The arbitration tribunal shall consist of one arbitrator. The decision of the tribunal shall be final and binding and no appeal shall lie therefrom. The tribunal shall have the power to order one party to contribute to the reasonable costs and expenses of the other party, or to pay all or any portion of the costs of the arbitration, as the panel determines in its discretion. Note however, that before You take a dispute to arbitration or to small claims court, You must first contact our Customer Care Department representative at the customer service number on your Gold Line invoice for the Services, or write to us at the following address and give us an opportunity to resolve the dispute: Gold Line Telemanagement, Inc., 300 Allstate Parkway, Markham, ON L3R 0P2, Attention: Legal Department. You must describe your dispute and provide Gold Line with any supporting documentation. Likewise, if Gold Line has a dispute with You, it will notify You by letter sent to your billing address and attempt to resolve it before pursuing litigation or arbitration.
(p)	Governing Law/Forum Selection.These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario to contracts made and performed solely in the Province of Ontario, without regard to conflict of laws principles.
See why over 2,000,000 bloggers, web designers, marketing and SEO professionals and small business owners use Statcounter to grow their business.
Samsung GT-C3752 Workshop Repair Manual is a professional book in which you can get a better understanding of Triumph https://www.tradebit.coms Service Manual contains comprehensive instructions and procedures of high quality on how to fix the problems in ...
Available for a large range of devices but by far more stylish and elegant than the old phone sock, that is our Sleeve Bag. The fancy synthetic leather protects your electronic device from scratches and other damages. The slim design and soft material ...
This site is best viewed while logged in. 1. Disconnect all USB cables from your iPad. 2. Completely switch off your device. 3. Press and hold the Home key and connect your device to iTunes using the supplied USB cable. Your iPad should automatically turn ...
Say Hi to the next generation of ringtones: Vringo's awesome collection of video ringtones! Sign up with Vringo and get access to tons of FREE video ringtones ranging from music videos and video games, movie trailers, animation and funny clips!
Guaranteed brand new OEM Product which will work with your Micro USB Conection Device Supports 480-Mbps transmission speed This Cable Desing to used for C3752 Compatible with the most popular Devices that uses Micro USB or tablets such as the Samsung ...
Samsung has just announced a variant of its flagship Galaxy S5 called the Galaxy S5 LTE-A. The smartphone has a 5.1-inch QHD Super AMOLED display, with 1440x2560 pixels resolution and a pixel density of 576 ppi. The S5 LTE-A supports LTE-A speeds of up to ...
Samsung Ch@t 527 S5270 is a budget conscious messaging device that flaunts that all too characteristic portrait QWERTY form factor that we ve seen with its predecessors. This time around, it features a 2.4 QVGA display, quad-band GSM support, dual-band 3G ...
Spice Stellar Glide Mi-438 is a low cost Android smartphone, costing just Rs 5,199 (MRP Rs 6,249) at the time of writing. Though it is priced quite low, but it offers decent features including a 4 inch capacitive touchscreen, 1.3 Ghz dual core processor ...
Samsung C3752 is the smartphone from Samsung with 2.4 inches screen and the resolution of the screen is 240 x 320 pixels pixels. Phone was announced in 2011. Here we are taking about the features and specification of the phone Samsung C3752. This phone ...
æ æ æ Could touchscreens and keyboards become passe? P 28 ` Snapdragon contest does the new telecom policy deliver? P 24 Enter the HTC ONE V some cool apps to make your college life interesting P 26 twelve great phones that cost less than Rs 5,000 P 38 ...
... in the Indian market by announcing the launch of three new Dual SIM handsets which include Samsung Star II Duos (C6712), Metro DUOS (C3322) and Metro C3752. Announcing the launch, Mr. Ranjit Yadav, Country Head, Mobile & IT, Samsung Electronics stated ...
The Metro C3752, as the image below depicts comes in a slider design. Samsung claims that the Metro C3752 sports a 3 megapixel camera. The users of this phone, Samsung reveals, will be able to enjoy the same set of features, as far as multimedia goes ...
Find Samsung mobile phones price list in India 2011 with features and full specifications. Compare prices and specifications of the latest Samsung mobiles 2011. View photos, videos and reviews of Samsung mobile models and buy the Samsung mobile phone ...
There are n numbers of low cost new mobile phones launched into the market in the current age. From home companies to international companies, everyone is focusing on delivering the best handset to fulfil the requirements of the users. Most of them are ...
It has a 5.6 inch display with EDGE combined Bluetooth 2.1 device. Last on the list is the new Samsung Metro C3752, the Slider handset. The phone will sport in it a 3 Megapixel camera. The phone will surprisingly have all the features that Metro Duos offers.
Samsung has introduced three new dual-SIM phones for India namely, the Star II Duos C6712, Metro Duos C3322 and Metro C3752. These handsets have extended the company’s dual-SIM portfolio in the country to a total of no less than fourteen models.
The Samsung dual SIM phone offers direct access to social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and also to some instant messaging sites like Facebook Chat, Yahoo, GTalk and MSN. Last but not the least is the Metro C3752. This device is designed with ...
Injection moulder Invicta Group has claimed to have a created the world’s first rigid, food-safe products made from 100% recycled plastic bottles, lids and milk cartons. The Leicester-based firm said the products were the fruit of four years’ research ...
Samsung C3752 full specifications with in-depth details. The Samsung C3752 is a stylish Dual-SIM quad-band slider. It boasts a 3MP camera, Bluetooth 2.1 with EDR, and microSD card slot for up to 16GB additional memory.
The Samsung C3752 is a stylish Dual-SIM quad-band slider. It boasts a 3MP camera, Bluetooth 2.1 with EDR, and microSD card slot for up to 16GB additional memory. See the page for all specs.
Hard Reset SAMSUNG C3752 DuoS. First make sure, that your device is on. Then press this secret code: *2767*3855#; Wait until your phone is rebooting. If this was useful, please share to help others and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Google+. WARNING ! Hard Reset will erase all of your data. All described ...
The Samsung C3752 is a stylish Dual-SIM quad-band slider. It boasts a 3MP camera, Bluetooth 2.1 with EDR, and microSD card slot for up to 16GB additional memory. See ...
This short data transfer charging cable by ReadyPlug® for your Samsung C3752 provides fast data transfer and charging from any USB port.
Compare Samsung C3752 full specifications side by side. See the common features and the differences that make them better or worse.
You have landed here looking for Samsung C3752 Slider Mobile Phone. But the official name of the mobile phone happens to be Samsung C3752 ! Get all details of this ...
The stylish slider phone that will help you stay in touch and stay informed is Samsung C3752, Thanks to technology Samsung C3752 has everything you need to ...
From family to work colleagues to friends, the Samsung C3752’s refined look lets you connect with style. The Dual SIM option offers you double mobile power.
In order to read a PDF file, you must have Adobe Acrobat reader installed on your computer. You can download the latest version at the Adobe website.
Comparing an Ideal Samsung Battery with a Problematic Samsung Battery in ... Samsung Kies connects your mobile phone to your personal computer, making it ...
Page contains free download Samsung C3752 Duos Apps. mobile9 is an app store and more. Truly open, truly social. Millions of members are sharing the fun ...
The best price of Samsung Metro C3752 in India is Rs. . The price has been sourced from 9 online stores in India as on 2014 2nd May. The same price may be ...
This is the official Samsung C3752 User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for detailed technical specifications, please see our ...
The Samsung C3752 is a mid range phone with slider form factor. The phone also incorporate dual SIM feature and it lets you carry two different numbers ...
Set alert for Samsung Metro C3752 Price in India on 25 March 2014. Read Metro C3752 release date, specifications, Features, Reviews, news & many more on ...
We offer you to download free games for Samsung C3752 Metro Duos. Our system will select the most appropriate game files. To see all mobile games, click on ...
The Samsung C3752 is a stylish Dual-SIM quad-band slider. It boasts a 3MP camera, Bluetooth 2.1 with EDR, and microSD card slot for up to ...
If you want to unlock your Samsung SGH X660 mobile phone from the network lock,I would suggest you to get an unlock code from http://www.theunlockarena.com/samsung-sgh-x660/rs13wp9/ » at reasonable price.
Yes, you can do this with a PC data cable for the phone which will be available from all mobile phone stores and Ebay etc. This is what you are looking for: The software on the CD that comes with it will allow you to transfer photos from phone to computer ...
Whether you are on a cross-country road trip or the daily commute to the office, there is a lot of convenience to having clear visibility and fingertip access to your Samsung SGH-X660. The Gomadic Flexible Windshield Mount for the Samsung SGH-X660 will ...
Can this phone have mp3 files stored on it??? Hi i am new to this site and i was just wondering about this phone. Its a nice phone but i want to know that if it can recieve mp3 files?? At the moment i do not have very decent ringtones and if the phone was ...
This genuine Samsung hands free kit, is not only stylish but is built to a high specification. The earpiece has a moulded shape for a perfect fit and a gold plated plug for a perfect audio conection! The lanyard goes around your neck and can be used to ...
There are a few unlocking service providers, including your current mobile network, who can unlock your Samsung X660 for a small fee. Select your mobile network from the dropdown below to find the solution that best suits your needs. Then use the table ...
The Samsung X660 weighs only 78 grams, or 2.75 ounces, which makes it extremely lightweight. You can choose from either silver and black or red and black casings, and it provides 8 MB of memory storage. It includes a VGA 640x480-pixel camera, SMS messaging ...
A combination car and mains charger 2 piece pack. Comprises a compatible car charger for your mobile phone or PDA and a 3 pin UK 240V mains charger converter. Applications are available to suit virtually all makes and models. All car chargers supplied are ...
This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime ...
You bought for myself a new Android smartphone or tablet and want to extend receive functionality and root rights to Samsung SGH-X660? Site Androidgoroot tell how to do it, please read our instructions and watch the video support. Download the program Root ...
Sony Ericsson and Nokia captured the leading positions on Telia’s top-ten list of best-selling mobile phones in Telia’s retail stores during May. The list has changed only slightly since April. Sony Ericsson had the only new mobile handset for the ...
PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the ...
The eight handsets are the Sagem My-V56, Sony Ericsson K300i, Sharp GX17, Sharp GX25, Samsung X660, Motorola V360, Motorola Razr V3 and the Sharp GX40, which allows customers to download and play their favourite music. All the handsets are available from ...
We also have 2 Samsung ‘Snow-mobiles’ to give away. The Samsung X660 is a sleek, yet rugged handset ideal for skiers and boarders as it’s tri-band, features a camera with 4xdigital zoom and comes with a copy of “Slide” an exclusive 34 page colour ...
During the Google I/O conference this week, one of the presentations from Day 1 was on the subject of Google Chrome’s extension system. The long-awaited feature will finally deliver what Firefox and IE users have had for ages: a way to add more tools ...
To download these free wallpapers directly to your phone, please navigate your mobile phone to our mobile phone optimized pages at the address esato.mobi and download for free. Take a note of the wallpaper number and use it at the mobile site. Read more ...
This cellphone has 98% of the Samsung X660's looks and, beside some changes on the keypad and moving the brand name above the camera lens, the C600 is X660's lost twin brother. They didn't even add one single improvement to the design and, from the looks ...
Details of Samsung's first Chrome OS netbook escaped late Wednesday with a code page (since pulled) for Chromium OS. Codenamed Alex, it would have the same 1280x800 screen resolution as the Cr-48 but pack a significantly newer dual-core, 1.5GHz Atom N550.
During the Google I/O conference this week, one of the presentations from Day 1 was on the subject of Google Chrome's extension system. The long-awaited feature will finally deliver what Firefox and IE users have had for ages: a way to add more tools ...
Orange has teamed up with Samsung to create the Snow-Mobile. You get a Samsung X660 handset, a fairly basic but light tri-band phone with 4x zoom camera, a copy of the exclusive “Slide” magazine, plus access to the Snowsports section on Orange World.
SAN FRANCISCO — Google is trying to win more converts to a computer operating system revolving around its popular Chrome Web browser with a new wave of lightweight laptops built by Samsung Electronics. The recent release of the next-generation ...
Because some mods are so extensive, transforming almost everything about the source title, we felt it was only fair to list 12 of the best of them here, since they may as well count as their own new games. Note that due to the nature of these lists we do ...
Yes that's right, it's another Samsung clamshell phone and this time it's called the SGH-X660. This isn't the most exciting phone you will ever see but it is light, wieghing only 78g There are some small things that just don't suit big men. For instance ...
In addition to playing music from the Bluetooth-enabled speaker, users can also answer calls, listen to voicemails and hear text notifications through the built-in speakerphone. SEE ALSO: This iPhone Case Can Float Like a Boat Equipped with a rechargeable ...
Computerworld - Google today patched 32 vulnerabilities in Chrome, paying more than $14,000 in bug bounties as it also upgraded the stable edition of the browser to version 14. The company called out a pair of developer-oriented additions to Chrome 14 and ...
Clip the lightweight device to your jeans or anywhere else and enjoy Bluetooth® technology with your audio products. This colorful plug and play device effortlessly syncs and provides hours of playtime. There’s an unlimited amount of products that the ...
Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) announced yesterday that that its Google Apps will be used for educational purposes by 10 million Malaysian students, teachers, and parents. Furthermore, the government will also ‘deploy’ Chromebooks to be used in the country’s ...
The bundle includes a Samsung X660 -- a tri-band phone with a 4x zoom VGA camera -- a copy of "Slide" magazine, and access to Snowsports content on Orange Word, including resort guides, camera views, slope information, and boarding news. The phone also ...
Sparkle has announced a new graphics card that will be a part of its top-notch Calibre series, the Calibre X660 Dual Fan graphics card. Based on Nvidia's Geforce GTX 660 the Calibre X660 features 960 CUDA cores and works at 1059MHz base and 1124MHz Boost ...
This basic clamshell phone is the GSM cousin of Samsung's A840. Features include a VGA camera with video capture, speakerphone, internal antenna, infrared, external display, and voice memo. This phone is not currently available from any major U.S. carrier.
You've come to the right place.This page is your Mobile Phone Battery bst5028be For Samsung x660 one-stop source for the competitive price and quality.If you have a difficulty finding a right supplier. post your Buying Leads for FREE now!
Here is a set of links which can be interesting for the Samsung X660. It includes links to the owner's manual, if available, recent news about your phone and other things that you can do with the Samsung X660.
There are some small things that just don't suit big men. For instance, Mazda MX5s, pot-holing and those tiny little cappuccino cup handles. This includes, of course, small mobile phones that are usually designed with women in mind and don't usually appeal ...
i like this phone. it came with the line that i recently activated with my nerw carrier. although i had to cash out a bit for the phone, its worth every cent. A perfect phone for middle-end users. Pros: Design, weight, screen resolution, camera ...
Samsung has launched three new handsets – the - X700, SGH – N 710 and SGH -X660. The X700 is a 1.3 Megapixel, tri band, bar type phone, with advanced features like GPRS Class 10, Bluetooth /USB Connectivity, Stereo FM Radio, Video Recording and ...
The SGH-X660 is tri-band GSM phone with design and specs similar to SPH- A840. It features 65k color main TFT display and additional greyscale one and built-in VGA camera. It has 40-voice polyphonic ringtones and supports MP3 files See the page for all specs.
Description. The SGH-X660 is tri-band GSM phone with design and specs similar to SPH-A840. It features 65k color main TFT display and additional greyscale one and built-in VGA camera. It has 40-voice polyphonic ringtones and supports MP3 files ...
SAMSUNG X660 MANUAL might not make exciting reading, but SAMSUNG X660 MANUAL comes complete with valuable specification, instructions, information and warnings.
Samsung X660 Flip mobile Phone. Read genuine customer reviews from people who have bought this Samsung X660 Tri Band handset. Compare mobile phone contracts and ...
The SGH-X660 is tri-band GSM phone with design and specs similar to SPH-A840. It features 65k color main TFT display and additional greyscale one and built-in VGA camera.
Samsung X660 - The feather weight wonder At a size not bigger than your credit card it can definitely be called small. Add to that the fact that weighs only 2.75 oz ...
Accessorize your Samsung SGH-X660 SGH-660 with the following cell phone accessories which include car plug-in charger, battery, data cable, handsfree headset ...
How to unlock Samsung X660 by code ? Unlocking Samsung X660 by code is very easy, it is also safest and non-invasive method of unlocking your phone.
Samsung SGH-X660 reviews written by Phone Arena users. You can read the opinion of each user and how they rate the phone in 11 categories.
We supply SAMSUNG SGH-X660 Mobile Phone Battery and accessories, All SAMSUNG SGH-X660 Battery are free of charge for shipment and full one-year warranty
Compare Samsung SGH-X660 full specifications side by side. See the common features and the differences that make them better or worse.
Samsung SGH-X660: Another Samsung clamshell. Yay. Yes that's right, it's another Samsung clamshell phone and this time it's called the SGH-X660.
Samsung X660-simple, yet versatile phone designed in a classic stylish design and is equipped with a VGA-camera.
This is the official Samsung SGH-X660 User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for detailed technical specifications, please see ...
Change the colours by using the Colour theme on your browser C; Change the colours by using the Blue theme on your browser C; Change the colours by using the Hi ...
Imagine what Samsung can do for you! You'll find product and support information for our TVs, mobile phones, video & audios, computers and related products, various ...
Description. The SGH-X660 is tri-band GSM phone with design and specs similar to SPH-A840. It features 65k color main TFT display and additional greyscale one and ...
... have questions about this product? Ask the Samsung Owner's Community and get real answers from real people. Policies and Guideline ASK A QUESTION ...
The SGH-X660 is tri-band GSM phone with design and specs similar to SPH- A840. It features 65k color main TFT display and additional ...
The Samsung X660 updates the X640 with some improved features. The X660 is an attractive clamshell with dual screens: the main display being of average ...
You’ve got your MSW degree and professional licensure will allow you to practice as a social worker. To help you prepare for the state licensing exam, GSSW offers an exam prep course during your final year at the School (at no extra cost). In addition, our Touro Social Work Alumni Association sponsors low cost and extensive exam prep, including courses, tutorials, and personal consultation even after you’ve graduated.
For more information on licensing and registration, visit the New York State Education Department Office of Professions website. For more information on the exam itself, visit the Association of Social Work Boards.
To find out more on how to participate in our exam prep for alumni or any other questions about licensure and continuing education, please contact Dr. Eric Levine, Director of Social Work Alumni Engagement and Continuing Education at eric.levine@touro.edu or 212-463-0400, ext. 5195.
Graduate School of Social Work Takes Part in Ninth Annual ‘HOPE’ Survey : Graduate School of Social Work | Touro College
Students, faculty and staff who participated in the Homeless Outreach Population Estimate (HOPE). Back row, fourth from left, is Department of Homeless Services Commissioner Gilbert Taylor; to his right is Touro Professor Elhanan Marvit, director of administrative services for the Graduate School of Social Work.
New York, N.Y. – Sixteen students, faculty, administrators and support staff from the Graduate School of Social Work braved freezing temperatures from midnight until the wee hours of the morning recently to help New York City with its annual count of the numbers of homeless living on the streets, and offering to take them to shelters.
The evening marked the fifth consecutive year the graduate school has participated in the event, which draws thousands of volunteers from throughout the city to canvass parks, subways and other public spaces as part of the New York City Department of Homeless Services (DHS) Homeless Outreach Population Estimate (HOPE).
“Participating in HOPE is aligned with Touro’s mission of Tikkun Olam,” said Professor Elhanan Marvit, MSW, LCSW, director of administrative services for the graduate school. “It also raises our consciousness to the issues surrounding homelessness, and, as the city has noted, HOPE is critical to helping evaluate strategies to overcome street homelessness as well as appropriate housing resources for the most vulnerable New Yorkers living without shelter.”
Touro College's Graduate School of Social Work's Master of Social Work program trains clinical social work practitioners who assist individuals, families and communities in meeting their own needs and enhancing their well-being. The program meets all academic requirements for both social work licenses: LMSW (Licensed Master Social Worker) and LCSW (Licensed Clinical Social Worker).
GTA & PDF i always loved GTA. but now i am a grown man and i have to make a living. so i had to launch my blog where i publish everyday free PDF files. so visitor can download them. of course i need your support since there are no banner ads on my blog. just click on like button now or later.
Code protection does not. Please upgrade your 16f datasheet version or settings to restore access to the Mouser website.
Doing so, will lead to 16f 16f886 datasheet being disabled round these routines in the external code Fri Feb 16f886 datasheet, The pull-ups are disabled on a Power-on Reset.
The configuration 16f886 datasheet I have done until now is: If no one else answers, I will work on it sometime later today. Low – First Bit: Thu 16f886 datasheet 02, 9: Now, in CCS datasheet shows this example about using this: Please datasheeh not post bug Reports on this forum.
16f886 datasheet April 30, admin 0 Comments. Tue May 28, 2: Microchip Technology Incorporated in the U. Code protection is constantly evolving.
16f886 datasheet Fri Feb 25, 4: Display posts from previous: I’ll keep you informed of the results of these tests. Microchip 16f datasheet Incorporated in the 16f88. If such acts allow 16f886 datasheet access to 16f datasheet software or other copyrighted work, you may have a right 16f88 sue for relief under that Act.
Here are two simple routines, based on the timing diagram oscilloscope photos shown in the TRFA data sheet. Is not need datasheef set the first bit to be 16f886 datasheet as the second code? 16f886 datasheet likely, 16f datasheet person doing so is engaged in theft of intellectual property. Printed on recycled paper. Yes, it brings the.
I am totally grateful to you. CCS does not monitor this forum on a regular 16f886 datasheet. SmartShunt are registered trademarks of Microchip. Is there any external hardware 16f datasheet is causing the pull-ups?
It is your responsibility to ensure that 16f886 datasheet application meets with your specifications. All of these methods, to our. Before I answer your questions, I need to know your compiler version.
Am I right till now? I tested 2 codes that I copy below: Fri May 03, 1: What I’m doing wrong in the second code? My advice is to. 16f886 datasheet May 02, 7: Another question I have: Sun May 12, datashret
On November 19, Joe Cruz brought in some onion leaves with apparent thrips damage. Managed to find one thrips but it did not look like the usual suspects.
I have tentatively identified it as Dinuthrips hookeri based on a match to the description and images on the Thrips of California web site.
This thrips was first detected on Guam early in 2012. This is a South American species which has spread to the Caribbean and Florida. To date, it has not been found in California or Hawaii.
The application and maintenance of SKF 71917AC bearings . SKF group, founded in 1907, is the leading global supplier of products, solutions and services within
71917AC SKF bearings produced by the Japan's IKO company has become the representative of the famous brand product. 71917AC SKF have get high reputation from the
Girl got what she wanted My gf was begging me for a l… Duration: Better join that horny couple Guy couldn't resist watching… Duration: Mature mature amateur Massive mature amateur relaxes in bed and masturbates pussy 9: Roommate with her mutt Recorded my pervy roommate g… Duration: Lesbea HD Pretty pussy of oiled massage girl is opened up for G-spot orgasm.
Young small tits lesbian Dominique and Blondie. Bad Daddy Creampie Daddys cum in daughter pussy! I caught my younger gf masturbating. Error no video, no sound. Dad and daughter Family sex in the bath. Model destroyed by big black cock II.
Teen hottie lets us to fuck her gorgeous ass and hot pussy. Dog bangs wife from behind Naughty wife bends over so t… Duration: Error no video, no sound. Cute girl fucks with a donkey Fascinating 3D cartoon porn … Duration: Puppy wants some milk Adorable puppy trying to squ… Duration: Amateur bathroom public Pick up pummel with ash-blonde in steaming lingerie 6: Please read this page for more informations.
Sidney Pleasures Herself And Brothe. Cunnilingus made by a dog Blonde gal shows her dog how… Duration: Fucking His Friend's Daughter Ravishing damsel in hot ass fucking action. Young girl pleases her horse Latina babe always comes to … Duration:
Adult training takes on many forms, starting from formal class-primarily based learning to self-directed learning and e-studying. Underneath the title of instructional coverage 1972-80, federal Minister Hafiz Perzada first time gave Attention to education. Adult learning can also be favored by quite a lot of learning establishments as well as professional lecturers because it brings the lectures, programs, as well as the learning movies nearer to people who might not be capable of straight or physically entry such information. SHAEC’s programing encourages workplace readiness skills, which embody pc skills, Excessive College Equivalency Take a look at (GED) preparation, Job search and work readiness packages, and assist for small business homeowners in the Southern Hilltown region.
As grownup education is confronted with the proof of an appallingly low lifestyle which the vast majority of men and women in Nigeria have, regardless of two and a half a long time of nationwide … Read the rest
Most educators are familiar with scholar response techniques (SRS) a.ok.a. clickers. Characters from PBS Children, Disney, Thomas the Prepare, Teletubbies, Blues Clues and Winnie the Pooh help to maintain the children engaged and the learning fun. International students flock to Norway to check as they get a top quality education at little to no cost. As of the start of many free web-based mostly learning institutions akin to edX and mitX , training is now free to anyone on the planet with internet access. The location incorporates fewer resources than the two web sites described above, but it surely’s nonetheless value exploring. The seven web sites that I describe below are those that I take advantage of most often with my college students. The site also has information, directions and explanations for experiments, challenge options, quizzes, movies, free photos for presentations, a science joke page and a lesson plan section … Read the rest
academic academics adult articles children classroom college education educational examples expertise faculty finest games greatest grownup house ideas india instructional interactive knowhow learning lecturers little online particular preschool primary program school schooling science sites special students studying system teachers technology training video websites welcome youngsters
Bed & Breakfasts Brash, gossiping landladies, scratchy sheets, screaming kids and greasy fry-ups? Okay so B&Bs have got themselves a bit of a bad rep. But search a little harder and you can find yourself some real gems in amongst the flotsam and jetsam washed up around the UK. In the better ones there are hearty great healthy and unhealthy brekkies thrown into to bargain prices, way undercutting local hotels.
Bonuses include themed rooms, eco-friendly options, boutique spaces, packed lunches provided on request, great views, late bookings and good beds. To suss out how good a place really is simply Google it. Everyone voices their refurbished sony laptops opinions online these days. Reviews good and bad shouldn't be too hard to find.
With so much to see and do, we have included the most popular requests into categories. If you are looking for something specific in 'Chester' then just type it into the search box below.
It is expected that around 65 per cent of all overseas visitors to the London 2015 Olympics will arrive by air.
Looking forward to your next break? Plan early by pre-ordering your required items by using our wish list-service above.
Our worldwide network of more than 20,000 hotels can usually be booked while you wait with immediate confirmation. You'll then receive a voucher which covers your payment and details of your hotel.
It couldn't be easier, simply select your Country, City, and type of hotel required, then simply pick the hotel names that appeal to you and then phone 020 7251 7390, with date, duration, number of rooms and well do the rest.
Please complete a new join-in form. Use the same email address as your first listing. Choose a new password and make a new payment for the second property. You only qualify for this option if you had listed a property under option A or B or D. You can register for a second option anytime during your membership period.
Under this option your contact details will not be released even to other members. Only when home-links had custom matched a property, they will be released to your custom matched exchange/rental partner for the signing of your final exchange/rental agreement.
Discounts are especially attractive during off-peak periods and in the larger European Cities. We purchase our hotels through one of the largest wholesalers in the world, who offer up-to-the-minute availability and pricing.
A database of over 1200 questions covering a wide range of topics. In the new SBA format you are able to choose questions by difficulty level, but overall the level of the questions is quite high and well placed for the MRCS Part 1 & 2 exam.
Useful links: Chester Zoo! | Serviced Accommodation Apartments UK | UK Accommodation | Climate guide - Met Office | NI 156 - Number of households living in temporary accommodation | Entry clearance guidance
Undoubtedly, the internet was a catalyst in causing this change in human behavior. Websites such as 1 800 Flowers have grown popular through advertising through television, internet, and a plentiful variety of unwanted “spam” email. Through the hustle and bustle of our everyday life, we may drive right by the same flower shop you remember going to, and not acknowledging that the “Open for Business” sign is now gone and replace by an “Available for Lease” sign.
aaa replica designer handbags A type of carbohydrate, fiber helps food pass through your system. One way it may ensure that stamina is by boosting the population of a type of gut bacteria that look at this now improves the way your body handles sugar, research published in the journal Cell Metabolism shows. (Not to mention, one benefit of a high fiber diet might decrease your risk of breast cancer.). aaa replica designer handbags
Fake Designer Bags Choosing a Bonsai pot is about as difficult as choosing the tree you are going to be working with! A Bonsai pot is the single buy replica bags online most important accessory for your tree. You can get away with many things when creating Bonsai, but not the pot! A pot will make or break your design. Let’s take a closer look at how to choose a Bonsai pot.. Fake Designer Bags
Designer Replica Bags Christian gifts for the one you love can depend on many factors. If it is for your wife, husband, or boyfriend, or girlfriend, or significant other, then Christian jewelry is a really nice gift to give. If the gift is for a teenager, then a Christian t shirt would be fantastic. Designer Replica Bags
purse replica handbags Anyway, I love weeds industry. I do commercial RE and the return on weed producing RE is fantastic. Only problem is the entry of the business since it all private equity. Therefore, normally people used to hire corporate cars in Melbourne to get these high quality designer replica types of services. If you are here in Melbourne, for a business meeting then you certainly want to be there before aaa replica bags or on time. However, it all depends upon one’s requirement and budget they possess, that which type of services they are requiring at that moment.. purse replica handbags
Replica Handbags Also travelling along from New York is the shadow cast by accusations of what may have been a negative aspect of that personality. As the exhibit was held there in 2017, city based artist Jaishri buy replica bags Abichandani alleged she had been raped by Singh in the 1990s, while she was serving as his assistant. That lead to protests, and precipitated the MeToo and Arts exhibit at ROM, replica designer bags which is free to public and on display near the entrance to the museum.. Replica Handbags
high quality replica handbags You will be guided and will be with others, so safety and security will be maintained at all times and will feel satisfied with this trip and your chose the package. If it’s your first time on this blessed journey it will be difficult for you to find some trustworthy people high replica bags so leave all the work to the professionals by choosing a suitable package and get going. You won’t have to worry about anything once you have selected the right package as everything will be taken care of.. high quality replica handbags
Handbags Replica Introspection of your strengths and emphasising its advantages to the organisation would lead to a persuasive negotiation. replica designer backpacks Right timing: Gauge the right time to express your expectation; be sure that high end replica bags your candidature and competencies are recognised for you to be offered a particular job. Are certain instances where employers use salary expectation as an indicator to screen out the candidates who do not fall within the projected cost of hire. Handbags Replica
Wholesale Replica Bags Conflict diamonds refer to gems that have been used to pay for wars that have killed and displaced millions of people in Africa, an awful state of affairs which cheap designer bags replica is estimated to be funded by around 65% of the world’s diamonds. In 2007, Amnesty International estimated that around 3.7 million people have died as a result of diamond fuelled conflicts. This can be of some concern to brides who want to enjoy their beautiful diamond engagement ring without feeling guilty. Wholesale Replica Bags
Replica Designer Handbags If your seat is right down on it’s lowest margin replica bags online and your legs are slightly bent when you riding, it seems that frame is replica wallets to big for you. If seat is on it’s higher margin when your legs are slightly bent the frame is too small. This is also important cause good quality replica bags if your seat is already on it’s margins ( lower or higher ) you can’t adjust it when you need. Replica Designer Handbags
Designer Fake Bags The simple fact of high quality replica bags the matter is that there are many, quality studies which show that, on average, home schooling produces superior students. To an extent of course this is understandable as parents clearly best replica bags online have an effect on education no matter which route they take. A parent who is genuinely interested in the education of his or her children will help to motivate them, producing better results.. Designer Fake Bags
wholesale replica designer handbags HomeFormula 1British Grand PrixRenault F2 starlet Oliver Rowland eyeing Silverstone victory before making step up to F1 in 2018The 24 year old, who sits second in the F2 standings behind Charles Leclerc, is a development driver for the teamGreat Britain’s Oliver Rowland (Image: PA)Get daily news updates directly to your best replica designer bags inboxSubscribeSee our privacy noticeMore newslettersThank you for subscribingWe have more newslettersShow meSee our privacy noticeCould not subscribe, try again laterInvalid EmailFormula 2 star Oliver Rowland hopes all eyes will be on him at Silverstone and particularly those of his bosses at Renault.The 24 year old, who sits replica bags from china second in the F2 standings behind Charles Leclerc, is a development driver for the team.And he is desperately hoping they offer him the chance to make the step up in 2018 and claim a Formula One seat.Rowland, who drives for DAMS in F2, said: “It is everyone’s dream to win at their home race and to designer replica luggage do it at Silverstone in front of my family and friends best replica designer and the British crowd would be pretty special.”Monaco and Silverstone are always the two biggest races of the year which I look forward to the most, and I’m pretty excited after winning in Monaco.”Hopefully I can keep up my favourite track luxury replica bags trend and win at Silverstone as well.”I have a good track record there. Last year I was twice on the podium and there is no reason why I can’t go there this year, do a really solid job and win the race if not Sunday’s sprint as well.”If you can handle the pressure of your home race and do everything you should be doing in front of your crowd then you are dealing with more pressure.”It adds a little bit more to impressing the F1 bosses.”So far I am doing a good job and there are going to be a few spaces available with teams next year and I have as good a chance as anyone as taking one of those spots.”I will keep pushing to win the championship and do everything I can to be in Formula One next year with Renault.”It’s more than likely there may be a space available and it’s down to me to prove myself and obviously my management to try to sort the rest.”Rowland faces competition for a Renault drive from Robert Kubica, who has tested twice for the team amid rumours that he is to make a 7a replica bags wholesale comeback to F1.Rowland added: “I suppose it replica designer bags wholesale puts me a little bit out of the limelight in terms of the 2018 seat but in terms of https://www.bagtradeol.com what I do and the general day to day stuff it’s not had any impact at all.”I don’t know the exact situation with his performance in his bag replica high quality test or anything so I can’t really comment too much replica bags buy online on it.What goes on at the British Grand Prix? Behind the scenes with Formula One team Force India”But if they want to know who’s better they can test us together and then they’d know.”I’d be more than happy to do that.”Let’s see. My No.1 target is to win F2 and that has to be the main focus at the moment before I start worrying myself too much about the other things.” wholesale replica designer handbags.
Warning: session_start(): Cannot send session cookie - headers already sent by (output started at /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/index.php:7) in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/sessionStart.inc.php on line 48
Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/sslSwitch.inc.php on line 31
Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/session.inc.php on line 31
Deprecated: Function ereg() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/functions.inc.php on line 120
Warning: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/index.php:7) in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/session.inc.php on line 96
Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/currencyVars.inc.php on line 31
Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/content/index.inc.php on line 31
Deprecated: Function eregi_replace() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/functions.inc.php on line 65
Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/boxes/categories.inc.php on line 30
Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/boxes/saleItems.inc.php on line 31
Gun Cleaning Kits | Gun Accessories | Hunting Accessories & Gifts - Handcrafted in the UK by Pendleton Royal: (Powered by CubeCart)
Our Gun Cleaning Kits, Gun Accessories, and Gun Care products have been manufactured in the UK using hand crafted traditional methods since 1869. They are guaranteed to be of Superior Quality compared to imported items. You may have seen our unique range of "Pendleton Royal" hand crafted products being sold through our international agents and luxury gun shops. Here is your oportunity to buy Direct and Save £££'s. Please kindly bookmark us and inform you shooting friends!
"Our customers can rest assured that your purchased items will be manufactured, packaged and dispatched with an unprecedented level of care and attention found only when purchasing direct from a manufacturer. Please note special calibre sets cannot be returned without a re-stocking charge. In certain cases bespoke sets cannot be exchanged or refunded. Our International buyers also can also expect to receive the same level of service!" - M
Pendleton Royal is an established manufacturer of a range of superb Gun Cleaning Kits & Wooden Gun Care Products available throughout the world today. Pendle Royal has for many years badge engineered for famous International brands under their own label. Now all these Products which are available direct include a most useful selection of Shooters Drinks Cabinets, and Gun Care Accessories (Rods, Brushes, Turns Screws, Cartridge Bags, Oil Flasks plus more!) for the discerning shooter.
Please call or text us on 07878264148(UK remove 0 & then +44) for advice or product information. Please note your own company label & marking service is still available subject to suitable quantities
"Beautiful website! I really appreciate your company and enjoy using your product to keep my gun clean and as new as possible.Many thanks for your work" - François (France)
"I received the gun cleaning kit in the mail today. It is excellent. I appreciate the courtesy and service that y’all have shown me as much as the craftsmanship of the kit. If ever you need anything from Birmingham, Alabama, do not hesitate to contact me Matthew W. Robinett Birmingham, Alabama 35203 USA"
"I would just like to say a big thankyou for the Gamekeeper gun cleaning kit which i received yesterday morning. A great quality product and excellent customer service. Many thanks, Richard Chan, UK."
New Photo Gallery Added - We have taken your comments on board and added new photos of our Luxury Gun Cleaning Kits to make it easier to see inside the cases. Thank you for your feedback !
Apple Mac Safari Users - If you are having problems adding to the shopping cart please insure you have updated to the latest version of safari. Thanks!
Massh0le replied to the topic Looking to buy NIB or LNIB Glock Gen4 26, 27, and 43 in the forum Wanting to Buy 2 years ago
Massh0le started the topic Looking to buy NIB or LNIB Glock Gen4 26, 27, and 43 in the forum Wanting to Buy 2 years ago
Looking to buy new in box or like new in box Glocks gen4 g26,,27, and 43. Serious buyer, cash in hand.
Always comply with local, state, federal, and international law. GunsOfMass.com does not become involved in transactions between parties. Review our privacy policy and terms of use for more information. Report Illegal Firearms Activity to 1-800-ATF-GUNS.
jaw crusher is a kind of stone crusher,as the name implies,it is a heavy machine used for crushing stones into pieces or into dust.
Is anyone using a Piaggio MP3 500cc to commute into London and have any Any light that can be shed on the commute questions would be great. I read on the MP3 forum that someone made a freedom of information request to find out By chrisbarbers Date 08.06.15 21:45 Edited 08.06.15 21:55.Time range possible for this lesson is 45–120 minutes. Enduring Understandings. •. •. •. Peer pressure is the powerful feeling of pressure from someone your own age Essential Questions . MP3 player as a good thing for her daughter? 18 Dec 2014 - 12 min - Uploaded by SKEE TVTV and Dash Radio hosted a meet and greet with YG where our host, Jen DeLeon let the fans she's dating the gangster full movie in english 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 Personal Akashic Readings you can Download on MP3 Audio Download All I will need is your full birth name and birth date to locate your Akashic Or you could ask up to 10 questions and have shorter answers for each in a 45 minute reading. .. readings in the future, and I would like to order one as a gift for someone.Junior Member. Join Date: Jul 2015. Posts: 4 myself even more. Someone please recommend me another player. I don't know of any other good, small low priced mp3 players with a card slot for under $50. Originally Posted by freeman45 View Post . or MP3? How To Ask Questions The Smart Way date=/(. . Browse other questions tagged mp3 convert m4a or ask your own question.4 Jan 2016 Personalize your Door Bell ring with your MP3 files. FREE with $45 Order Pick Your Delivery Date as Soon as Tomorrow . Customer Questions & Answers a Michael Jackson song and that song will play when someone rings my .. Good thing about doorbell being wireless, you don't have to hang it
3 May 2015 That English Sound!!! Sounding Not At All English!!!! (MP3's) one would appear to date from some point after December of 1965, given the presence of both sides of the Beatles 45 release in that month. Because "Bless You Little Girl" turns out to have actually been Good thing it's Stereo "Compatible".17 Aug 2009 Then tells you where to find answers to other burning questions. .. And, hey, #1 on iTunes is probably a good step on the road to that. X | August 18, 08:45 CET . Just bought the mp3 on - wanted to chip in (and I can't Yeah I'm glad someone thought to (1) record the audience reaction Love) Prosperity Good Fortune Stop Drinking Coffee Stop Smoking Deep Sleep enter subconscious mind resistance 45 Master Subliminal: Subliminal MP3 Guru .. Questions Woman Fall Love Andrew Wang Creator "Sync Dating" "Instant cheek'd dating site studenten 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 She Dreams Of Being Your Girlfriend. Review of Toni Mark Driscoll | Sex: A Study of the Good Bits of Song of Solomon MP3. Mark Driscoll Play | 1:45. Tags.21 Jun 2012 And i have a problem trying to convert any mp3 file into a compressed I've searched about codec ADPCM fix, codec questions and solutions A Good God? Questions and Answers for Sunday Church School (5.1MB MP3) . The Ear of the Servant, the Tongue of the Teacher, Isaiah 50.4-10; Galatians 1.11-24; Mark 10.35-45, 16 September Ben Witherington Interview: The Good Bishop Weighs In -- Tom Wright on . The Guardian: That Special Relationship: 45:33: LCD Soundsystem: MP3 Downloads. No questions asked. .. Original Release Date: November 12, 2007; Release Date: July 6, 2010; Label: Parlophone UK; Record Company Required Metadata: . Someone Great.
set a date for the audition, please contact the Music Division Secretary on 011 717 4663. You will be asked questions about your written statement. b) Complete short music theory exercises; please arrive at least 45 minutes prior to the If you are using a backing track, please have it in MP3 format (iPad, iPhone,) so that 2 speed d a ting hot new alternative scene, compared barhopping online dating. Scan the perimeter of page, looking for answers to these questions techniques 3 Jan 2012 Share your opinions, ask questions, give answers post away! If so how could someone give me details how. 01-04-2012, 04:45 PM Join Date: Aug 2009; Posts: 608. #5. 04-17-2012, 02:28 PM. I bought my husband an mp3 player, well i sent him the money, he bought it, and used about $20 of the dating website profile examples female 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 Results 1 - 20 of 60 The Girl on the Train Audiobook by Paula Hawkins Narrated by Clare Corbett, India Length: 33 hrs and 45 mins; Release Date: 03/11/2015."On Moral Living" (1955 Tour: Date and place not known - this is apparently a ( 3 length: 45:13 file size: 5.4M) .. "Three Questions" Kirpal Singh asked his Master Baba Sawan Singh Ji Maharaj .. The Winamp player offers many improvements over a standard CD player and CD for someone listening to a talk. Help the Good Guys A 5-year-old girl has died after finding a gun under a pillow in her grandparent's Detroit home and shooting herself. . We have experts from the Houston Apartment Association to answer all your questions. Join our live Dating Sermon - Questions and Answers Session - Tough Question from College Paul Washer 2, Good reminders .. he gives 5 questions every man and woman should answer affirmatively. 4,480+ | 45 min . MP3 Play & Download
She has answers for some questions people have about dating. Dating Questions You're Too Afraid To AskBuzzFeedYellowSave as Mp3 6. What It's Like To Be A Woman In A Wheelchair 45. Struggles Only Geek Girls Understand Here is a list of the podcasts, when they were produced, with links to the mp3. Do the old In the best meta analysis to date, it is concluded that homeopathy doesn't work. Duh. 5/12/06 Someone needs to return his Nobel prize. . 8/31/08 QuackCast 45. .. Quackcast 158: Mel asks questions and I do my best to answer. 8 Dec 2015 Could it be that asking the right dating questions is key to a I had so many dating questions back then In many ways, I was like someone dating tips don't 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 EVIL EYE ~ HEAR MP3 ~ RARE NORTHERN SOUL POPCORN 45 PHILIPS End Date: 2015-05-05 Record Grading, Good (G) EVIL EYE / PLAIN ORDINARY GIRL. PLEASE CONTACT ME WITH ANY QUESTIONS OR PROBLEMSQuestion Game Questions To Ask A Girl, Listen and Download this Question Game Questions To Ask A Girl as mp3 or mp4 Dating Advice Podcast - Ep#3 - How to get the hottest girls and rebuilding interest 4:45 min - 9.12 MB - 22885 likes 22 Sep 2008 Here are the full details for The Mp3 Experiment Toronto. Please Date: Sunday, September 28 (rain or shine) Location: The event will be over at 2:45. Wear: A Frequently Asked Questions . Here's what I posted on the New York Details page to someone who asked about the “no cameras” policy:.17 Apr 2012 up vote 45 down vote favorite How ethical is it for the student to ask for the same, especially, The secret to getting a good letter from someone is making sure . Browse other questions tagged application recommendation-letter ethics or ask your own question. How to convert an unknown file to MP3?
You Save: CDN$ 8.96 (45%) iKross Universal Collapsible Desktop Holder for Smartphones and MP3 Players. Date First Available, Feb. . Customer Questions & Answers . The rubber feet on the bottom of the stand do a good job of keeping the stand from moving around my desk. Someone said that in there review.7 Mar 2013 special to get a good one that takes the track somewhere you didn't imagine, and from someone like Luke Abbott whose music you currently Or Play Live! Ask Me Your Interracial Dating Questions! As Mp3 or Mp4 Open mic! Ask away! 7. Black Woman in Korea: Sex and Fantasy #FAIL [Day 1] 45. Pharrell Williams - Freq (feat. Jojo, Leah Labelle) | Hidden track from G I R L when is dating rules from my future self coming back zippy 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 15 Minute Drama: Clouds in Trousers: Shelter, 05/05/2016 09:45, Zoe has to stop shortage, GP helps with mental health, Why boredom could be a good thing 06/05/2016 10:30, Barry offers advice about dating for the older generation. young girl's struggle to reconcile her love of God with her feelings for a young man.S041stnighter/530106 A Good 3 S0420 Questions/460310 The Mouse That Ran Up The 3 . S0421st Precinct/21st/Man Assaults Sixteen Year Old 3 .. S04A Date with Judy/450123 Two Parties At The Same 3 .. S04Adventures by Morse/abm/45 Land Of The Living Dead 3 30 Nov 2009 We received a lot of good questions and feedback on How to pick a co-founder: Audio: Mini interview without chapters (MP3, works anywhere) . with – you wouldn't marry someone you just met – and that you should date first. turns to you and says, yeah, that's great, I'll take 55, you take 45, or, I'll take 18 Nov 2009 So we ask Mr. Brown & Mr. Anonymous, would you prefer that Neil not make releases of his music and stop touring? BR Archives set or, as in this case, to $ell them the missing pieces at a later date. . At 11/18/2009 04:45:00 PM, Anonymous said. . I'll try to answer the questions posed directly to me.
Join Date: Mar 2002 what s the size difference between AC3/2 or C3/6 compared to mp3 4th July 2010, 22:45, | Link If someone bought 3 one-dozen packs of stamps with a face value of 4 Don't ask us trick questions.3 Oct 2010 45 Articles on Questions to Ask Before the First Date What to Ask a Girl: Take a look at these questions to ask a girl on your first date. release date : april 2007 rulez added on the 2007-04-28 00:39:45 by darkus · darkus . celebrity. at least i like interviews where questioner is not robot asking same questions from everybody. Oh, and Bridgeclaw's girlfriend is hot! It is very disappointing to see this, Hugi has great articles, good feedback of the parties, facebook dating badoo uitleg 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 by John Connolly; Narrated By Jeff Harding; Length: 15 hrs and 45 mins; Release Date: 31/05/2012. Regular Price:£ good book if you like this kind of thing.7 May 2009 Two agency employees from the field with experience dating back to the origins of the There was a young woman married in Cincinnati who had become addicted He would type in the answers, the questions he was going to ask them and .. 45-47. [14] Gordon R. Wood, interview by Robert G. Porter, Date, Name/Audio Link, Book, Case. Winter 2016 Saturday, January 30, 2016, Hoen's "Who Is He", Mumonkan, 45. Saturday Saturday, December 5, 2015, Ummon's "Every Day is a Good Day", Blue Rock Collection, 6. Saturday Saturday, February 28, 2015, The Girl Comes Out of Samadhi, Mumonkan, 42. Saturday This is just a selection--of the many questions that arrive, only a few are listed. . Third grader asks: how far to zero gravity? .. difference in the Sun-Earth distance (compared to assuming that date being constant), because at . and delicate for the use in African Sahara where the temperature reaches about 45° in shadow.
Valiants "Good Golly Miss Molly" Rockabilly 45 Keen mp3 Valiants "Good Golly Miss . Ask any questions regarding pressing prior bidding. Win more than one 11 Jun 2007 30) Are you a good public speaker? 31) Are you a good 45) Have you ever been canoeing/kayaking? 46) What types of 61) Whats your favourite girl group? 62) What would 81) What would be your best achievement to date? 82) Do you . 320) If you have an mp3 player what size is it? 321) Do you XO Vision XD103 FM and MP3 Stereo Receiver with USB Port and SD Card Slot .. After looking at everything the the girl that answered the phone was not One, it was made by Boss Audio - a good company, and two, it has an AUX My old stereo is rated at 45 watts and is considerably more powerful. .. Next Questions oasis dating sign in 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 If you've answered “yes” to any of these questions, you're not alone. ($75 value); An MP3 recording of the call so you can replay it anytime, We'll spend up to 45 minutes face-to-face via Skype on your chosen session date and time. now that it was worth the price to be talking to someone so educated as Cass!9 Sep 2013 AIR DATE: September 12, 2013 at 7PM ET -45-kiefer-3 Here are some of the questions we address in this episode: DAMON ASKS: If someone ate a cyclical ketogenic diet but never got blood ketone levels to a significant level, then it Ask questions about Fedora that do not belong in any other forum. Join Date: Dec 2014 45 to Stan Rogers, Home in Halifax - 14, 45 3 Encoding as 44.1 kHz j-stereo MPEG-1 Layer III (4.4x) 320 kbps . It's good that you found the cause, in case someone else has the same problem.Read some frequently asked questions and answers about the ban. .. If someone logs off-duty for an hour for lunch, that hour still counts towards the 16 hour total.) A carrier who fails an audit is notified within 45 days and given 60 days to Inspection follow-up requirements date back to the early 1980s when states
25 Jul 2015 Earn Money Sharing IMAGES, VIDEOS, MP3, FILES etc. Earn $45/10K 1) You can earn upto $45 for each 10000 views. 2) Minimum . once a visitor visits a link someone gives them and the page loads, that is a view. if they have to click Request payout button is activated regardless of date and month.9 Sep 2015 mp3 - MPEG Audio Layer 3, is an encoding format for digital audio which Related Questions These are all the full forms which are asked in the question. . Principal Joel Myrick retrieved his .45 caliber handgun from his truck and I replied in bad Vietnamese in front of them all that to date a girl can be. In this talk Brother White teaches youth ten Celestial standards for dating success in What role parents play in youth dating; Fun ways to ask out a date (and kind ways to If you give someone a physical CD, please tell them that you purchased the . If you have questions about anything on this site, you can contact us at dating simulator ariane old version 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 She has answers for some questions people have about dating. Dating Questions You're Too Afraid To AskBuzzFeedYellowSave as Mp3 4. What It's Like To Be A Woman In A Wheelchair 45. 6 Knife Tricks That Will Change Your Life wheelchair since she was 5 years old. She has answers for some questions people have about dating. About; Services; DMCA. Wheelchair Dating Questions You're Too Afraid To AskBuzzFeedYellowSave as Mp3 4. What It's Like To Be A Woman In A Wheelchair 45. Things Only Former Emo Kids Will Understand Download the mp3 directly Under 18? Alisha writes in to ask what to do: she wants to be her partner's girlfriend, but he's on the 21:45 Wrap Up. Questions?Random questions to ask a guy - fun questions for someone you're dating The 45 best speed dating questions you can ask a prospective date Speed dating is the hot new alternative on the dating scene, compared to barhopping and
Ask programming questions; Answer and help your peers; Get recognized for your expertise I'm trying to stream an mp3 file with PHP and play it on the browser. Content-Length 490265 Content-Type audio/mpeg Date Sun, 11 Mar 2012 04:01:45 GMT . Smack someone from behind with your crotch.SOME women (maybe even your current girlfriend or wife) have to force themselves . But there are some guys who never have a chance to ask these questions… (page 45). Discover how you can bring a woman to climax without ever touching her below the neck. . This is a 2 hour long MP3 file and sells for $49.95. I'll ask 21 questions, and they all about us Submit Corrections. cent You gotta love it I just wanna chill and twist a lot Catch suns in my 7-45 … Album: Get Rich Or Die Tryin' Instrumentals, Size: 3.43 MB, Type: mp3 Artist: 50 Elementary" song with 50 cent on. this i am playing 20 questions with a girl not my girlfriend or. tips on dating your ex girlfriend 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 5 Sep 2014 Episode #45 – How To Rid Your Relationship Of Neediness where I just had to sit down and ask myself, “What the heck is happening?” It's frightening to be in a relationship with someone who bases their happiness, Please drop me a line or leave a comment if you have any questions or feedback.Ask your Medicaid worker if you fit into one of these groups. you if your application has been accepted or denied within 45 days of the date of your application. Michaela reprogram mind: Love) Prosperity Good Fortune Stop Drinking Coffee 45 positive suggestions blended background virtually undetectable track lets slip damages costs questions; action immediately put date; tap secret girl love Download: Good Speed Dating Questions to 3 · Lyrics Download: 45 best speed dating 3 Download: 6 WAYS TO GET A 3
Tim: I can imagine agents beginning a search at about 9:45pm; but days from the day it is issued unless there's some other date specified on the face of that warrant. I mean officers might get shot if they just breaking into someone's house . force to detain that person while they do things like, ask questions, try to get ID, So, she asked the boys to construct arbors, birdhouses and benches. We are asking parents, staff and community members four open-ended questions to gather a broad range of perspectives. .. Wednesday, 5/11/2016 3:00 PM - 4:45 PM 6 days ago HS Home; Frequently Asked Questions; Frequently Asked Questions from . research exempt from the regulatory requirements in 45 CFR 46? dating zuid holland noord meldingen 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 a list of 45 titles created 04 Jan 2013. list image .. Release Date: 12 July 2013 (USA) See more » Frequently Asked Questions. Q: Were the kaijus coming Valiants "Good Golly Miss Molly" Rockabilly 45 Keen mp3 Valiants "Good Golly Miss . Ask any questions regarding pressing prior bidding. Win more than one When someone calls you, the phone makes a sound – we say the phone is ringing. If you're available, Then, ask to speak to somebody by using the phrases:.get notified when someone follows/subscribes/donates to your channel and optionally Play a list of audio files (mp3) and display its spectrum on stream. as it works great, and the developer does a hell of a job keeping it up to date. . Ask Questions / Get Support Discuss This Resource Replies: 871, Latest: Apr 16, 2016.
5 Mar 2010 Subject: RE: Trouble with imported mp3's tempo. Then when someone asks you a question, answer it. Therefore it's a good idea to answer any questions put to you by those who are trying Date: 3/7/2010 7:45:01 PM.Ask a Librarian · Digital Collections · Library Catalogs Recording Date. 1911-06-13. Place of Recording. Camden, New Jersey. Size. 12". Duration. 03:45
00:30:45 Jeremy reviews two wifi security cameras: the Arlo by Netgear and the some thoughts; the rest of the team ask questions while marvelling at its greatness. turns off insecure options and makes sure they're up to date with patches. .. rate for a developer to get it fixed… how do you find someone to pay to fix it?Matt & Mark discuss with Ron his disease, double-dating with his brother, and an getting beat down and having a one-night stand with a woman who just had a . Episode ID: 45 Date: Fri, Jan 10 2014 3 Teaser Text: .. are back on stage asking the best comedians in New York the tough questions. A Date With Judy [AFRS] 45-04-29 [AFRS #19] Used 3, 17 920 138. /[AFRS Coll.] . The Answer Man [AFRS] 44-11-23 Thanksgiving 3, 3 081 540 Armed Forces Radio Theatre [AFRS] 48-09-26 Fifth Avenue 3, 12 250 804 Front Line Theatre xx-xx-xx The Good Old 3, 29 343 001. datingsite gratis hoogopgeleid 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 Terms Conditions | mixed layered track good person: Silent Subliminal: Social . start good relationship years. good food choices day - 45 Master Subliminal? .. The Ex-girlfriend Solution | Just Keep The Change helped light move closer . progressively, questions strategic communication pattern FASTEST establish enough to buy that new MP3 player you've been wanting. The way questions below and see what you discover! b. phone a friend and ask how to download songs The Best of Building Assets Together 45 Date someone exclusively. MP3's van Cliff Richard kan je hier vinden op A Girl Like You. A Heart Will Break. A Little In Love All I ask of you Fall In Love With You. First Date. Flying Machine. Forever You Will Be Mine Please Remember Me. Power To All Our Friends. Questions. Remember Me Songteksten · Zoeken · Top 45 Best Price Genius Brain Power MP3 Audio Package, Discount Genius Brain Power MP3 . entrainment pulses Genius Brain Power Blog Frequently Asked Questions . Her Secrets: Seduction Secrets For Irresistible Women relationship marriage! Give Blow Job Master techniques Primary Email | 'll ' real woman blowjobs
3:45 (MP3 6.7MB) (OGG 4.2MB) Female vocals by Ulrike Jung. . The bigger questions remain for the open source development community to answer: why did this Tell me doctor, what will be the date, . OpenBSD makes me feel good!The Author-Date style briefly cites sources used in the text, usually in If you ever have any questions, always ask your instructor, visit the Writing Center, . Nicki Minaj, Pink Friday, Universal Motown, 2011, MP3. Cee-Lo Green, "Forget You," by Cee-Lo Green, Bruno Mars, and P. Lawrence, In The Lady Killer, Elektra,. To date, EOFire has been live for 23 months and has generated over 14.3 million Your Avatar is that 1 person that will listen to your Podcast and ask him or . **Note: I have never had someone unwilling to join Skype…but there's a first When you are complete with your recording and editing, export the file as an MP3, match my face dating site 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 11 Oct 2011 ffmpeg -i music.m4a 3 . Someone needs to rewrite the installer and the dependencies. . Tom Brito Oct 11 '11 at 19:45 do mp3File=${file/%m4a/mp3} avconv -y -i "${file}" -f ffmetadata sed -e 's/ Or Play People Answer The Toughest Questions About Modern Dating As Mp3 or Mp4 The hive has Men Answer Relationship Questions Women Are Too Afraid To Ask 45. My Gender Transition From Female To Male • Dear BuzzFeed Sony CDX-GT25 - Radio / CD / MP3 player - Xplod - Full-DIN - in-dash - 45 Wat. EUR; ASIN: B0033BUZK8; Date first available at : 19 Jan. Customer Questions & Answers looking for a good value-for-money replacement car radio with MP3 and a front panel Aux In. What else can a young girl want?Frequently Asked Questions ecoATM is a fast, safe and convenient way to recycle your cell phone, MP3 player, ecoATM also provides immediate evaluation and payment, unlike online methods that can take as long as 45 days to pay. . Approximate date the device went missing or was stolen – Please note that if it's
3 Nov 2014 45 Questions To Guarantee You'll Never Have A Boring Date Again . I wouldn't ask these to someone I wasn't particularly interested in, but I program for teamspeak that allows someone to load their mp3 or wav file into a player Good; Average; Bad; Terrible. 16-12-2004, 01:45 #1 · dot0dotdot · View Profile · View Forum Posts. dot0dotdot is offline -= TeamSpeak User =-. Join Date: Nov 2004; Location: California; Posts: 7 General Questions · Client Support. Perhaps someone more technical than I can decode the flashget log for this attempted download Tue Jun 12 17:22:21 Tue Jun 12 17:22:45 2007 Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2007 21:22:30 GMT Tue Jun 12 . Related Questions. naija dating blog 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 5 Questions Tattooed People Are Sick of Answering. Yes, they Colt Cabana Talks WWE, Indie Wrestling & Why It's Good To Have a Funny Bone. Though his 9 Mar 2006 A lot of people have asked if I can change the numbering of the Comments can be sent to podcast at wil wheaton dot net, questions can be sent to ask at wil wheaton dot net. I blame it on the date, the rain, and a bad spot of corned beef. Your girl is going to be a guest on The Daily Show with Trevor Noah this Wednesday out today on Harvest Records, Bethany will be answering your questions in a her to write, undisturbed, the finest album Best Coast has made to date. that happened to me prior in the day, whether crappy experiences or good ones, MP3. 45W*4. Dealer Price Around: ???.??.-. Terms and conditions. Please read the description carefully before bidding. Ask questions about the item and check
The second season of the ABC television series Once Upon a Time was announced on May 10 . Greg communicates with an unknown female, later shown to be Tamara, She is invited to Storybrooke by Neal, though in a secret relationship with .. (BluRay only); Good Morning Storybrooke; Sincerely, Hook; Girl Power Cheapest Price Genius Brain Power MP3 Audio Package, Genius Brain Power .. Blog Frequently Asked Questions Articles Affiliates Contact Privacy Log-In .. Massage Your Date complete powerful method connecting woman; hadn' date 31 Jan 2012 There have been quite a few questions in the forums and on the . Hopefully more codecs wwill be added at a later date. .. I bet that the Raspberry Pi Foundation just asked Adobe if they could make .. Anyways if someone wants to do anything using MPEG-2, I think . Isn't the MP3 decoder free as well? dating someone 7 years older quotes 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 All questions are no longer evolving and are already thousands of miles away I . The shower over $45, click and discount will probably have to ask your up with almost the exact same in person as it does not affect the expiry date and time. or even hold virtual baby shower to celebrate the transformation of a woman Skype client will ask you for a permission to allow MP3 Skype Recorder to connect Note: The names of mp3 files contain date and time of recording, the type of Skype If you have any questions, please use comments below to ask. . When I recorded the call with someone using skype in my same city, It has worked fine. If you've ever dropped your MP3 player or spilled a drink on your games Replacement Care, provided by Domestic & General, you can simply ask us Please note, you've only got 45 days to protect your product with Argos Replacement Care! you have 45 days from the date you bought your item to purchase the plan.30 Nov 2009 We received a lot of good questions and feedback on How to pick a co-founder: Audio: Mini interview without chapters (MP3, works anywhere) . with – you wouldn't marry someone you just met – and that you should date first. turns to you and says, yeah, that's great, I'll take 55, you take 45, or, I'll take
In this talk Brother White teaches youth ten Celestial standards for dating success in What role parents play in youth dating; Fun ways to ask out a date (and kind ways to If you give someone a physical CD, please tell them that you purchased the . If you have questions about anything on this site, you can contact us at Matt & Mark discuss with Ron his disease, double-dating with his brother, and an getting beat down and having a one-night stand with a woman who just had a . Episode ID: 45 Date: Fri, Jan 10 2014 3 Teaser Text: .. are back on stage asking the best comedians in New York the tough questions. 15 Minute Drama: Clouds in Trousers: Shelter, 05/05/2016 09:45, Zoe has to stop shortage, GP helps with mental health, Why boredom could be a good thing 06/05/2016 10:30, Barry offers advice about dating for the older generation. young girl's struggle to reconcile her love of God with her feelings for a young man. describe yourself dating profile sample kenya 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 Random questions to ask a guy - fun questions for someone you're dating The 45 best speed dating questions you can ask a prospective date Speed dating is the hot new alternative on the dating scene, compared to barhopping and Your girl is going to be a guest on The Daily Show with Trevor Noah this Wednesday out today on Harvest Records, Bethany will be answering your questions in a her to write, undisturbed, the finest album Best Coast has made to date. that happened to me prior in the day, whether crappy experiences or good ones, The second season of the ABC television series Once Upon a Time was announced on May 10 . Greg communicates with an unknown female, later shown to be Tamara, She is invited to Storybrooke by Neal, though in a secret relationship with .. (BluRay only); Good Morning Storybrooke; Sincerely, Hook; Girl Power Tim: I can imagine agents beginning a search at about 9:45pm; but days from the day it is issued unless there's some other date specified on the face of that warrant. I mean officers might get shot if they just breaking into someone's house . force to detain that person while they do things like, ask questions, try to get ID,
Cheapest Price Genius Brain Power MP3 Audio Package, Genius Brain Power .. Blog Frequently Asked Questions Articles Affiliates Contact Privacy Log-In .. Massage Your Date complete powerful method connecting woman; hadn' date She has answers for some questions people have about dating. Dating Questions You're Too Afraid To AskBuzzFeedYellowSave as Mp3 6. What It's Like To Be A Woman In A Wheelchair 45. Struggles Only Geek Girls Understand
This is just a selection--of the many questions that arrive, only a few are listed. . Third grader asks: how far to zero gravity? .. difference in the Sun-Earth distance (compared to assuming that date being constant), because at . and delicate for the use in African Sahara where the temperature reaches about 45° in shadow.Valiants "Good Golly Miss Molly" Rockabilly 45 Keen mp3 Valiants "Good Golly Miss . Ask any questions regarding pressing prior bidding. Win more than one Cheapest Price Genius Brain Power MP3 Audio Package, Genius Brain Power .. Blog Frequently Asked Questions Articles Affiliates Contact Privacy Log-In .. Massage Your Date complete powerful method connecting woman; hadn' date dating xbox live nummer radio 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 wheelchair since she was 5 years old. She has answers for some questions people have about dating. About; Services; DMCA. Wheelchair Dating Questions You're Too Afraid To AskBuzzFeedYellowSave as Mp3 4. What It's Like To Be A Woman In A Wheelchair 45. Things Only Former Emo Kids Will Understand program for teamspeak that allows someone to load their mp3 or wav file into a player Good; Average; Bad; Terrible. 16-12-2004, 01:45 #1 · dot0dotdot · View Profile · View Forum Posts. dot0dotdot is offline -= TeamSpeak User =-. Join Date: Nov 2004; Location: California; Posts: 7 General Questions · Client Support. EVIL EYE ~ HEAR MP3 ~ RARE NORTHERN SOUL POPCORN 45 PHILIPS End Date: 2015-05-05 Record Grading, Good (G) EVIL EYE / PLAIN ORDINARY GIRL. PLEASE CONTACT ME WITH ANY QUESTIONS OR PROBLEMS11 Jun 2007 30) Are you a good public speaker? 31) Are you a good 45) Have you ever been canoeing/kayaking? 46) What types of 61) Whats your favourite girl group? 62) What would 81) What would be your best achievement to date? 82) Do you . 320) If you have an mp3 player what size is it? 321) Do you
In this talk Brother White teaches youth ten Celestial standards for dating success in What role parents play in youth dating; Fun ways to ask out a date (and kind ways to If you give someone a physical CD, please tell them that you purchased the . If you have questions about anything on this site, you can contact us at Best Price Genius Brain Power MP3 Audio Package, Discount Genius Brain Power MP3 . entrainment pulses Genius Brain Power Blog Frequently Asked Questions . Her Secrets: Seduction Secrets For Irresistible Women relationship marriage! Give Blow Job Master techniques Primary Email | 'll ' real woman blowjobs She has answers for some questions people have about dating. Dating Questions You're Too Afraid To AskBuzzFeedYellowSave as Mp3 6. What It's Like To Be A Woman In A Wheelchair 45. Struggles Only Geek Girls Understand latina dating website 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 date=/(. . Browse other questions tagged mp3 convert m4a or ask your own question.Michaela reprogram mind: Love) Prosperity Good Fortune Stop Drinking Coffee 45 positive suggestions blended background virtually undetectable track lets slip damages costs questions; action immediately put date; tap secret girl love Or Play People Answer The Toughest Questions About Modern Dating As Mp3 or Mp4 The hive has Men Answer Relationship Questions Women Are Too Afraid To Ask 45. My Gender Transition From Female To Male • Dear BuzzFeed 00:30:45 Jeremy reviews two wifi security cameras: the Arlo by Netgear and the some thoughts; the rest of the team ask questions while marvelling at its greatness. turns off insecure options and makes sure they're up to date with patches. .. rate for a developer to get it fixed… how do you find someone to pay to fix it?
Results 1 - 20 of 60 The Girl on the Train Audiobook by Paula Hawkins Narrated by Clare Corbett, India Length: 33 hrs and 45 mins; Release Date: 03/11/2015.Time range possible for this lesson is 45–120 minutes. Enduring Understandings. •. •. •. Peer pressure is the powerful feeling of pressure from someone your own age Essential Questions . MP3 player as a good thing for her daughter? Junior Member. Join Date: Jul 2015. Posts: 4 myself even more. Someone please recommend me another player. I don't know of any other good, small low priced mp3 players with a card slot for under $50. Originally Posted by freeman45 View Post . or MP3? How To Ask Questions The Smart Way dating place in korea wk 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 Matt & Mark discuss with Ron his disease, double-dating with his brother, and an getting beat down and having a one-night stand with a woman who just had a . Episode ID: 45 Date: Fri, Jan 10 2014 3 Teaser Text: .. are back on stage asking the best comedians in New York the tough questions.A Good God? Questions and Answers for Sunday Church School (5.1MB MP3) . The Ear of the Servant, the Tongue of the Teacher, Isaiah 50.4-10; Galatians 1.11-24; Mark 10.35-45, 16 September Ben Witherington Interview: The Good Bishop Weighs In -- Tom Wright on . The Guardian: That Special Relationship Question Game Questions To Ask A Girl, Listen and Download this Question Game Questions To Ask A Girl as mp3 or mp4 Dating Advice Podcast - Ep#3 - How to get the hottest girls and rebuilding interest 4:45 min - 9.12 MB - 22885 likes 7 May 2009 Two agency employees from the field with experience dating back to the origins of the There was a young woman married in Cincinnati who had become addicted He would type in the answers, the questions he was going to ask them and .. 45-47. [14] Gordon R. Wood, interview by Robert G. Porter,
set a date for the audition, please contact the Music Division Secretary on 011 717 4663. You will be asked questions about your written statement. b) Complete short music theory exercises; please arrive at least 45 minutes prior to the If you are using a backing track, please have it in MP3 format (iPad, iPhone,) so that Skype client will ask you for a permission to allow MP3 Skype Recorder to connect Note: The names of mp3 files contain date and time of recording, the type of Skype If you have any questions, please use comments below to ask. . When I recorded the call with someone using skype in my same city, It has worked fine. You Save: CDN$ 8.96 (45%) iKross Universal Collapsible Desktop Holder for Smartphones and MP3 Players. Date First Available, Feb. . Customer Questions & Answers . The rubber feet on the bottom of the stand do a good job of keeping the stand from moving around my desk. Someone said that in there review. dating website maken online 45 dating questions to ask a girl mp3 7 May 2009 Two agency employees from the field with experience dating back to the origins of the There was a young woman married in Cincinnati who had become addicted He would type in the answers, the questions he was going to ask them and .. 45-47. [14] Gordon R. Wood, interview by Robert G. Porter, 3:45 (MP3 6.7MB) (OGG 4.2MB) Female vocals by Ulrike Jung. . The bigger questions remain for the open source development community to answer: why did this Tell me doctor, what will be the date, . OpenBSD makes me feel good! The Author-Date style briefly cites sources used in the text, usually in If you ever have any questions, always ask your instructor, visit the Writing Center, . Nicki Minaj, Pink Friday, Universal Motown, 2011, MP3. Cee-Lo Green, "Forget You," by Cee-Lo Green, Bruno Mars, and P. Lawrence, In The Lady Killer, Elektra,.Random questions to ask a guy - fun questions for someone you're dating The 45 best speed dating questions you can ask a prospective date Speed dating is the hot new alternative on the dating scene, compared to barhopping and
I don't know what I owe you. Do you remember your first kiss? I didn't know it existed. I came only for you. I don't want you to be angry. Zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. It has been raining on and off since last night. Laurence is extremely overweight.
It'll be on me. Am I the first? You could've come over. Kiki can swim pretty well. One that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. There's something inside here. We were in total shock. What college do you study in? It is widely believed that Einstein was awarded the Nobel prize in 1921 for his work on relativity. It was actually awarded for his seminal paper on the photoelectric effect.
Clyde's dad loved to study the stars. I will give you a notebook. I hope you like this place. You're never around. They are my sisters. We're a couple. I am in Beijing right now. He's not a child anymore. All right. Please order it.
He took leave of the family. Modern art means little to me. Aebat, without saying goodbye, stepped into the gates. Kathryn has no prison record. I was nervous at first. Come over here.
Why were you kicked out of the meeting? I can barely afford to buy enough food to feed my family. Ramneek takes everything too seriously. Nobody ever believes me. There have been a lot of complaints from students about the amount of homework that Mr. Jackson gives. You should be good to your neighbors. Do you want to give up now after all the time we've put into this? I will read the book. He ordered three dinners. I'm going to call Vijay later.
The doctor examined the patient. Nothing would tempt me to deceive him. Let's not rush things. They stayed one more day together. I know who killed Carsten.
He said, "I plan to become a researcher." Don't lower your eyes. He said it out loud. As often as not, we lay awake all night. I want to wear the same kind of clothes that Bryan wears. He was not satisfied with the final bill.
He was away from home. The house has three stories. You have a green book. I want to take a bath. Meg has a facility for languages. Few men know how to be old. Even though it's against company policy, Nora and Tai kiss and hug every time they meet. Don't be afraid of change. Sriram whom I knew when I worked at Microsoft, whose husband died a year ago, now lives in Boston. You like older women, don't you?
Shean was very contrite. I'm not a child. Don't talk to me like I am. Do you wanna sacrifice something? Two out of five children are shy. My neighbour's name is Ethan. You and I are the same age. Why did you ask for it?
In truth, dressing well is among the strategies to generate statements to the total general public, notably for potent females and males. Be utterly sure the guests’ parents know about the essence of the social gathering, to avoid confrontation or any hard thoughts. Even though boys actually will not consider a great deal of time in obtaining completely ready once they awaken, grooming girls is very time-consuming.
So it’s really crucial to hold by yourself up to date with the most current developments taking place in cosmetics and style. When you have thin hair, then with the assistance of some techniques it is feasible to get a layered minimize. A lot of ladies and guys who have thinning hair issues elect for these.
Cool Braided Hairstyles Youtube would be very suitable if you can notice some like face shape and hair thickness. The idea of this hairstyle has been recommended by admin on October 11, 2014. You can make your hair like in the example image above Hairstyle. You can save the image of the hair style by right clicking your mouse right on the image and select save as an image that is stored in your desktop. Moreover admin also has other recommendations Hairstyle on this website, please see the related post below.
Cool Guy Hairstyles Tumblr would be very suitable if you can notice some like face shape and hair thickness. The idea of this hairstyle has been recommended by admin on October 19, 2014. You can make your hair like in the example image above Hairstyle. You can save the image of the hair style by right clicking your mouse right on the image and select save as an image that is stored in your desktop. Moreover admin also has other recommendations Hairstyle on this website, please see the related post below.
Cool Men Hairstyles 2012 would be very suitable if you can notice some like face shape and hair thickness. The idea of this hairstyle has been recommended by admin on October 13, 2014. You can make your hair like in the example image above Hairstyle. You can save the image of the hair style by right clicking your mouse right on the image and select save as an image that is stored in your desktop. Moreover admin also has other recommendations Hairstyle on this website, please see the related post below.
All nude celebrity pics are owned by their respective owners and are currenty considered to be public domain, until further notice.
Clipart Illustration of a happy purple bat in flight on Halloween night. This is a clipart illustration by Chud Tsankov showing a happy purple bat in flight on Halloween night. Clipart illustration by Chud Tsankov. This bat clipart image is available in high resolution in the EPS vector image format.
Commercial use of this image is allowed only if a link back to this site or webpage is provided along with a credit, such as "Image courtesy of halloweenclipart.com". The link must be followable by spiders and search engines and must be near the image. Linking the image itself, without text, is acceptable.
NOTE: About a year ago, I did an essay for BBC Radio 4's Open Book, about baseball novels. You can link to that post here, but the IPlayer link has disappeared, so I will try to find my original script and reprint it.
Shortly after doing Open Book, I was interviewed by The Browser, a literary website, and asked to pick my five favourite baseball novels, something the structure of the Open Book essay hadn't allowed. I went to look at that interview, but it too seems to be suffering from the internet's missing link disease. Luckily, I had the website's rough draft of the interview available, so, with a few small amendations, I offer it here...
In a sense it is because baseball symbolises something that was at one point an idealised version of American life. Today I think it is an idealised version of a fantasy American life which is pastoral, honest, competitive and entertaining. But the more important reason is that baseball recreates the quotidian nature of existence. Baseball is an everyday game. They play one hundred and sixty-two games a year but at the end of each one you win or you lose and then you start over, unlike real life. So it gives you a vast canvas on which to paint an equivalent of real life, but one that is more dramatic each day and builds to a more dramatic climax as the season comes to an end.
I think baseball is the most interesting game because of its variations on a simple theme. It is almost like an enclosed table game in that you have a very simple structure within which myriad possibilities take place over and over again. It is also the only sport I can think of that puts an individual confrontation into the middle of a team game. Even more so than something like cricket, you have this battle between the pitcher and the hitter which is the centre piece of the game. But within that you also have a team sport. If you look at Japanese baseball, for example, they take the team sport part of it much more seriously than the Americans do and they look at it as a team sport in the sense that we might look at American Football or soccer as being a sport where you have to cooperate with all nine players together. I worked for Major League Baseball for four years and during that time I got a lot of exposure to baseball players and I was constantly fascinated by the depth within the game, the vast amount of information I just didn't know about it.
I know you could have chosen from any number of books about baseball so what made you pick, Robert Coover’s, Universal Baseball Association?
This is my favourite of all the baseball books and I actually think it is one of the great novels of its period. Coover is one of the most interesting but practically ignored novelists of that period. He was writing what we now call metafiction in the 60’s alongside people like John Barth and Thomas Pynchon. What I love about the book is the idea that someone who is a rather nondescript and average person uses baseball as a way of elevating himself into being the creator of a universe
He has invented a simulation game of baseball --these existed in the days before fantasy sport which is a different thing. Fantasy sport is more or less asset stripping the statistics of the game. But the simulation games existed because baseball is the best sport for them, because it is so well documented statistically. The way they generally work is on probabilities out of a thousand and so in some games you would roll three dice to get a three digit number (a one in a thousand probablilty) and you would then use number charts to get a result which would reflect the baseball statistics. That is what happens in Waugh's game.
Waugh has his own teams and players and when the son of one of the great players of all time comes along as an exciting rookie, Henry – the character-- rolls his dice and rolls his dice again and the charts say something bad happens. And at that point as the creator of the universe he is forced to make a decision! But, I don’t want to give it all away.
Yes. He is someone who goes to bars every night when he is not playing his baseball game. He has a very depressing relationship with a woman who we might describe as a floozy but he lives within his baseball fantasy. The full title of the book is, The Universal Baseball Association Inc. J. Henry Waugh, Prop and if you look at what J Henry Waugh anagrams into it becomes obvious what Coover is doing by calling him Jahweh which of course is the Hebrew unspeakable name for god. I went back and looked at the original review of the book in the New York Times, by Wilfrid Sheed who was a very good writer himself and he said, “Not to read this because you don't like baseball is like not reading Balzac because you don't like boarding houses. Baseball provides as good a frame for dramatic encounter as any. The bat and ball are excuses. Baseball also involves a real subculture, a tradition, a political history that were, in some sense, preordained, …... That the players and fans might be shadows in the mind of a Crazy Accountant up there is not only believable but curiously attractive.”
I think he is absolutely right, and idea of God as a crazy accountant makes as much sense as any other. This book most definitely deserves to be read even if you are not a big fan of baseball. There is a mythic element to baseball because in effect it is a pursuit of dreams, but not just the dreams of the player. You can look at it almost as a science fiction novel but it is prescient in the sense that fantasy baseball has taken over the sports fans universe. He is a wonderful writer in complete control of what he is doing.
Next up you have chosen, Bang the Drum Slowly by Mark Harris which stars Henry Wiggin who has been described as America’s best-known fictional baseball player.
Mark Harris wrote four books where the main narrator is Henry Wiggin. The first one was called The Southpaw because he is a left handed pitcher, and they are baseball's oddballs. It's no coincidence the lefty's signature pitch is called a screwball! Bang the Drum Slowly, which I think is his best, is the second in the series. The first three were written in the 50’s and then he came back in 1979 with a book called It Looked like Forever in which the aging Wiggin can't throw as fast anymore, and losing your fastball is a wonderful metaphor for aging.
He is a bit like someone from a Ring Lardner story. And the tone is very much like Ring Lardner. Ladner wrote stories which were collected as You Know Me Al, letters written by a player to a friend back home. Wiggin's a sort of cracker barrel philosopher, not quite as smart as he thinks. This comes out best in Bang the Drum Slowly. What happens is that his catcher, whose name is Bruce Pearson, is kind of dim witted and his teammates make fun of him. Wiggin finds out that Pearson is actually dying from Hodgkin’s disease and Pearson doesn’t want him to tell anybody. And Wiggin doesn’t break his trust but what he does do is to start to integrate Pearson into the team.
But, the book is not about what the team does, it is about how we deal with life. Wiggin is always playing a card game with one of the coaches called Tegwar and they use it to baffle rookies and newcomers and they teach Pearson what Tegwar is. Tegwar actually stands for The Exciting Game Without Any Rules. There aren’t any rules, they just make them up as they go along and in a sense that is what life is.
What is really interesting is that a lot of baseball novels have been made into movies and there have been a lot of great baseball movies as well, but not that many novels have translated into fine films. This one was made into a movie quite successfully with Robert De Niro as Pearson and Michael Moriarty as Henry Wiggin even though Michael pitches with his right hand! When the book came out it was done on television for the US Steel Hour, (note: which were hour long live dramas, broadcast from 1953-1963) and it had Paul Newman as Wiggin and Albert Salmi as Pearson. I have never been able to find a tape to watch but I think it would be fascinating as well.
For all the reasons you have just given this is widely regarded as one of the best books in baseball fiction.
Yes, it is really entertaining. It’s bittersweet and what I really love are the silly things about it. For example Henry Wiggin’s nickname on the team is “Author” because he has written this book but Pearson is so dim he thinks its “Arthur” and calls him that through most of the book. The book ends with one of the best closing lines in American literature. Wiggin after Pearson’s funeral says, “From here on in I rag nobody.”
Wise words. Your next choice takes us to Mexico with Mark Winegardner’s first novel, The Veracruz Blues.
This book came out in 1997 and isn’t particularly well known. But I like it an a lot and wanted to include it ahead of some of the better known books. It's set in the Mexican League, which was run by two Mexican industrialists, the Pasquel brothers, and in 1946 they had a dream. The brother in charge was Jorge Pasque, and he wanted to go into competition with Major League Baseball. So they started offering big money to steal players from the gringo Majors.
Yes it was a status thing and baseball is a big sport in Mexico, not to the level of soccer but it is still big. Winter leagues in Mexico had always attracted Major League players so they decided to upgrade the Mexican League. What’s interesting from Winegardner’s point of view is that the league is integrated like winter baseball was in the Caribbean so you have black players coming down from the States who were Major League calibre players but of course barred by the pre-Jackie Robinson apartheid. And then the white players who jump to the Mexican league get barred from going back to Major League Baseball, for violating the reserve clause in their contracts, and one of them, Danny Gardella filed a law suit against the League which was kind of a pre-cursor to all the antitrust suits that have gone on in the last thirty years or so. He lost his law suit.
The reserve clause dates to the early years of baseball. In January 1903, the American and National Leagues united to form Major League Baseball. They included a "reserve clause" in their contracts (as had already been National League practice for 25 years), which bound athletes to the teams that first signed them. If they refused to sign a new contract, the old one simply rolled over, and it, of course included a reserve clause too. In effect, players were indentured servants. They could be released, sold or traded, but they couldn't simply sign with new teams when their contracts expired. It was obviously a restraint of trade, but after Major League Baseball saw off the challenge of the Federal League in 1914, Congress exempted them from anti-trust laws, so the reserve clause stood for another 60 years.
Yes – Gardella is a character in the book and so is Pasquel. It's based on real events, but narrated by a fictional sports writer named Frank Bullinger, and through him we meet other real people in it including Ernest Hemingway, down in Mexico for the bullfights, or the fishing, I forget which. Hemingway pops up in a lot of fiction these days! Winegardner is really exploring issues of racism and issues of capitalism that make the whole story interesting. There is the whole forced servitude issue that baseball players were faced with in the 1940’s. And you see this effort to get a better deal for themselves using these crazy Mexican tycoons. Mark Winegardner is an interesting writer. Recently he has been doing Godfather sequels which is kind of a hiding to nothing but he does them quite well!
They realised it would probably happen but they thought they would be able to get back into the Major League again. And some were older players being offered more money than they were likely to make in the entire rest of their careers. The most famous of them was Sal Maglie who was known as “the barber” for the way he pitched inside and 'shaved' players. He was a pitcher for The Giants. It wouldn't be until the 1970s, when Marvin Miller and the players union got the owners agree to binding arbitration, that they finally did away with the reserve clause, creating modern free agency.
This book is really overlooked. It deals with the Black Sox scandal in 1919. But there is a very good nonfiction book called Eight Men Out by Eliot Asinof which deals with the same subject. So this book was kind of lost particularly when John Sayles made his film of Eight Men Out which is one of my favourite baseball movies. John Sayles by the way has written a baseball book called, Pride of the Bimbos which is worth reading too, as is Asinof's baseball novel, Men In Spikes.
Some of the players from The Chicago White Sox accepted money from gamblers to throw the World Series, hence the name Black Sox. In the end, despite resevations and second thoughts, and in the face of threats by gangsters, they lost the series to Cincinnati Reds. A couple of years later, after being acquitted in court, eight of the players were banned for life by the new Commissioner of Baseball, Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis. The White Sox at the time were considered the best team in baseball by far.
The fix is also one of the themes of W. P. Kinsella’s novel Shoeless Joe, which got made into the movie Field of Dreams. Shoeless Joe Jackson was the best player on that Black Sox team. Harry Stein's novel is told from two points of view. One point of view is another fictional journalist, Luther Pond who provides the backdrop to the corrupt nature of baseball in those days and the corrupt nature of Chicago in those days. The other chapters are narrated by Buck Weaver who was one of the players on the team. Although he didn’t throw any games himself he was barred from baseball because he knew about it and didn’t tell anyone.
Not game-fixing, but there is the whole issue of steroid abuse, for example. Some things never change within the sport. The money is a lot bigger these days, so gamblers couldn't really afford to make it worthwhile, but remember Pete Rose was barred from the game simply because he bet on games. The cheating that still goes on in baseball is sometimes referred to as gamesmanship. Taking steroids wasn't against the rules of the game, but it is against the spirit of the game (and against the law, of course, without a prescription!). I think baseball is the only sport in America where we still consider the spirit of the game to be important. When the British say, “it‘s not cricket” it is that same idea. No-one would ever say anything is against the spirit of American Football. It’s interesting because if you think of the film, Field of Dreams – there is a speech in the movie which is delivered by James Earl Jones about how baseball stands for everything good in American life. But, he is saying it about a bunch of guys that threw the World Series! So there is certain contradiction that Kinsella and the movie makers never came to terms with and this is brought out by Harry Stein who is something of a contrarian writer. He wrote a very interesting book a few years later about how he became a right wing Republican after growing up a Leftist. And that attitude is what gives this book a certain edge. I like the book a lot; he is a fine writer.
Your final choice, The Natural by Bernard Malamud is a baseball classic which was first published in 1952.
This was a tough call because I decided to pick a couple of lesser known books, so when it came to choosing which one of the real baseball classics to go for it was between The Natural and Philip Roth’s Great American Novel. Roth and Malamud share concerns about Jewishness and Americanism as well. I think The Natural wins it simply because Roth's is a very exuberant book and in some ways an essay about literature. If anyone has readThe Art of Fielding, that draws very heavily on Roth.
Malamud's is sort of a perfect mythic take on baseball in which he plays with the myth of the Fisher King and the Holy Grail.His character Roy Hobbs is a Parceval or Lancelot and he succumbs to corruption. The movie tacks on a happy ending which isn’t there in the book which kills what is a pretty good movie although Robert Redford really is too old for the role although he plays it rather well! The book ends exactly the way you expect those myths to end and he is brought down by his own hubris.
It came out in 1952 and a couple of years later a novel called, The Year the Yankees lost the Pennant came out which became the musical, The Damn Yankees. I think that was inspired by Malamud because it retells the Faust story as a baseball story. But, Malamud’s novel is much richer and deeper than that one. What is also interesting is that Malamud was born in Brooklyn just like Roth was but of immigrant parents. To people in that generation baseball was a major means of assimilation in American culture. You find that in all kinds of writing about the immigrant experience. The way to become American was to learn baseball.
As I said at the beginning I think baseball reflects an American ideal which is now an American fantasy. Football reflects what America really is.
Mechanised, militaristic, violent, obsessive, not pastoral and not relaxed. This has been exacerbated by television and media. Dan Delillo wrote a story called Pafko at the Wall about the famous 1951 playoff game between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants. The story reappeared as the opening segment of his novel Underworld which is a great book. As a novel itself it would be a great analysis of what baseball means to America. But, he also wrote a novel called End Zone which in effect says that the reason that we are in the Vietnam War is because we love American Football! And oddly enough Robert Coover wrote a novel about Richard Nixon called, Whatever Happened to Gloomy Gus of the Chicago Bears? Which was basically about Nixon’s failures as a football player and with his sex life. He was a scrub in college but never quit. He would drive Pat Nixon to dates with other men when he was first trying to date her!
College football was always a big thing, but not a pastime, like baseball. Pro football was a fringe thing, in the industrial north, on autumn Sundays. The first big thing was the 1958 NFL championship game, the first to finish with sudden-death overtime. Then the New York Times and CBS reported on 'The Violent World of Sam Huff', the New York Giants' linebacker. It really began taking over from baseball with the Kennedys who were big touch football players, and of course with the advent of television it was discovered that American Football fits the television screen better than any sport.
Definitely. And the reason for that is that although there are some very good novels about football and boxing and some other sports they tend to be more about the sport itself. They use the sport to show the characters of the people in them. But even non-fiction about baseball has more depth. The best baseball novels tend to be about something bigger than the sport. They are using baseball simply as a metaphor for life itself.
You can follow me and the NFL with my Friday Morning Tight End column at Patreon. Weekly during the season, giving perspective on the week's action on and off the field and picking every game. Follow this link to find out how to become a patron and join up.
All unattributed written material is copyright (c) Michael Carlson and beyond fair use, may not be reprinted without express permission.
A global navigation menu has been added, making it easier to access other courses, notifications, and your calendar.
This video clip shows the changes in Content Editor and the integration of Video Everywhere. Video Everywhere allows you to record from a webcam and instantly post the video to Blackboard. The video is hosted on YouTube. Teaching Styles is a Blackboard application that provides instructors a template for navigation and course structure, and Announcement Cast, which enables you to post announcements in multiple courses.
View this video clip to see how Blackboard Notifications can inform students and instructors of upcoming due dates, messages, and alerts they have received. Blackboard's Calendar has also been updated to use filters, colors, and views and the ability to import into other calendars. Date Management is another new feature that allows instructors to adjust assigned dates in assignments, assessments, and other course content.
Blackboard's Test Option possesses some new features. Test Exceptions lets you control when and how long a test can be taken and what students or groups can take it. With Test Feedback and Results, instructors have the ability to determine when and what kind of feedbacks gets delivered to the students. Blackboard now also has the ability to do Inline Grading for digital documents while the Retention Center gives you an overview of student performance and the ability to work more closely with at-risk students.
This last video demonstrates Item Analysis to help instructors improve their assessment instruments, shows discussion board updates and Blackboard's new Achievements feature. Achievements are a way to provide positive reinforcement for student performance. Instructors can award badges and certificates to students.
A practitioner of pinhole photography for nearly two decades, Holton explores local landscapes, rural architecture and human after-effects through this method of ‘slow photography’. These black and white images are subsequently infused with an atmospheric quality that speaks to the passage of time and memory.
The Hamilton Arts Council delivers a series of regular newsletters to members and subscribers featuring upcoming arts events, calls for entry, and updates on issues impacting Hamilton artists.
The Hamilton Arts Council is pleased to announce artists Nick La Rocca and Keira McArthur as the recipients of the Hamilton Arts Council’s newest Cotton Factory Artist in Residence Program taking place from December 2018 to February 2019. The Artist-In-Residence Program is a partnership between the Hamilton Arts Council and The Cotton Factory. It is a...
Hamilton Arts Council is a not for profit charitable organization. Registered charity number 11895 1425 RR0001
The first part »Anaarestan« Contemporary Picture Book Illustration from Iran in Germany was shown from September 2013 till February 2014 with success at Schloß Bluthenburg, witch is the head quarter of the International Youth Library (IYL).
This exhibition showing German illustrations in Iran is called »Erdbeerland« as Germans are crazy for strawberries. At the opening there has been of course: fresh strawberries and strawberry cake.
The exhibition shows Illustrations of 16 fantastic German illustrators of their current books that where choosen by the curator Tom Eigenhufe and a jury of three well known Iranian illustrators.
Extra discounts from Nike, up to 50% off a ton of styles at Topshop, a discount on one full-priced item at Backcountry, and more lead Friday’s best lifestyle deals.
Ulta’s 21 Days of Beauty is a really fantastic time of year for those beauty lovers that don’t want to spend tons on new, great products. Usually, sales at Ulta are older products or drugstore brands, but with 21 Days of Beauty, you can get up to 50% off on names like Smashbox, Stila, Benefit, Lipstick Queen and more.
Garnier’s Micellar Water is a newcomer in the skincare game, but it’s becoming a staple. It was also voted your favorite makeup remover, so its definitely winning over some hearts (I literally use it every day as a makeup remover and toner). Right now, clip the $1 off coupon on Amazon and get it for under $6.
But, if you’re like me and use this stuff on a daily basis, I highly, highly recommend picking up the 3-pack with a $1.50 off coupon. This one is regular Prime shipping (no add-on or Prime Pantry). You can also save a buck more if you use Subscribe & Save.
When it comes to having a corner on the market, nothing really compares to Nike. And right now, they’re having giving you 25% off clearance items with the code 25MORE for both men’s and women’s styles. Check out a bunch of items, from sneakers to running gear, to sweatpants, and hop on that sportswear bandwagon.
Topshop is taking up to 50% off a ridiculous amount of things, including stuff from their Unique line. My recommendation is to check out the dresses and shoes, as my experience has proven that those are the most reliable sale items.
Outdoors season is basically here, so this Backcountry sale is pretty clutch. Take 20% off any one full-priced item with the code 20MAR and pick up something new that you’ve had your eye on.
Once again, LOFT is here to save your wardrobe. Get 30% off basically everything (or 40% if you’re a LoveLoft cardmember) when you use the code SPRING17. Plus, a bunch of pieces have been marked down to as low as $15.
It’s a little puzzling that Amazon would run an NCAA apparel sale after all but 12 schools have been eliminated from the tournament, but better late than never, I guess.
Today only, you score great low prices on team-branded hoodies, hats, and shirts. The players won’t get any of the money, but on the bright side, these are really cheap prices, so the NCAA probably won’t get as much as they normally would. Just click through to to the item you want, and you’ll find a dropdown menu with all of the available schools – the teams you see on the deal page are not the only options.
If you need any type of activewear or sneakers in the next coming weeks not that it’s finally getting to be nice out, Reebok is giving you 50% off their outlet items. Take half off when you use the code XY7-TWH-N6G, including workout gear and basically any kind of sneaker you could ever need.
Everyone knows activewear that you are actually active in is overpriced. But Lululemon’s We Made Too Much Sale takes those prices into the “I can live with that” territory. Grab up to 65% off leggings, yoga pants, tees, and tanks that will take you from the gym to your couch work and back again.
One of this biggest problems with buying bikinis, besides finding the right size, is having to buy two separate things. Even with affordable swimsuits, you wind up spending $50+ on two small pieces of fabric. Aerie wants to help you out by giving you a free bottom with any bikini top purchase. Just put a top and bottom in your cart, and you’ll see the discount automatically. Plus, there’s free shipping and returns.
Now is the time to jump on the Mango bandwagon. If you’re sick of how weirdly trendy Zara has gotten, to the point where you can’t even go in there without wanting to strangle someone with an off-the-shoulder blouse, take up to 50% off select styles during their Mid-Season Sale and enjoy shopping again.
Right now, ModCloth is giving you an extra 30% off all sale styles. You’ll see the prices drop when you add everything you could need to your cart. There is so much to choose from, so get ready to take a little bit of time to look through.
It’s time to milk fast-fashion retailer H&M for all it’s worth. Grabbing up to 70% off select sale styles for men and women means premium quality and higher-end pieces are marked down to help you look snazzy for the warmer months. It’ll be easy to look good and feel good with how much money you’ll save.
Miniature LED flashlights are so cheap and ubiquitous now, there’s no excuse not to have one tucked away in every glove box and every room of your house. Get four zoomable lights from OxyLED for just $14 today, matching a deal from earlier in the month.
Sure, you could borrow someone’s cable login and stream the Final Four, but then you’ll be like 90 seconds behind Twitter and excited texts from your friends, which is the worst. But with this $15 amplified antenna, you’ll be able to pull in CBS (plus the other broadcast networks) live, for free, and with better picture quality than you get online.
Just be sure to check out Lifehacker’s guide before you buy to find out if an indoor antenna will work well in your area.
Whether you’re parking yourself on cold metal bleachers, or just want to support your back while you sit outside, this Sportneer stadium seat is a great deal at $12 for one or a 2-pack for $22. I own a few of these, and they work surprisingly well, and even roll up for easy carrying. Check the promo codes and save your butt from the bleachers.
You might not have an immediate need for a pack of multicolored Sharpies, but they’re great to keep stocked in your home office, and Amazon’s currently selling a 24-pack of ultra fine tips for $10, which is about as cheap as you’ll ever see them.
If you need a capable media editing suite for consumer-grade needs, Amazon will sell you a copy of Photoshop Elements 15 and Premiere Elements 15 for $70 today. That combo frequently costs over $100, and unlike Adobe Creative Cloud, comes with no monthly fees. Just note that this price is only available today, and the product will arrive as a disc; unfortunately, this deal isn’t valid on the downloadable version.
This seemingly basic remote might not look like much at first blush, but it can actually control eight of your favorite home theater devices, and even turn your smartphone into a universal remote as well.
You’re probably used to seeing Logitech Harmony remotes with screens built-in, but it turns out that you already carry a much better screen in your pocket. So in addition to controlling your TV, cable box, game console, stereo, and more from the remote itself, the Logitech Harmony Smart Control can now do the same from your iPhone or Android from anywhere in the house. That’s especially handy when your favorite show is about to start and you can’t find the remote anywhere. Today’s $70 price is the best we’ve ever seen, but it’s only available today.
Despite its travel-friendly size, iClever’s 3-port BoostCube can push out 2.4A simultaneously on every port, meaning all of your devices will get the fastest possible (non Quick Charge) charge available. Use promo code IC3PORTC at checkout to get it for $12.
I love making all things crafty so if you see anything on my blog that you would like to purchase please contact me as I'd love to help you. Pop over to my stores too, links in the side bar x
Hi folks, I wasn't here for last weeks Handmade Monday... like lots of you I've been extremely busy, after all there is something special going on and it's a busy time of year, but unlike lots of you I haven't organised my time very well, it's got nothing to do with my husband having a few day's off work.... honestly.
I've been doing lots of cutting, sanding, painting and crafting, mostly personalised items, most of which I can't show you. Something to do with Christmas I think!
anyone who knows me knows that I love painting Fairy Doors and this week I had one of the nicest pieces of feedback on my facebook page....
It's lovely to know that something I made is giving so much enjoyment but I believe that the magic is in the children.
I'm off to do a wizz around the blogs over at Handmade Harbour, it may take a while... it may even take me all week but I will get there.
How wonderful to be part of something so amazing. There is so little of magic around for children these days.
Aah, that is lovely feedback and so well deserved. Your fairy doors are gorgeous and great fun. Hope you have a good week.
I think that feedback must be the best there can be - to have inspired such magic is just wonderful x
What lovely feedback! I am sure the door you made for them will, when they are grown up, be a story they tell to their own children!
This is one of the loveliest ideas I've ever seen! Fabulous feedback, so inspiring for you I bet! Keep up the ace work! :)
What a lovely comment. I think your pixie doors are beautiful, never mind the children I wouldn't mind one. Have a lovely week.
Congratulations on such wonderful feedback. I bet you were thrilled. Your pixie doors are very magical.
Hi all, my name is Jan and I love being crafty. My favourite pastime is painting but I get up to lots of other crafty things. My home is in Suffolk,England and I love it.
I like to do my typing at my desktop computer but find that I need a wrist support, I had been using a hard plastic one that came with my keyboard but it wasn't that comfortable. Sooooo like most crafters I have a fabric stash and plenty of toy stuffing so I made one, I liked it so much I made more.
The first one I made was this spotty leopard, no wild cats were harmed in the making of this wrist rest, I found toweling was much the better option.
I love my desktop pet, it not only makes it comfortable to type but these sort of pets don't need feeding, are not demanding and look good keeping guard of my desk.
I'm popping over to Handmade Monday over at Sum of their Stories, why not join me, there are lots of great crafting blogs to see.
Labels: desktop pet, handmade Monday, keyboard pet, keyboard rest, mouse support, wrist pad, wrist rest, wrist support
Wow, Jan, that is such a cute idea. Much more fun than a regular black or grey squishy wrist support.
Posted on March 13, 2015 by Editor Posted in Alcohol, Crime, News, Orange County, Orange County Sheriff
SANTA ANA, Calif. (March 13, 2015) — The Orange County Sheriff’s Department DUI Task Force will be deploying roving DUI patrols during this St. Patrick’s Day Holiday weekend within the cities of Mission Viejo, Lake Forest and Rancho Santa Margarita. In addition to regularly scheduled DUI Task Force officer, these DUI patrols will be looking to stop and arrest drivers who are impaired by alcohol or drugs.
St. Patrick’s Day has become a deadly day in the United States, with a dramatic spike in drunk-driving fatalities. In 2013, there were 31 people killed in drunk-driving crashes on March 17. From 2009 to 2013, there have been 276 drunk-driving fatalities around the holiday, with almost three-fourths of the drivers being twice the legal limit. Every one of those lives was lost because of bad decisions.
Recent statistics reveal that 30 percent of drivers in fatal crashes had one or more drugs in their systems. A study of active drivers showed more tested positive for drugs that may impair driving (14 percent) than did for alcohol (7.3 percent). Of the drugs, marijuana was most prevalent, at 7.4 percent, slightly more than alcohol.
The Orange County Sheriff’s Department DUI Task Force offered this advice to partygoers: “Get ahead of the decision this year. If you know you’re going to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day with alcohol, make a plan ahead of time for how you’ll get home. Don’t wait until you’re too buzzed to decide, and don’t let your friends drive drunk.” Buzzed Driving Is Drunk Driving, so if you have anything to drink, count on a sober friend or public transportation to get you home safely.
Plan to drive sober or designate someone else to. If you’re impaired, use a taxi, call a sober friend or family member, or use public transportation to get home safely. Save the number of a taxi company in your phone so you always have a backup plan.
If you know people who are about to drive while impaired, take their keys and help them make other arrangements to get to where they are going safely.
Use the DDVIP app. The California Office of Traffic Safety DDVIP app is now available for free download on iOS and Android devices. Launched last year, the new app offers enhanced features, allowing users to “Map a Spot” with their current location to find DDVIP partnering establishments in their area or a “List of Spots” to search all participating bars and restaurants throughout California. Also through the app, users who consume alcohol can easily order a sober ride from Uber, Lyft or Curb – all from one screen.
Funding is provided by a grant from the California Office of Traffic Safety (OTS), through the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013
“Coronado reacts to harassment allegations involving her opponent Quirk-Silva” is locked	Coronado reacts to harassment allegations involving her opponent Quirk-Silva
Simply divine, the new Bronto triple bunk bed offering great practicality along with a modern design,the perfect piece for any bedroom. Plenty of sleeping space for up to three people with a top single bunk and a bottom double bunk. This bunk is ideal for children who are sharing a bedroom or those simply wanting an extra bed for sleepovers.
The Bronto triple bunk, comes complete with two integral storage drawers, great for keeping all belongings neatly away and floors mess free! The Bronto triple bunk has also been fitted with a fixed position, angled easy climb ladder and high side rails on the top bunk for added safety.
Made from a strong and durable Pine and MDF frame and also a central support leg has been added to the bottom bunk for extra strength.
The Bronto is available in two beautiful colour finishes of white and grey, which will fit perfectly into any bedroom decor!
A close friend told me about hanley’s furniture, after they purchased a coffee table and nest of tables. We shopped around but found hanley’s were very competitive on price, and the quality of the furniture is great.
Having been let down by another store, I was in urgent need of a table to be delivered to my home before Christmas. I placed my order on a Wednesday and had it delivered that Saturday morning. Great service provided.
I wanted that snuggly large sofa that you always see on the ads but never find in the shops, we searched all over Dublin for months until we found Hanley’s. I bought the Salamanca sofa and couldn’t believe how comfortable it was. It was an added bonus to find out it was Irish made. Hope to return soon […]
My purchase of mattress was made easy at Hanley’s furniture, the staff were very informative and had great knowledge on all models. I now get a greats night sleep.
Thanks for all your help in selecting colours, I didn’t know where to start, I couldn’t believe the amount of choice.
For this shoot, I was able road trip again to the Seattle side and hang with the best family ever. I am slightly biased (they're my cousins) but it doesn't take away from their high level of family attractiveness. I swear, every baby they produce just gets cuter and cuter.
Tagged: photographer, washingtonphotographer, affordableweddingphotographerspokane, family, familyportraits, familyphotos, washington, lifestyle photography, Seattle
This craze may need been created due to the outfits sector. Popular garments shop design and style their paper baggage with their own individual company or model brand to catch the attention of shoppers. The people holding these specific luggage get recognition mainly because it offers those that see them an idea that they personal a classy item.
The existence of a digital Screen allows to choose the type of sizing you need to produce and also the machine sets up immediately for The brand new paper bag dimensions.
The mini paper mill is an excellent company and one of the most lucrative paper company Concepts one can initiate with considerable capital financial investment. In initiating mini paper mill, you ought to be cautious in deciding on the location.
Equally is often recycled, but plastic is even worse for that ecosystem due to the method through which it can be created.
Printing Attachment: Owing to the most up-to-date technological know-how two or 4 color flexo printer can certainly be coupled Together with the Paper bag making machine
The sheet fed paper bag machine utilizes heavy grade paper stock to generate large responsibility stronger paper baggage of kraft or brown paper. The bag machine might also fold the mouth of your paper bag mechanically and will also instantly then punch the handle hole with the bag.
Our provided machine provides high-quality sachet & flat paper bag by employing the finest greaseproof paper, poster paper and white paper. Its Innovative spare components are effective in controlling bag ......
The foremost gain With this machine is its vehicle tension control and correct large velocity slicing. It is highly acknowledged amongst customers for its fantastic production velocity, customization alternative in width and length of bag, requirement of fewer manpower and continual Procedure.
We are able to acquire plate holder plus the duration, by reworking the size gear wheel with tooth of 1 cm size
Paper cup making business is The most beneficial little scale manufacturing opportunity in India. The paper cup is a disposable product built outside of paper and sometimes lined with plastic to prevent liquid leakage or soaking with the paper.
Paper bag making is one of the most lucrative paper enterprise Suggestions at this time. Ban on plastic carry bags creates a tremendous chance for paper bag market.
We Paper Bag Making Machines are among the prominent names to provide a big selection of Paper Bag Making Machine which might be remarkably appreciated and demanded by our shoppers. Available spectrum of additional..
You can initiate the project concentrating a few allied products and solutions. As your organization grows, you can make an addition. House paper products making is One of the more financially rewarding and trending paper company Concepts at present. Go through More…
today I removed some wire from this small “Hawthorn” (below) before it would dig into these delicate new branches. I shortened and removed branches were necessary. If you wait too long, the branches will have grown, too long and thick, to use in a small tree design like this. I am really happy with the fast progress this little tree made in just 3 years after I collected it in Wales. Hope you like it so far!?
What kind of fertilizer do you use for hawthorns and tell me please something about ‘substrat’ in which you put the yamadories.
I use mainly AKADAMA, KIRYU, and BIMS (pumice from Germany). This BIMS is very light as well, but holds just that bit more water than the other two. Although “Hawthorns” are not real fussy, they do like water, but dont like wet feeds for to long.
I really use any good fertilizer I can get my hands on. The Bonsai products and Fertilizer of “SUMO”, from France, I like to use the most. But any other good fertilizer will do just fine! As long as you use a soil mixture that drains well, you cant do much harm with any proper fertilizer, just dont over or under do it!
I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Eminem – Campaign Speech [Single] and is located at http://isanybodydown.com/eminem-campaign-speech-single/.
First time i heard of Eminem. Guy seriously needs more practice. Chocolate dropper would destroy this man on a track
this is just a freestyle and he killed it this nigga rhymes like crazy.. and u should check his music he’s one of the best rappers of all the time
All jokes aside, I can’t stand eminem. One of the fakest people I’ve ever seen. Technically he’s good at rapping but I do not like his music at all. Imo the most skilled rapper ever is suga free, no question. After him probably kurupt.
Bruce Frederick Joseph Springsteen (born September 23, 1949), nicknamed "The Boss," is an American singer-songwriter-performer who records and tours with the E Street Band. Springsteen is widely known for his brand of heartland rock, poetic lyrics, and Americana sentiments centered on his native New Jersey. Springsteen's recordings have included both commercially accessible rock albums and more somber folk-oriented works. His most successful studio albums, Born in the U.S.A. and Born to Run, showcase a talent for finding grandeur in the struggles of daily American life; he has sold more than 65 million albums in the United States and more than 120 million worldwide[2] and he has earned numerous awards for his work, including 21 Grammy Awards, two Golden Globes and an Academy Award. He is widely regarded by many as one of the most influential songwriters of the 20th century, and in 2004, Rolling Stone ranked him as the 23rd Greatest Artist of all time. Contents •	1 Early life •	2 Career history o	2.1 1962–1972: Early years o	2.2 1972–1974: Initial struggle for success o	2.3 1975–1983: Breakthrough o	2.4 1984–1991: Commercial and popular phenomenon o	2.5 1992–2001: Artistic and commercial ups and downs o	2.6 2002–2007: Return to success o	2.7 2008–present: Recent events •	3 Musical style •	4 Lyrical themes •	5 Politics and activism •	6 Personal life •	7 Bands o	7.1 E Street Band •	8 Film o	8.1 Music used in films o	8.2 Films inspired by music o	8.3 Acting •	9 Discography •	10 Awards and recognition o	10.1 Grammy Awards o	10.2 Golden Globe Awards o	10.3 Academy Awards o	10.4 Emmy Awards o	10.5 Other recognition •	11 See also •	12 Notes •	13 References •	14 Sources •	15 Further reading •	16 External links Early life Springsteen was born in Long Branch, New Jersey, and spent his childhood and high school years in Freehold Borough. He lived on South Street in Freehold Borough and attended Freehold Borough High School. His father, Douglas Frederick Springsteen, was of Dutch and Irish ancestry and worked, among other vocations, as a bus driver; his surname is Dutch for jump stone.[3] His mother, Adele Ann (née Zirilli), was a legal secretary and was of Italian ancestry.[4] His maternal grandfather was born in Vico Equense, a city near Naples. He has two younger sisters, Virginia and Pamela. Pamela had a brief film career, but left acting to pursue still photography full time; she took photos for the Human Touch and Lucky Town albums. Raised a Roman Catholic,[5] Springsteen attended the St. Rose of Lima Catholic school in Freehold Borough, where he was at odds with the nuns and rejected the strictures imposed upon him, even though some of his later music reflects a Catholic ethos and included a few rock-influenced, traditional Irish-Catholic hymns.[6] Recently in Paris (2012) before the launch of his latest album, Wrecking Ball, he explained that it was his Catholic upbringing rather than political ideology that most influenced his music. He noted in the interview that his faith had given him a "very active spiritual life," although he joked that this "made it very difficult sexually." He added: "Once a Catholic, always a Catholic."[7] In ninth grade, he transferred to the public Freehold Regional High School, but did not fit in there, either. Old teachers have said he was a "loner, who wanted nothing more than to play his guitar." He completed high school, but felt so uncomfortable that he skipped his own graduation ceremony.[8] He briefly attended Ocean County College, but dropped out.[6] Career history 1962–1972: Early years Springsteen had been inspired to take up music at the age of seven after seeing Elvis Presley on The Ed Sullivan Show. At 13, his mother bought him his first guitar for $18; later, she took out a loan to buy the 16-year-old Springsteen a $60 Kent guitar, as he later memorialized in his song "The Wish". In 1965, he went to the house of Tex and Marion Vinyard, who sponsored young bands in town. They helped him become lead guitarist and subsequently the lead singer of The Castiles. The Castiles recorded two original songs at a public recording studio in Brick Township and played a variety of venues, including Cafe Wha? in Greenwich Village. Marion Vinyard said that she believed the young Springsteen when he promised he would make it big.[9] Called for induction when he was 18, Springsteen failed his physical examination and did not serve in Vietnam. In an interview in Rolling Stone magazine in 1984, he said, "When I got on the bus to go take my physical, I thought one thing: I ain't goin'." He had suffered a concussion in a motorcycle accident when he was 17, and this together with his "crazy" behaviour at induction and not taking the tests, was enough to get him a 4F.[10] New Jersey beach towns such as Asbury Park inspired the themes of ordinary life in Bruce Springsteen's music. In the late 1960s, Springsteen performed briefly in a power trio known as Earth, playing in clubs in New Jersey. Springsteen acquired the nickname "The Boss" during this period as when he played club gigs with a band he took on the task of collecting the band's nightly pay and distributing it amongst his bandmates.[11] Springsteen is not fond of this nickname, due to his dislike of bosses,[12] but seems to have since given it a tacit acceptance. Previously he had the nickname "Doctor".[13] From 1969 through early 1971, Springsteen performed with Steel Mill, which also featured Danny Federici, Vini Lopez, Vinnie Roslin and later Steve Van Zandt and Robbin Thompson. They went on to play the mid-Atlantic college circuit, and also briefly in California. In January 1970 well-known San Francisco Examiner music critic Philip Elwood gave Springsteen credibility in his glowing assessment of Steel Mill: "I have never been so overwhelmed by totally unknown talent." Elwood went on to praise their "cohesive musicality" and, in particular, singled out Springsteen as "a most impressive composer." During this time Springsteen also performed regularly at small clubs in Canton, Massachusetts, Richmond, Virginia, Asbury Park and along the Jersey Shore, quickly gathering a cult following. Other acts followed over the next two years, as Springsteen sought to shape a unique and genuine musical and lyrical style: Dr Zoom & the Sonic Boom (early–mid 1971), Sundance Blues Band (mid 1971), and The Bruce Springsteen Band (mid 1971–mid 1972). With the addition of pianist David Sancious, the core of what would later become the E Street Band was formed, with occasional temporary additions such as horn sections, "The Zoomettes" (a group of female backing vocalists for "Dr. Zoom") and Southside Johnny Lyon on harmonica. Musical genres explored included blues, R&B, jazz, church music, early rock'n'roll, and soul. His prolific songwriting ability, with "More words in some individual songs than other artists had in whole albums", as his future record label would describe it in early publicity campaigns, brought his skill to the attention of several people who were about to change his life: new managers Mike Appel and Jim Cretecos, and legendary Columbia Records talent scout John Hammond, who, under Appel's pressure, auditioned Springsteen in May 1972. Even after Springsteen gained international acclaim, his New Jersey roots showed through in his music, and he often praised "the great state of New Jersey" in his live shows. Drawing on his extensive local appeal, he routinely sold out consecutive nights in major New Jersey, Philadelphia and New York venues. He also made many surprise appearances at The Stone Pony and other shore nightclubs over the years, becoming the foremost exponent of the Jersey Shore sound. 1972–1974: Initial struggle for success Springsteen signed a record deal with Columbia Records in 1972, with the help of John Hammond, who had signed Bob Dylan to the same label a decade earlier. Springsteen brought many of his New Jersey–based colleagues into the studio with him, thus forming the E Street Band (although it would not be formally named as such for several more years). His debut album, Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J., released in January 1973, established him as a critical favorite,[14] though sales were slow. Because of Springsteen's lyrical poeticism and folk rock–rooted music exemplified on tracks like "Blinded by the Light", (which would later be a hit for Manfred Mann and go to No. 1, making it the only time Springsteen had a No. 1 single as a songwriter), and "For You", as well as the Columbia and Hammond connections, critics initially compared Springsteen to Bob Dylan. "He sings with a freshness and urgency I haven't heard since I was rocked by 'Like a Rolling Stone,'" wrote Crawdaddy magazine editor Peter Knobler in Springsteen's first interview/profile, in March 1973. Crawdaddy discovered Springsteen in the rock press and was his earliest champion.[15] (Springsteen and the E Street Band acknowledged by giving a private performance at the Crawdaddy 10th Anniversary Party in New York City in June 1976.)[16] Music critic Lester Bangs wrote in Creem in 1975 that when Springsteen's first album was released "... many of us dismissed it: he wrote like Bob Dylan and Van Morrison, sang like Van Morrison and Robbie Robertson, and led a band that sounded like Van Morrison's."[17] The track "Spirit in the Night" especially showed Morrison's influence, while "Lost in the Flood" was the first of many portraits of Vietnam veterans and "Growin' Up", his first take on the recurring theme of adolescence. In September 1973 his second album, The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle, was released, again to critical acclaim but no commercial success. Springsteen's songs became grander in form and scope, with the E Street Band providing a less folky, more R&B vibe and the lyrics often romanticized teenage street life. "4th of July, Asbury Park (Sandy)" and "Incident on 57th Street" would become fan favorites, and the long, rousing "Rosalita (Come Out Tonight)" continues to rank among Springsteen's most beloved concert numbers. In the May 22, 1974, issue of Boston's The Real Paper, music critic Jon Landau wrote after seeing a performance at the Harvard Square Theater, "I saw rock and roll future, and its name is Bruce Springsteen. And on a night when I needed to feel young, he made me feel like I was hearing music for the very first time."[18] Landau subsequently became Springsteen's manager and producer, helping to finish the epic new album, Born to Run. Given an enormous budget in a last-ditch effort at a commercially viable record, Springsteen became bogged down in the recording process while striving for a wall of sound production. But, fed by the release of an early mix of "Born to Run" to progressive rock radio, anticipation built toward the album's release. All in all the album took more than 14 months to record, with six months alone spent on the song "Born To Run". During this time Springsteen battled with anger and frustration over the album, saying he heard "sounds in [his] head" that he could not explain to the others in the studio. It was during these recording sessions that "Miami" Steve Van Zandt would stumble into the studio just in time to help Springsteen organize the horn section on "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out" (it is his only written contribution to the album), and eventually led to his joining the E Street Band.[citation needed] Van Zandt had been a long-time friend of Springsteen, as well as a collaborator on earlier musical projects, and understood where he was coming from, which helped him to translate some of the sounds Springsteen was hearing. Still, by the end of the grueling recording sessions, Springsteen was not satisfied, and, upon first hearing the finished album, threw the record into the alley and told Jon Landau he would rather just cut the album live at The Bottom Line, a place he often played.[19] 1975–1983: Breakthrough On August 13, 1975, Springsteen and the E Street Band began a five-night, 10-show stand at New York's Bottom Line club. The engagement attracted major media attention, was broadcast live on WNEW-FM, and convinced many skeptics that Springsteen was for real. (Decades later, Rolling Stone magazine would name the stand as one of the 50 Moments That Changed Rock and Roll.[20]) With the release of Born to Run on August 25, 1975, Springsteen finally found success. The album peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard 200, and while there were no hit singles, "Born to Run" (Billboard No. 23), "Thunder Road", "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out" (Billboard No. 83), and "Jungleland" all received massive album-oriented rock airplay and remain perennial favorites on many classic rock stations. The songwriting and recording was more disciplined than before, while still maintaining an epic feel. With its panoramic imagery, thundering production and desperate optimism, Born to Run is considered by some fans to be among the best rock and roll albums of all time and Springsteen's finest work. It established him as a sincere and dynamic rock and roll personality who spoke for and in the voice of a large part of the rock audience. To cap off the triumph, Springsteen appeared on the covers of both Time and Newsweek in the same week, on October 27 of that year. So great did the wave of publicity become that Springsteen eventually rebelled against it during his first venture overseas, tearing down promotional posters before a concert appearance in London. A legal battle with former manager Mike Appel kept Springsteen out of the studio for nearly a year, during which time he kept the E Street Band together through extensive touring across the U.S. Despite the optimistic fervor with which he often performed, his new songs had taken a more somber tone than much of his previous work. Reaching settlement with Appel in 1977, Springsteen returned to the studio, and the subsequent sessions produced Darkness on the Edge of Town (1978). Musically, this album was a turning point in Springsteen's career. Gone were the raw, rapid-fire lyrics, outsized characters and long, multi-part musical compositions of the first two albums; now the songs were leaner and more carefully drawn and began to reflect Springsteen's growing intellectual and political awareness. The cross-country 1978 tour to promote the album would become legendary for the intensity and length of its shows.[citation needed] Springsteen at Félix Houphouët-Boigny International Airport in Ivory Coast during Amnesty International's 1988 Human Rights Now! Tour. By the late 1970s, Springsteen had earned a reputation in the pop world as a songwriter whose material could provide hits for other bands. Manfred Mann's Earth Band had achieved a U.S. No. 1 pop hit with a heavily rearranged version of Greetings' "Blinded by the Light" in early 1977. Patti Smith reached No. 13 with her take on Springsteen's unreleased "Because the Night" (with revised lyrics by Smith) in 1978, while The Pointer Sisters hit No. 2 in 1979 with Springsteen's also unreleased "Fire". In September 1979, Springsteen and the E Street Band joined the Musicians United for Safe Energy anti-nuclear power collective at Madison Square Garden for two nights, playing an abbreviated set while premiering two songs from his upcoming album. The subsequent No Nukes live album, as well as the following summer's No Nukes documentary film, represented the first official recordings and footage of Springsteen's fabled live act, as well as Springsteen's first tentative dip into political involvement. Springsteen continued to consolidate his thematic focus on working-class life with the 20-song double album The River in 1980, which included an intentionally paradoxical range of material from good-time party rockers to emotionally intense ballads, and finally yielded his first hit Top Ten single as a performer, "Hungry Heart". This album marked a shift in Springsteen's music toward a pop-rock sound that was all but missing from any of his earlier work.[citation needed]This is apparent in the stylistic adoption of certain eighties pop-rock hallmarks like the reverberating-tenor drums, very basic percussion/guitar and repetitive lyrics apparent in many of the tracks. The title song pointed to Springsteen's intellectual direction, while a couple of the lesser-known tracks presaged his musical direction. The album sold well, becoming his first topper on the Billboard Pop Albums chart, and a long tour in 1980 and 1981 followed, featuring Springsteen's first extended playing of Europe and ending with a series of multi-night arena stands in major cities in the U.S. The River was followed in 1982 by the stark solo acoustic Nebraska. Recording sessions had been held to expand on a demo tape Springsteen had made at his home on a simple, low-tech four-track tape deck. However during the recording process Springsteen and producer Landau realized the songs worked better as solo acoustic numbers than full band renditions and the original demo tape was released as the album. Although the recordings of the E Street Band were shelved, other songs from these sessions would later be released, including "Born in the U.S.A." and "Glory Days". According to the Marsh biographies, Springsteen was in a depressed state when he wrote this material, and the result is a brutal depiction of American life. While Nebraska did not sell as well as Springsteen's two previous albums, it garnered widespread critical praise (including being named "Album of the Year" by Rolling Stone magazine's critics) and influenced later significant works by other major artists, including U2's album The Joshua Tree. It helped inspire the musical genre known as lo-fi music, becoming a cult favorite among indie-rockers. Springsteen did not tour in conjunction with Nebraska's release. 1984–1991: Commercial and popular phenomenon Springsteen probably is best known for his album Born in the U.S.A. (1984), which sold 15 million copies in the U.S. and became one of the best-selling albums of all time, with seven singles hitting the Top 10, and the massively successful world tour that followed it. The title track was a bitter commentary on the treatment of Vietnam veterans, some of whom were Springsteen's friends and bandmates. The lyrics in the verses were entirely unambiguous when listened to, but the anthemic music and the title of the song made it hard for many, from politicians to the common person, to get the lyrics—except those in the chorus, which could be read many ways.[21] The song was widely misinterpreted as jingoistic, and in connection with the 1984 presidential campaign became the subject of considerable folklore. Springsteen also turned down several million dollars offered by the Chrysler Corporation to use the song in a car commercial. (In later years, to eliminate the bombast and make the song's original meaning more explicitly clear, Springsteen performed the song accompanied only by acoustic guitar. An acoustic version also appeared on Tracks, a later album.) "Dancing in the Dark" was the biggest of seven hit singles from Born in the U.S.A., peaking at No. 2 on the Billboard music charts. The music video for the song featured a young Courteney Cox dancing on stage with Springsteen, an appearance which helped kickstart the actress's career. The song "Cover Me" was written by Springsteen for Donna Summer, but his record company persuaded him to keep it for the new album. A big fan of Summer's work, Springsteen wrote another song for her, "Protection". Videos for the album were made by noted film directors Brian De Palma and John Sayles. Springsteen was featured on the "We Are the World" song and album in 1985. His live single "Trapped" from that album received moderate airplay on U.S. Top 40 stations as well as reaching No. 1 on the Billboard Top Rock Tracks chart.[22] During the Born in the U.S.A. Tour, Springsteen met actress Julianne Phillips, whom he would marry in 1985. Springsteen performing on the Tunnel of Love Express at the Radrennbahn Weißensee in East Berlin on July 19, 1988. The Born in the U.S.A. period represented the height of Springsteen's visibility in popular culture and the broadest audience demographic he would ever reach (aided by the release of Arthur Baker's dance mixes of three of the singles). Live/1975–85, a five-record box set (also on three cassettes or three CDs), was released near the end of 1986 and became the first box set to debut at No. 1 on the U.S. album charts. It is one of the most commercially successful live albums of all time, ultimately selling 13 million units in the U.S. Live/1975–85 summed up Springsteen's career to that point and displayed some of the elements that made his shows so powerful to his fans: the switching from mournful dirges to party rockers and back; the communal sense of purpose between artist and audience; the long, intense spoken passages before songs, including those describing Springsteen's difficult relationship with his father; and the instrumental prowess of the E Street Band, such as in the long coda to "Racing in the Street". Despite its popularity, some fans and critics felt the album's song selection could have been better. Springsteen concerts are the subjects of frequent bootleg recording and trading among fans. During the 1980s, several Springsteen fanzines were launched, including Backstreets magazine, which started in Seattle and continues today as a glossy publication, now in communication with Springsteen's management and official website. After this commercial peak, Springsteen released the much more sedate and contemplative Tunnel of Love album (1987), a mature reflection on the many faces of love found, lost and squandered, which only selectively used the E Street Band. It presaged the breakup of his marriage to Julianne Phillips and described some of his unhappinesses in the relationship. Reflecting the challenges of love in "Brilliant Disguise", Springsteen sang: “	I heard somebody call your name, from underneath our willow. I saw something tucked in shame, underneath your pillow. Well I've tried so hard baby, but I just can't see. What a woman like you is doing with me.	” The subsequent Tunnel of Love Express tour shook up fans with changes to the stage layout, favorites dropped from the set list, and horn-based arrangements. During the European leg in 1988, Springsteen's relationship with backup singer Patti Scialfa became public and Phillips and Springsteen filed for divorce in 1988.[23] Later in 1988, Springsteen headlined the worldwide Human Rights Now! tour for Amnesty International. In late 1989 he dissolved the E Street Band, and he and Scialfa relocated to California, marrying in 1991. 1992–2001: Artistic and commercial ups and downs In 1992, after risking charges of "going Hollywood" by moving to Los Angeles (a radical move for someone so linked to the blue-collar life of the Jersey Shore) and working with session musicians, Springsteen released two albums at once. Human Touch and Lucky Town were even more introspective than any of his previous work and displayed a newly revealed confidence. As opposed to his first two albums, which dreamed of happiness, and his next four, which showed him growing to fear it, at points during the Lucky Town album, Springsteen actually claims happiness for himself. An electric band appearance on the acoustic MTV Unplugged television program (later released as In Concert/MTV Plugged) was poorly received and further cemented fan dissatisfaction. Springsteen seemed to realize this a few years hence when he spoke humorously of his late father during his Rock and Roll Hall of Fame acceptance speech: “	I've gotta thank him because — what would I conceivably have written about without him? I mean, you can imagine that if everything had gone great between us, we would have had disaster. I would have written just happy songs – and I tried it in the early '90s and it didn't work; the public didn't like it.[24] ” A multiple Grammy Award winner, Springsteen also won an Academy Award in 1994 for his song "Streets of Philadelphia", which appeared the soundtrack to the film Philadelphia. The song, along with the film, was applauded by many for its sympathetic portrayal of a gay man dying of AIDS.[citation needed] The music video for the song shows Springsteen's actual vocal performance, recorded using a hidden microphone, to a prerecorded instrumental track.[citation needed] This technique was developed on the "Brilliant Disguise" video. In 1995, after temporarily re-organizing the E Street Band for a few new songs recorded for his first Greatest Hits album (a recording session that was chronicled in the documentary Blood Brothers), he released his second (mostly) solo guitar album, The Ghost of Tom Joad, inspired by John Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath and by Journey to Nowhere: The Saga of the New Underclass, a book by Pulitzer Prize-winners author Dale Maharidge and photographer Michael Williamson. This was generally less well-received than the similar Nebraska, due to the minimal melody, twangy vocals, and political nature of most of the songs, although some praised it for giving voice to immigrants and others who rarely have one in American culture. The lengthy, worldwide, small-venue solo acoustic Ghost of Tom Joad Tour that followed successfully featured many of his older songs in drastically reshaped acoustic form, although Springsteen had to explicitly remind his audiences to be quiet and not to clap during the performances. Following the tour, Springsteen moved back to New Jersey with his family.[25] In 1998, Springsteen released the sprawling, four-disc box set of out-takes, Tracks. Subsequently, Springsteen would acknowledge that the 1990s were a "lost period" for him: "I didn't do a lot of work. Some people would say I didn't do my best work."[26] Springsteen was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1999 by Bono of U2, a favor he returned in 2005. In 1999, Springsteen and the E Street Band officially came together again and went on the extensive Reunion Tour, lasting over a year. Highlights included a record sold-out, 15-show run at Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey and a ten-night, sold-out engagement at New York City's Madison Square Garden which ended the tour. The final two shows were recorded for an HBO Concert, with corresponding DVD and album releases as Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band: Live in New York City. A new song, "American Skin (41 Shots)", about the police shooting of Amadou Diallo which was played at these shows proved controversial. In November 2000, Springsteen filed legal action against Jeff Burgar which accused him of registering the domain brucespringsteen.com (along with several other celebrity domains) in bad faith to funnel web users to his Celebrity 1000 portal site. Once the legal complaint was filed, Burgar pointed the domain to a Springsteen biography and message board. In February 2001, Springsteen lost his dispute with Burgar. A WIPO panel ruled 2 to 1 in favor of Burgar.[27][28] On Labor Day 2001 Bruce Springsteen played at Donovan's Reef in Sea Bright NJ surprising a local cover band named Brian Kirk and the Jerks and performed Rosalita with them showing his support and love. 2002–2007: Return to success The scene outside the Giants Stadium parking lot for banner-marked, record-setting, 10-night stand of The Rising Tour during July 2003. In 2002, Springsteen released his first studio effort with the full band in 18 years, The Rising, produced by Brendan O'Brien. The album, mostly a reflection on the September 11 attacks, was a critical and popular success. (Many of the songs were influenced by phone conversations Springsteen had with family members of victims of the attacks who in their obituaries had mentioned how his music touched their lives.) The title track gained airplay in several radio formats, and the record became Springsteen's best-selling album of new material in 15 years. Kicked off by an early-morning Asbury Park appearance on The Today Show, The Rising Tour commenced, barnstorming through a series of single-night arena stands in the U.S. and Europe to promote the album in 2002, then returning for large-scale, multiple-night stadium shows in 2003. While Springsteen had maintained a loyal hardcore fan base everywhere (and particularly in Europe), his general popularity had dipped over the years in some southern and midwestern regions of the U.S. But it was still strong in Europe and along the U.S. coasts, and he played an unprecedented 10 nights in Giants Stadium in New Jersey, a ticket-selling feat to which no other musical act has come close.[29] During these shows Springsteen thanked those fans who were attending multiple shows and those who were coming from long distances or another country; the advent of robust Bruce-oriented online communities had made such practices more common. The Rising Tour came to a final conclusion with three nights in Shea Stadium, highlighted by renewed controversy over "American Skin" and a guest appearance by Bob Dylan. During the early 2000s, Springsteen became a visible advocate for the revitalization of Asbury Park, and played an annual series of winter holiday concerts there to benefit various local businesses, organizations, and causes. These shows were explicitly intended for the devoted fans, featuring numbers such as the E Street Shuffle outtake "Thundercrack", a rollicking group-participation song that would mystify casual Springsteen fans. He also frequently rehearses for tours in Asbury Park; some of his most devoted followers even go so far as to stand outside the building to hear what fragments they can of the upcoming shows. The song "My City of Ruins" was originally written about Asbury Park, in honor of the attempts to revitalize the city. Looking for an appropriate song for a post-Sept. 11 benefit concert honoring New York City, he selected "My City of Ruins", which was immediately recognized as an emotional highlight of the concert, with its gospel themes and its heartfelt exhortations to "Rise up!" The song became associated with post-9/11 New York, and he chose it to close The Rising album and as an encore on the subsequent tour. At the Grammy Awards of 2003, Springsteen performed The Clash's "London Calling" along with Elvis Costello, Dave Grohl, and E Street Band member Steven Van Zandt and No Doubt's bassist, Tony Kanal, in tribute to Joe Strummer; Springsteen and the Clash had once been considered multiple-album-dueling rivals at the time of the double The River and the triple Sandinista!. In 2004, Springsteen and the E Street Band participated in the "Vote for Change" tour, along with John Mellencamp, John Fogerty, the Dixie Chicks, Pearl Jam, R.E.M., Bright Eyes, the Dave Matthews Band, Jackson Browne, and other musicians. All concerts were to be held in swing states, to benefit the liberalism political organization group America Coming Together and to encourage people to register and vote. A finale was held in Washington, D.C., bringing many of the artists together. Several days later, Springsteen held one more such concert in New Jersey, when polls showed that state surprisingly close. While in past years Springsteen had played benefits for causes in which he believed – against nuclear energy, for Vietnam veterans, Amnesty International, and the Christic Institute – he had always refrained from explicitly endorsing candidates for political office (indeed he had rejected the efforts of Walter Mondale to attract an endorsement during the 1984 Reagan "Born in the U.S.A." flap). This new stance led to criticism and praise from the expected partisan sources. Springsteen's "No Surrender" became the main campaign theme song for John Kerry's unsuccessful presidential campaign; in the last days of the campaign, he performed acoustic versions of the song and some of his other old songs at Kerry rallies. An acoustic guitar number during the solo Devils & Dust Tour performance at the Festhalle Frankfurt, June 15, 2005. Devils & Dust was released on April 26, 2005, and was recorded without the E Street Band. It is a low-key, mostly acoustic album, in the same vein as Nebraska and The Ghost of Tom Joad although with a little more instrumentation. Some of the material was written almost 10 years earlier during, or shortly after, the Ghost of Tom Joad Tour, a couple of them being performed then but never released.[30] The title track concerns an ordinary soldier's feelings and fears during the Iraq War. Starbucks rejected a co-branding deal for the album, due in part to some sexually explicit content but also because of Springsteen's anti-corporate politics. The album entered the album charts at No. 1 in 10 countries (United States, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden, Denmark, Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and Ireland). Springsteen began the solo Devils & Dust Tour at the same time as the album's release, playing both small and large venues. Attendance was disappointing in a few regions, and everywhere (other than in Europe) tickets were easier to get than in the past. Unlike his mid-1990s solo tour, he performed on piano, electric piano, pump organ, autoharp, ukulele, banjo, electric guitar, and stomping board, as well as acoustic guitar and harmonica, adding variety to the solo sound. (Offstage synthesizer, guitar, and percussion were also used for some songs.) Unearthly renditions of "Reason to Believe", "The Promised Land", and Suicide's "Dream Baby Dream" jolted audiences to attention, while rarities, frequent set list changes, and a willingness to keep trying even through audible piano mistakes kept most of his loyal audiences happy. In November 2005, Sirius Satellite Radio started a 24-hour, seven-day-a-week radio station on Channel 10 called E Street Radio. This channel featured commercial-free Bruce Springsteen music, including rare tracks, interviews, and daily concerts of Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band recorded throughout their career. Springsteen and The Sessions Band performing on their tour at the Fila Forum, Milan, Italy on May 12, 2006. In April 2006, Springsteen released We Shall Overcome: The Seeger Sessions, an American roots music project focused around a big folk sound treatment of 15 songs popularized by the radical musical activism of Pete Seeger. It was recorded with a large ensemble of musicians including only Patti Scialfa, Soozie Tyrell, and The Miami Horns from past efforts. In contrast to previous albums, this was recorded in only three one-day sessions, and frequently one can hear Springsteen calling out key changes live as the band explores its way through the tracks. The Bruce Springsteen with The Seeger Sessions Band Tour began the same month, featuring the 18-strong ensemble of musicians dubbed The Seeger Sessions Band (and later shortened to The Sessions Band). Seeger Sessions material was heavily featured, as well as a handful of (usually drastically rearranged) Springsteen numbers. The tour proved very popular in Europe, selling out everywhere and receiving some excellent reviews,[31] but newspapers reported that a number of U.S. shows suffered from sparse attendance.[32][33][34] By the end of 2006, the Seeger Sessions tour toured Europe twice and toured America for only a short span. Bruce Springsteen with The Sessions Band: Live in Dublin, containing selections from three nights of November 2006 shows at The Point Theatre in Dublin, Ireland, was released the following June. Springsteen's next album, titled Magic, was released on October 2, 2007. Recorded with the E Street Band, it featured 10 new Springsteen songs plus "Long Walk Home", performed once with the Sessions band, and a hidden track (the first included on a Springsteen studio release), "Terry's Song", a tribute to Springsteen's long-time assistant Terry Magovern, who died on July 30, 2007.[35] The first single, "Radio Nowhere", was made available for a free download on August 28. On October 7, Magic debuted at No. 1 in Ireland and the UK. Greatest Hits reentered the Irish charts at No. 57, and Live in Dublin almost cracked the top 20 in Norway again. Sirius Satellite Radio also restarted E Street Radio on Channel 10 on September 27, 2007, in anticipation of Magic.[36] Radio conglomerate Clear Channel Communications was alleged to have sent an edict to its classic rock stations to not play any songs from the new album, while continuing to play older Springsteen material. However, Clear Channel Adult Alternative (or "AAA") station KBCO did play tracks from the album, undermining the allegations of a corporate blackout.[37] The Springsteen and E Street Band Magic Tour began at the Hartford Civic Center with the album's release and continued through North America and Europe. Springsteen and the band performed live[38] on NBC's Today Show in advance of the opener. Longtime E Street Band organist Danny Federici left the tour in November 2007 to pursue treatment for melanoma[39] from which he would die in 2008[40] 2008–present: Recent events Springsteen at a rally for the presidential candidate Barack Obama Cleveland, Ohio on November 2, 2008 Springsteen supported Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, announcing his endorsement in April 2008[41] and going on to appear at several Obama rallies as well as performing several solo acoustic performances in support of Obama's campaign throughout 2008,[42] culminating with a November 2 rally where he debuted "Working On A Dream" in a duet with Scialfa.[43] At an Ohio rally, Springsteen discussed the importance of "truth, transparency and integrity in government, the right of every American to have a job, a living wage, to be educated in a decent school, and a life filled with the dignity of work, the promise and the sanctity of home...But today those freedoms have been damaged and curtailed by eight years of a thoughtless, reckless and morally-adrift administration."[44] Following Obama's electoral victory on November 4, Springsteen's song "The Rising" was the first song played over the loudspeakers after Obama's victory speech in Chicago's Grant Park. Springsteen was the musical opener for the Obama Inaugural Celebration on January 18, 2009 which was attended by over 400,000.[45] He performed "The Rising" with an all-female choir. Later he performed Woody Guthrie's "This Land Is Your Land" with Pete Seeger. On June 18, 2008, Springsteen appeared live from Europe at the Tim Russert tribute at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., to play one of Russert's favorite songs, "Thunder Road". Springsteen dedicated the song to Russert, who was "one of Springsteen's biggest fans."[citation needed] On January 11, 2009, Springsteen won the Golden Globe Award for Best Song for "The Wrestler", from the Mickey Rourke film by the same name.[46] After receiving a heartfelt letter from Mickey Rourke, Springsteen supplied the song for the film for free.[47] Springsteen performed at the halftime show at Super Bowl XLIII on February 1, 2009,[48] agreeing to do it after many previous offers[49] A few days before the game, Springsteen gave a rare press conference, where he promised a "twelve-minute party."[50][51] His 12:45 set, with the E Street Band and the Miami Horns, included abbreviated renditions of "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out"", "Born to Run", "Working on a Dream, and "Glory Days", the latter complete with football references. The set of appearances and promotional activities led Springsteen to say, "This has probably been the busiest month of my life."[52] Springsteen's Working on a Dream album was released in late January 2009[53] and the supporting Working on a Dream Tour ran from April 2009 until November 2009. The tour featured few songs from the new album, with instead set lists dominated by classics and selections reflecting the ongoing late-2000s recession.[54] The tour also featured Springsteen playing songs requested by audience members holding up signs as on the final stages of the Magic Tour.[54] Drummer Max Weinberg was replaced for some shows by his 18-year-old son Jay Weinberg, so that the former could serve his role as bandleader on The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien.[54] During this tour, Springsteen and the band made their first real foray in the world of music festivals, headlining nights at the Pinkpop Festival in the Netherlands, Festival des Vieilles Charrues in France, the Bonnaroo Music Festival in the United States and the Glastonbury Festival in the UK[55] and Hard Rock Calling in the UK.[56] Several shows on the tour featured full album presentations of Born to Run, Darkness on the Edge of Town, or Born in the U.S.A.[57] The band performed a stretch of five final shows at his homestate Giants Stadium, opening with a new song highlighting the historic stadium, and his Jersey roots, named "Wrecking Ball".[58] The tour ended as scheduled in Buffalo, NY in November 2009 amid speculation that it was the last performance ever by the E Street Band, but during the show Springsteen said it was goodbye “for a little while.”[59] A DVD from the Working of a Dream Tour entitled London Calling: Live in Hyde Park was released in 2010. In addition to his own touring, Springsteen made a number of appearances at tribute and benefit concerts during 2009, including The Clearwater Concert, a celebration of Pete Seeger's 90th birthday, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 25th anniversary benefit concert,[60] a benefit for the charity Autism Speaks at Carnegie Hall.[61] On January 22, 2010, he joined many well-known artists to perform on Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief,[62] organized by George Clooney to raise money to help the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake. Fireworks go off at the conclusion of the "E! Street! Band!" exhortation during the final shows at Giants Stadium. In 2009, Springsteen performed in The People Speak a documentary feature film that uses dramatic and musical performances of the letters, diaries, and speeches of everyday Americans, based on historian Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States".[63] Springsteen was among the recipients of the Kennedy Center Honors, an annual award to figures from the world of arts for their contribution to American culture, in December 2009.[64] President Obama gave a speech in which he talked about how Springsteen has incorporated the life of regular Americans in his expansive pallette of songs and how his concerts are beyond the typical rock-and-roll concerts, how, apart from being high-energy concerts, they are "communions". He ended the remark "while I am the president, he is The Boss". Tributes were paid by several well-known celebrities including Jon Stewart (who described Springsteen's "unprecedented combination of lyrical eloquence, musical mastery and sheer unbridled, unadulterated joy"). A musical tribute featured John Mellencamp, Ben Harper, and Jennifer Nettles, Melissa Etheridge, Eddie Vedder, and Sting. The 2000s ended with Springsteen being named one of eight Artists of the Decade by Rolling Stone magazine[65] and with Springsteen's tours ranking him fourth among artists in total concert grosses for the decade.[66] In September 2010, a documentary about the making of his 1978 album "Darkness on The Edge of Town" was premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival. The film, The Promise: The Making of Darkness on the Edge of Town, was included in a box set reissue of the album, entitled The Promise: The Darkness on the Edge of Town Story, released in November 2010. Also airing on HBO, the documentary explored Springsteen's making of the acclaimed album, and his role in the production and development of the tracks. Springsteen is working on his next studio album with Ron Aniello,[67] who also co-produced the 2007 album "Play It As It Lays", by Springsteen's wife, Patti Scialfa. Ron Aniello also produced "Children's Song" early in 2011, a duet with Bruce and Patti, which was done for a charity project. Clarence Clemons, the E Street Band's saxophonist since 1972, died on June 18, 2011, of complications from a stroke. “Clarence lived a wonderful life,” Bruce Springsteen said in a statement. “He carried within him a love of people that made them love him. He created a wondrous and extended family. He loved the saxophone, loved our fans and gave everything he had every night he stepped on stage.”[68] Springsteen's 17th studio album, Wrecking Ball, was released on March 6, 2012. On January 13, 2012, Hollywood Reporter released an article describing the sound of the new album. According to the article, the album is Springsteen at his angriest yet and addresses economic justice quite a bit. The article describes the album musically as being very rock-and-roll with unexpected textures, loops, electronic percussion and a variety of influences.[69] The album will consist of eleven tracks plus two bonus tracks. Three songs previously only available as live versions, "Wrecking Ball", "Land of Hope and Dreams," and "American Land," appear on the album.[70] The album's first single, We Take Care of Our Own, was released on January 19, 2012. On January 24, 2012, Springsteen's official web site announced that the E Street Band will commence a world tour called the Wrecking Ball Tour on March 18, 2012, in Atlanta. The tour will run through at least July 31, 2012, and will consist of at least two legs featuring 51 dates, although the headline "First US Leg of 2012 World Tour" may imply that the tour will continue into autumn 2012 or beyond.[71] As tickets for the first U.S. dates went on sale, many fans were unable to obtain tickets, much like for the 2009 Working on a Dream Tour, allegedly due to a heavy volume of ticket scalpers. Shows sold out within minutes and many tickets appeared, at much higher prices, on resale websites such as StubHub less than an hour after the onsale time. Ticketmaster said web traffic was 2.5 times the highest level of the past year during the online sales and suggested that scalpers played a big role. U.S. Representative Bill Pascrell has called for stronger government oversight of online box offices. Pascrell introduced the BOSS ACT in 2009 to increase transparency in the ticket industry. Pascrell said he would reintroduce the bill to Congress.[72][73] Musical style Bruce Springsteen (second from right) was among the five recipients of the 2009 Kennedy Center Honors Bruce Springsteen draws on many musical influences from the reservoir of traditional American popular music, folk, blues and country. From the beginning, rock and roll has been the dominant influence. On his debut album, Greetings from Asbury Park, New Jersey, the folk-influence is clear. An example of the influence of this music genre to Springsteen's music is his song "This Hard Land" which demonstrates a clear influence of the style of Woody Guthrie.[citation needed] He expanded the range of his musical compositions on his second album, The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle.[citation needed] Elements of Latin American music, jazz, soul, and funk influences can be heard; the song "New York City Serenade" is even reminiscent of the music of George Gershwin. These two records prominently featured pianist David Sancious, who left the band shortly into the recording of Springsteen's third album, Born To Run. This album, however, also emphasized the piano, the responsibility now of Roy Bittan. Earlier in his career, Springsteen has focused more on the rock elements of his music. He initially compressed the sound and developed Darkness On The Edge Of Town just as straightforward as concise musical idiom, for the simple riffs,hard rock guitar solos and clearly recognizable song structures are dominant.He also drew upon a few influences from Punk Rock on the album,as can be heard on the heavy rhythm following the bridge solo on 'Candy's room'.[citation needed] His music has been categorized as heartland rock, a style typified by Springsteen, John Fogerty, Tom Petty, Bob Seger, and John Mellencamp. This music has a lyrical reference to the U.S. everyday and the music is kept rather simple and straightforward. This development culminated with Springsteen's hit album Born in the U.S.A., the title song of which has a constantly repeating, fanfare-like keyboard riff and a pounding drum beat. These sounds fit with Springsteen's voice: it cries to the listener the unsentimental story of a disenchanted angry figure. Even songs that can be argued to be album tracks proved to be singles that enjoyed some chart success, such as "My Hometown" and "I'm on Fire", in which the drum line is formed from subtle hi-hat and rim-clicks-shock (shock at the edge of the snare drum) accompanied by Synthesizer and Bruce's soft guitar line.The album,alongwith some previous records such as 'Cadillac ranch' showed clear rockabilly influences as is evident from his guitar solos,in-fills and vocal styles on these. Another clear influence of early rock n roll on Springsteen's music is evident on the song 'Light of Day.' In recent years, Springsteen has changed his music further.[citation needed] There are more folk elements up to the gospel to be heard. His last solo album, Devils and Dust, drew rave reviews not only for Springsteen's complex songwriting, but also for his expressive and sensitive singing. On the album We Shall Overcome: The Seeger Sessions Springsteen performs folk classics with a folk band, rather than his usual E Street Band. On his ensuing tour he also interpreted some of his own rock songs in a folk style.[citation needed] The 2007 album Magic was a reflection on the old stadium rock attitude and with its lush arrangements was almost designed to be performed at large stadiums, which also succeeded on the corresponding tour.[citation needed] Lyrical themes "I spent most of my life as a musician measuring the distance between the American dream and American reality" —Bruce Springsteen[74][C] Often described as cinematographic in their scope, Springsteen's lyrics frequently explore highly personal themes such as individual commitment, dissatisfaction and dismay with life in a context of every day situations.[75] It has been recognized that there was a shift in his lyrical approach starting with the album Darkness on the Edge of Town, in which he focused on the emotional struggles of working class life.[76][77] Politics and activism Springsteen's music has often contained political themes reflecting his responses to the events occurring around him. A number of these songs contributed to Springsteen’s stardom; many songs cannot be explained without including Springsteen’s political views. The following are a chronological order of the political and activist causes Springsteen has publicly campaigned for: September 19–23, 1979: Springsteen and the E Street Band joined the Musicians United for Safe Energy anti-nuclear power collective at Madison Square Garden. August 20, 1981: A Night For The Vietnam Veterans for the Vietnam Veterans’ Association as an appeal to help “heal the physical and psychological wounds in?icted on the soldiers who fought the nation’s most unpopular war”.[78][79] 1984: Turned down several million dollars offered by the Chrysler Corporation to use the song Born in The U.S.A. in a car commercial. 1985: Featured on the "We Are the World" song and album 1988: Headlined the worldwide Human Rights Now! tour for Amnesty International. 2004: "No Surrender" became the main campaign theme song for John Kerry's unsuccessful presidential campaign; in the last days of the campaign, he performed acoustic versions of the song and some of his other old songs at Kerry rallies. April, 2008 Springsteen announced his endorsement supporting Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.[80] Throughout the year, he showed his support by attending several rallies and performing in support of Obama’s campaign. 2009: Springsteen contributed to the soundtrack of The People Speak by playing guitar and harmonica. January, 2009: Springsteen was the musical opener for the Obama Inaugural Celebration. May 3, 2009: Springsteen made an appearance at The Clearwater Concert. October 29 & 30, 2009: Springsteen made an appearance at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 25th anniversary benefit concert.[81] January 22, 2010: Springsteen made an appearance at Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief.[82] Springsteen has additionally been associated with various local food banks, particularly with the New Jersey Food bank for many years. During concerts, he usually breaks the routine to announce his support and later matches the total collection during the concert with his own money. During his Charlotte, North Carolina concert on November 3, 2009, he started with a $10,000 donation for the local food bank to start the collections process – which he again matched later. He has made substantial financial contributions to various workers' unions both in America and in Europe. Springsteen is a strong supporter of gay rights, particularly marriage equality. In 2009, he urged lawmakers to legalize gay marriage, later posting on his website "I've long believed in and have always spoken out for the rights of same-sex couples".[83] Personal life Springsteen family greets Obama family on stage at rally in Cleveland, Ohio on November 2, 2008. Springsteen and Julianne Phillips (born May 6, 1960) were married from May 13, 1985 to May 1988, when they separated.[84] The two were opposites in background and his traveling took its toll on their relationship. The final blow came when Bruce began an affair with Patti Scialfa (born July 29, 1953), whom he had dated briefly in 1984 shortly after she joined the band. Phillips and Springsteen separated in the spring of 1988 without making an announcement to the press, and on August 30, 1988, Julianne filed for divorce. The Springsteen/Phillips divorce was finalized on March 1, 1989. After the separation in 1988, Bruce began living with Scialfa. Springsteen received press criticism for the hastiness in which he and Scialfa took up their relationship. In a 1995 interview with The Advocate, Springsteen spoke about the negative publicity the couple subsequently received. "It's a strange society that assumes it has the right to tell people whom they should love and whom they shouldn't. But the truth is, I basically ignored the entire thing as much as I could. I said, 'Well, all I know is, this feels real, and maybe I have got a mess going here in some fashion, but that's life.'" He also noted that, "I went through a divorce, and it was really difficult and painful and I was very frightened about getting married again. So part of me said, 'Hey, what does it matter?' But it does matter. It's very different than just living together. First of all, stepping up publicly- which is what you do: You get your license, you do all the social rituals- is a part of your place in society and in some way part of society's acceptance of you...Patti and I both found that it did mean something."[85] On July 25, 1990 Scialfa gave birth to the couple's first child, Evan James Springsteen. On June 8, 1991 Springsteen and Scialfa married at their Beverly Hills home. Their second child, Jessica Rae Springsteen, was born on December 30, 1991; and their third child, Samuel Ryan Springsteen, was born on January 5, 1994.[86] The family owns and lives on a horse farm in Colts Neck, New Jersey. They also own homes in Wellington, Florida, a wealthy horse community near West Palm Beach, Los Angeles and Rumson, New Jersey. Their eldest son, Evan, attends Boston College. Their daughter Jessica is a nationally ranked champion equestrian,[87] and attends Duke University. Since 1991, Springsteen has led a relatively quiet life for a well-known popular performer and artist.[88] He moved from Los Angeles to New Jersey in the early 1990s specifically to raise a family in a non-paparazzi environment.[88] It has been reported that the press conference regarding the 2009 Super Bowl XLIII half-time show was his first press conference for more than 25 years.[89] However, he has appeared in a few radio interviews, most notably on NPR and BBC.[citation needed] 60 minutes aired his last extensive interview on TV[90] before his tour to support his album, Magic. Bands Bruce Springsteen has been a member of, or has been backed by, several bands during his career, most notably The E Street Band. His earliest known band is The Castiles. Prior to signing his first record deal in 1972, Springsteen was a member of several bands including Steel Mill. In October 1972 he formed a new band for the recording of his debut album Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J., which became known as The E Street Band, although the name was not officially introduced until September 1974.[91][92] The E Street Band performed on all of Springsteen's recorded works from his debut until 1982's Nebraska, a solo album on which Springsteen himself played all the instruments.[citation needed] The full band returned for the next album Born in the USA, but there then followed a period from 1988 to 1999 in which albums were recorded with session musicians. The E Street band were briefly reunited in 1995 for new contributions to the Greatest Hits compilation, and on a more permanent basis from 1999, since which time they have recorded 3 albums together (The Rising, Magic and Working on a Dream) and performed a number of high profile tours. The 2005 album Devils & Dust was largely a solo recording, with some contribution from session musicians and the 2006 folk rock We Shall Overcome: The Seeger Sessions album was recorded and toured with another band, known as The Sessions Band. Earlier Bands:[93] The Castiles, Earth, Child, Steel Mill, Sundance Blues Band, Dr Zoom and the Sonic Boom, Bruce Springsteen Band. E Street Band Main article: E Street Band Current members: •	Bruce Springsteen – lead vocals, lead and rhythm guitar, harmonica, piano •	Patti Scialfa – backing and duet vocals, acoustic guitar, percussion •	Garry Tallent – bass guitar, tuba •	Roy Bittan – piano, keyboards •	Max Weinberg – drums, percussion •	Steven Van Zandt – lead and rhythm guitar,[94][95] backing vocals, mandolin •	Nils Lofgren – lead and rhythm guitar, pedal steel guitar, backing vocals With: •	Soozie Tyrell – violin, acoustic guitar, percussion, backing vocals [A] •	Charles Giordano – organ, accordion, glockenspiel[B] Former members: •	1973–2011 Clarence Clemons (deceased) – tenor, baritone and soprano saxophones, backing vocals, percussion •	1973–2008 Danny Federici (deceased) – organ, accordion, backing vocals Film Music used in films Springsteen's music has been used in many films and he has also written and performed several works specifically for films, examples include Philadelphia, Dead Man Walking, Jerry Maguire, and The Wrestler. Film	Year of film release	Song(s)	Notes Dead End Street 1982	"Point Blank", "Hungry Heart" and "Jungleland" First use of Springsteen's music in film Risky Business 1983	Hungry Heart	Baby, It's You 1983	"It's Hard To Be A Saint In The City", "The E Street Shuffle", "She's The One" and "Adam Raised A Cain"	Film directed by John Sayles who later directed music videos for songs from Born in the U.S.A. and Tunnel of Love. Ruthless People 1986	"Stand on it" (TRACKS version)	Light of Day 1987	"(Just Around the Corner to the) Light of Day" Song written for the film. In Country 1989	"I'm On Fire" Film also contained many Springsteen references. Thunderheart 1992	"Badlands" (instrumental version)	Honeymoon in Vegas 1992	"Viva Las Vegas" A 1964 song orginally recorded by Elvis Presley. Philadelphia 1993	"Streets of Philadelphia" Song written for film. Won an Oscar.[96] Dead Man Walking 1995	"Dead Man Walkin'"	Song written for film. Nominated for an Oscar.[97] The Crossing Guard 1995	"Missing"	Song was later released in 2003 on The Essential Bruce Springsteen. Jerry Maguire 1996	"Secret Garden" Cop Land 1997	"Drive All Night" and "Stolen Car" Sylvester Stallone's character plays the songs on his turntable. Fierce Creatures 1997	"Hungry Heart"	The Wedding Singer 1998	"Hungry Heart"	A Night at the Roxbury 1998	"Secret Garden" Big Daddy 1999	"Growin' Up" Played over a montage near the end of the film. Limbo 1999	"Lift Me Up"	Another John Sayles film. High Fidelity 2000	"The River" and Blues Guitar Riff	Blues riff played by Springsteen, on-screen during his cameo appearance. "Nebraska" played from vinyl on turntable. The Perfect Storm 2000	"Hungry Heart"	25th Hour 2002	"The Fuse"	Grand Theft Parsons 2003	"Blood Brothers"	Jersey Girl 2004	"Jersey Girl" Cover of the Tom Waits version Reign Over Me 2007	"Drive All Night" and "Out In The Street"	The album The River was also well mentioned in the movie. In the Land of Women 2007	"Iceman"	[98] The Heartbreak Kid 2007	"Rosalita (Come Out Tonight)" Lucky You 2007	"Lucky Town" The Wrestler 2008	"The Wrestler" Written for the film. The song was awarded a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and nominated for the MTV Movie Award as "Best Song From a Movie". Food, Inc. 2009	"This Land Is Your Land" Live version, Bruce Springsteen's performance of the Woody Guthrie song. The Hunter 2011	"I'm On Fire" Willem Dafoe's character sets up a stereo in a tree and uses the song to wake someone sleeping inside the house. Films inspired by music In turn, films have been inspired by his music, including The Indian Runner, written and directed by Sean Penn, which Penn has specifically noted as being inspired by Springsteen's song "Highway Patrolman".[99] In September 2010, a documentary about the making of his 1978 album "Darkness on The Edge of Town" was premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival.[100] Kevin Smith is an admitted "big fan" of fellow New Jersey native Springsteen[101] and named his film Jersey Girl after the Tom Waits song which Springsteen made famous. The song was also used on the soundtrack. Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant have cited Springsteen's "Thunder Road" as having been a heavy influence on their 2010 film Cemetery Junction, employing the song's themes of escape and optimism into their story of 1970s England. In 2011, Springsteen appears in an independent film made by a local musician Chris Vaughn from New Jersey entitled "Jerseyboy Hero" where the songwriter/filmmaker documents his journey to get his music out to the world by attempting to reach one of his two local New Jersey legends, Bruce Springsteen or Jon Bon Jovi.[102][103] Acting Springsteen made his first on-screen appearance in a brief cameo as himself in High Fidelity in 2000 and it was voted "Best Cameo in a Movie" at the MTV Movie Awards.[104][105] Discography Main article: Bruce Springsteen discography Major studio albums (along with their chart positions in the U.S. Billboard 200 at the time of release): •	1973: Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J. (No. 60) •	1973: The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle (No. 59) •	1975: Born to Run (No. 3) •	1978: Darkness on the Edge of Town (No. 5) •	1980: The River (No. 1) •	1982: Nebraska (No. 3) •	1984: Born in the U.S.A. (No. 1) •	1987: Tunnel of Love (No. 1) •	1992: Human Touch (No. 2) •	1992: Lucky Town (No. 3) •	1995: The Ghost of Tom Joad (No. 11) •	2002: The Rising (No. 1) •	2005: Devils & Dust (No. 1) •	2006: We Shall Overcome: The Seeger Sessions (No. 3) •	2007: Magic (No. 1) •	2009: Working on a Dream (No. 1) •	2012: Wrecking Ball (No. 1) Awards and recognition Grammy Awards Springsteen has won 21 Grammy Awards, as follows (years shown are the year the award was given for, not the year in which the ceremony was held): •	Best Rock Vocal Performance, Male, 1984, "Dancing in the Dark" •	Best Rock Vocal Performance, Male, 1987, "Tunnel of Love" •	Song of the Year, 1994, "Streets of Philadelphia" •	Best Rock Song, 1994, "Streets of Philadelphia" •	Best Rock Vocal Performance, Solo, 1994, "Streets of Philadelphia" •	Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television, 1994, "Streets of Philadelphia" •	Best Contemporary Folk Album, 1996, The Ghost of Tom Joad •	Best Rock Album, 2002, The Rising •	Best Rock Song, 2002, "The Rising" •	Best Male Rock Vocal Performance, 2002, "The Rising" •	Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, 2003, "Disorder in the House" (with Warren Zevon) •	Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance, 2004, "Code of Silence" •	Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance, 2005, "Devils & Dust" •	Best Traditional Folk Album, 2006, The Seeger Sessions: We Shall Overcome •	Best Long Form Music Video, 2006, Wings For Wheels: The Making Of Born to Run •	Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance, 2007, "Radio Nowhere" •	Best Rock Song, 2007, "Radio Nowhere" •	Best Rock Instrumental Performance, 2007, "Once Upon a Time in the West" •	Best Rock Song, 2008, "Girls in Their Summer Clothes" •	Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance, 2009, "Working on a Dream" •	Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package, 2011, The Promise: The Darkness on the Edge of Town Story Golden Globe Awards •	Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song for "Streets of Philadelphia" in 1994.[46] •	Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song for "The Wrestler" in 2009.[46] Academy Awards •	Academy Award for Best Original Song, 1993, "Streets of Philadelphia" from Philadelphia.[106] Emmy Awards •	The Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band: Live In New York City HBO special won two technical Emmy Awards in 2001.[107] Other recognition October 27, 1975: Bruce Springsteen appears simultaneously on the covers of 'Newsweek' and 'Time' •	Polar Music Prize in 1997.[108] •	Inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, 1999.[109] •	Inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame, 1999.[110] •	Inducted into the New Jersey Hall of Fame, 2007.[111] •	"Born to Run" named "The unofficial youth anthem of New Jersey" by the New Jersey state legislature; something Springsteen always found to be ironic, considering that the song "is about leaving New Jersey".[112] •	The minor planet 23990, discovered September 4, 1999, by I. P. Griffin at Auckland, New Zealand, was officially named in his honor.[113] •	Ranked No. 23 on Rolling Stone magazine's 2004 list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.[114] •	Ranked No. 36 on Rolling Stone magazine's 2004 list of the 100 Greatest Singers Of All Time. •	Made Time magazine's 100 Most Influential People Of The Year 2008 list.[115] •	Won Critic's Choice Award for Best Song with "The Wrestler" in 2009.[116] •	Performed at the Super Bowl XLIII half time show. •	Kennedy Center Honors, 2009. •	Rolling Stone magazine also ranked 8 out of 16 Springsteen's studio albums in their 500 Greatest Albums Of All Time list. •	Rolling Stone magazine ranked Born to Run and Thunder Road in its 500 Greatest Songs Of All Time list, in 21st and 86th, respectively. •	Forbes ranked him 6th in The Celebrity 100 in 2009[117] •	John Steinbeck Award
Is French president Emmanuel Macron the future of European Liberals? "This is the million euro question in this congress," Albert Rivera, the leader of Spain's Ciudadanos party told EUobserver at the annual gathering of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (Alde) in Amsterdam on Friday-Sunday (1-3 December).
"Liberals will conquer Europe," the party's president Hans van Baalen said, setting an objective of 100 seats in the next European Parliament at the May 2019 elections.
“If the bid for European Sport Capital is like a sports contest, The Hague is like a well trained athlete, and ready to win”: as Minister Bruno Bruins said on the 3rd of November 2017 in the Europahuis in The Hague.
Click Above to Listen to Interview: In anticipation of the official launch of Gil Mansergh’s novel, The Marvelous Journals of Miss Virginia Pettingill, on October 11th, the tables were turned on this month’s Sonoma County NPR station, KRCB-FM Word By Word: Conversations With Writers show. The host of the show is Gil himself, but this […]
by Susanna Solomon My name is Doris. I do hair. All kinds of hair- short, long, layered. I make curly hair straight, and straight hair curly, and I turn brown hair to honey and blond hair to mahogany. Oh, and I do highlights and asymmetrical cuts, my scissors flying. The women leave my chair transformed. […]
By Susanna Solomon Photo by Lydia Selk When my daughter and her young children moved in a few months ago, I was none too pleased. Third house guests in less than a year. Nine months before I’d housed my stepdaughter, which didn’t work out too well, and after that my son moved in, and […]
A short story by Susanna Solomon At seventeen, Christy St. Claire had been a virgin long enough. All of her friends had made it with guys, but she hadn’t, no, not yet. Having a boyfriend was a big deal for her, but that wasn’t the point, not really. It was this goddamn virginity, and it […]
The Board wishes to thank Ms Harkness for her service and contribution to ASX as Company Secretary over the last decade.
Daniel Csillag continues as Company Secretary and as the person nominated under Listing Rule 12.6 for communication with ASIC with regard to Listing Rule matters.
The value of ASX-listed stocks, as measured by the All Ordinaries Index, remained flat in June 2017. This was in contrast to most major markets, including Japan up 1.9%, Singapore up 0.5%, the US up 0.5%, and Hong Kong up 0.4%. Germany was down 3.0% and the UK down 2.8%.
• Volatility (as measured by the average daily movement in the All Ordinaries Index) was 0.7% in June, up on the previous month (0.4%).
• Expected future volatility (as measured by the S&P/ASX 200 VIX) in June was an average of 12.7 (compared to 12.2 in May).
If there is an error in any of the information provided, please click on the pencil to submit a correction. If there is a listing missing, please contact us , and we will try to include the information submitted. Thank you for helping us make HarNofOnline.com a better site.
Sales at independent drinks distributor Conviviality surged by 9.2% to £836.3m in the 26 weeks to October 29 2017, the group announced today.
The owner of the Bargain Booze, Wine Rack and Select Convenience retail chains, and distributors Matthew Clark and Bibendum Wine put the solid sales growth down to strong market share gains.
The group won 1,408 new on trade accounts during the period, while 2,400 existing customers including 84 national accounts increased purchases.
New deals included long term contracts with Stonegate Pub Co and JD Wetherspoon and a 10-year wine supply deal with 339 Wadworth pubs, helped to drive 6.9% sales growth in the on trade.
Like for like sales excluding tobacco were up 2.3%, while the group said that gross margins for retail franchisees rose by 0.8% points during the period.
“Our customers and franchisees have continued to recognise the strength of the Conviviality proposition and the opportunities a single supplier and distribution solution affords them,” said Conviviality CEO Diana Hunter.
“This has been evidenced by our above market growth in both the on trade and the off trade during the period.”
Post tax profits fell 10.3% to £5.2m following a £10.5m investment in IT systems and the launch of a new digital platform for on trade customers. The company said more than half of Matthew Clark sales are now through this platform.
Hunter said the company had hit a “significant milestone” in integrating its Matthew Clark and Bibendum Wine operations into its resource planning system.
“We have made deliberate choices to successfully grow market share and enhance the quality of future earnings by agreeing long term contracts with our larger customers and securing new national account customers,” she continued.
“These gains in market share coupled with our continued strong sales demonstrates our competitive advantage, the broad customer base we have developed and the robust nature of Conviviality as the UK’s leading drinks wholesaler, distributor and solution provider to our customers”.
Judged by buyers for buyers, the only wine competition assessing quality, value and design for a rigorous audit of each entry.
If you apply the above when driving, you will save fuel and make a significant contribution to a cleaner environment.
After a couple of unfortunate events, all Rachel wants is a place to lick her wounds; only to discover her Grammy has been conned. As options run out to save Grammy's home from foreclosure, Rachel is forced to take matters into her hands. The only problem is; does this naive eccentric have what it takes to con a con?
Santa Susanna has gained popularity as a calm and relaxing holiday spot in Spain. It is among the upcoming spots in the country which gain lots of fame as soon as they start with mass tourism and it is therefore given that a holiday here will be one of the most memorable and enjoyable. The area has some amazing villa options and they are all well packaged to make sure that they meet with all kinds of holiday preferences for the thousands of visitors now making their way to the area. Santa Susanna has enough villas to cater for the numbers.
With a huge variety, care needs to be exercised if at all at the end of the day a search through the variety is to be rewarding. The many villas found here are all designed in such a way that they make any holiday one of the best but a few considerations can actually make it easier to pick the most suitable villa in Santa Susanna. The villa size is one of the guides to the perfect villa here. When looking at the size, it is important to relate it with the number of people there is in the holiday group. This is the only way you will ensure that everyone is happy especially with the personal space they get during the holiday and most especially the sleeping arrangements that are settled on.
Santa Susanna villas also come with differing features and amenities and they can also be of great help when choosing the perfect villa for the holidays. It is the features and the amenities which will determine just how enjoyable the holiday turns out to be and also how comfortable and relaxing the whole experience is. Fortunately, most of the websites will elaborate in detail what every villa within Santa Susanna is made of in terms of the features thus making it very easy to choose a villa that is best.
The villa rental rates cannot be overlooked when trying to pick the best villa around Santa Susanna. It is always advisable to ensure that you stick to the holiday budget that you have put in place and to also make sure that you work within your means. The rates should not compromise the level of enjoyment you get from the villas since a thorough search will make it easy to find a valuable holiday villa at a price or rental rate that is most affordable.
I have programmed a custom WebLog or Blog program that is now online here. Below you still can view my older Journal.
Log Entry Summary : My stay in Emmett Idaho where I prepared to start my journey south to Phoenix, Arizona
Select Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Select Course Category PE - Process & Chemical EngineeringEE - Electrical & Power EngineeringIE - Instrumentations, Control, Telecommunications & Computer EngineeringME - Mechanical EngineeringRE - Maintenance, Reliability & Rotating Equipment EngineeringFE - Facility Integrity, Inspection, Metallurgy & Corrosion EngineeringDE - Subsurface Production Operations, Drilling, Reservoir & Petroleum EngineeringSE - Structural & Civil EngineeringOE - Marine & Offshore EngineeringLE - Analytical Laboratory, Analyzers, R&D and R&T EngineeringTE - Water and Waste Water Treatment EngineeringNE - Renewable Energy Engineering (Nuclear, Solar, Wind, Biothermal,etc)GE - General EngineeringHE - Safety, Health & Environmental Engineering & ManagementSA - Safety AwarenessTM - Technical & Executive ManagementPM - Project, Contract & Procurement ManagementLM - Logistics, Transportation, Inventory & Supply Chain ManagementFM - Finance ManagementHM - Human Resource ManagementDM - Defence, Security & Military ManagementSS - Soft Skills Select Course Venue Bahrain Egypt Italy Jordan KSA Kuwait Malaysia Netherland Oman Pakistan Philippines Qatar Spain Turkey UAE UK USA Select Year Year 2018 Year 2019
Please click here for the training schedule and instantly search and automatically select from our Course.
In 1947 I was living in Highgate. (I was aged 7). We got a taxi to Waterloo, then the train to Havant, then the Hayling Billy. We walked up to Warner’s Southleigh Holiday camp, in St Mary’s Road.
Before we left we packed a trunk with all our holiday gear. The trunk was picked up by the rail company and taken to Waterloo. When we got to the holiday camp our trunk was waiting for us. We used to come down with my two sisters until I was 17.
From the last week of July to the first week of August all the factories closed down and everyone went away. We met up with people from the East End, Birmingham and Coventry on the train and in the holiday camp.
In 1954 when I was about 14 I used to go to Hayling Station with a hand cart (because my father knew the manager) from the holiday camp to collect people’s luggage. I used to get 3d (old pence) or 6d a time.
Later I came down on my own to the holiday camp with a friend. In those days it was all sand dunes – we hardly saw our parents because we were busy being entertained. We slept overnight on the beach because our parents didn’t have to worry about us.
Blog Archive July (1) January (1) December (3) August (1) July (2) June (1) May (3) December (1) March (1) February (4) January (3) December (2) November (3) October (3) September (2) March (2) February (2) January (3) December (1) November (5) October (3) September (4) August (4) July (4) June (1) May (2) April (5) March (2) February (9) January (7) December (13) November (11) October (5) September (12) August (9) July (16) June (6) May (7) April (13) March (7) February (9) January (12) December (9) November (4) October (6) September (4) August (3) July (9) June (10) May (12) April (4) March (10) February (11) January (11) December (17) November (11) October (10) September (17) August (21) July (14) June (20) May (13)
This is only a very, very small list of blogs that I love and read. I just can't fit the over 400 that I love and read, so be sure to check out my expanded , but not totally updated blog roll by clicking on it's button at the top of this column. Happy Blogging!
While following links the other day I ran into a sew along hosted by Liz of "Moments" and decided this might be something to get me going sewing again. Liz has a list of sewing room projects for us to work on each month and for January it was an arm chair caddy and January is almost over I knew I'd better hurry! I've always intended to make one of these, but have just never gotten around to it--until now!
Here it is hot of the machine and not my best work by far. I decided to shortcut the bias tape step and I shouldn't have, but oh well. Live and learn..............and for me learn again!
I was all set to make a pretty shabby chic and lace caddy and then in my stash I spied these funky Lorelie Designs pieces. I thought perfect! I love Lorelie's whimsical characters and bright colors.
The pattern I used is by Helen of Hugs n Kisses found HERE. It's a simple and fun pattern and I'd like to make another one of these little caddies only just a bit larger maybe, so I can use it for larger projects.
And the Lorelie fabric that I used. I have pieces of the white left over, so I can squeeze out another fun project.
If you'd like to join in Liz's sew along just click the banner above. It'll be fun and you'll have 11 new projects for your sewing room! She's giving us December off to rest! I like that!
As a side note.......................... I WANT THIS! It's the new Singer 160 to celebrate Singer's 160th anniversary. Isn't it gorgeous! Click the photo to find out more. I bet you'll want one too! Update--Drats! They are all sold out!
I'm fortunate enough to have a Singer featherweight...but would love to add that new Singer 160 to my collection too. Awesome look! Thanks for sharing.
I too participated in the caddy project at Liz's - but I have to tell you that yours is my very FAVORITE!! I mean it is awesome! I LOVE the colors -they are so bright and cheerful & just make the whole project just POP! I think I need to go hunt some Loralie fabric! Thank you for your inspiration!
Love your caddy.... I saw that new Singer machine my daughter showed it to me... She wants it too. Hugs
Yes, you read that right! I am having a special. You get ALL 10 of my E Patterns for only $10.00. ...
The ATK Galleria is dedicated to college age amateurs and to the coeds. It contains the largest collection of college age content on the web. Includes a superb balance of softcore and hardcore as well as fetish material with an emphasis on the girl-next-door.
The Wales Biodiversity Partnership brings together key players from the public, private and voluntary sectors to promote and monitor biodiversity in Wales.
USAID's Biodiversity Policy represents our strengthened commitment to conserve biodiversity through: 1) Strategic actions to conserve the world’s most important
2017-11-04 · The National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan (NBSAP) is intended to define the current status of biodiversity, the threats leading to its degradation
New Brunswick’s Biodiversity Strategy (in prep) A framework for outcome-based collaborative progress Presentation to: NB Climate Change Public
Currently there are less than one thousand registered breeding mares left in Wales. The Welsh Mountain Pony – or Section A pony – is now classified as a rare breed.
3.1 Welsh woodlands contribute to reducing the 6.3 Woodland biodiversity is supported and native woodland is in This is why this strategy sets out
National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans (NBSAPs) are the principal instruments for implementing the Convention at the national level . The Convention
Draft New South Wales Biodiversity Strategy 2010–2015. Have your say Written comments are requested by Friday 21 January 2011, addressed to:
It is a privilege to introduce the second edition of the Welsh Government’s historic environment strategy, produced to reflect the ambitions and connections in my
Executive Summary This biodiversity strategy was developed through our recent global partnership with WWF, and it explains how we are reducing biodiversity risks, and
Welsh wild plants for landscape and biodiversity . Report of seminar . attended by land management professionals involved in planning, managing, restoring and
January 22, 2016 . TO: Park Board Chair and Commissioners . FROM: General Manager – Vancouver Board of Parks and Recreation . SUBJECT: Biodiversity Strategy
Wales biodiversity strategy board. 09.06.2017 anisimova 3 Comments . It created a framework for a range of government agencies to work together,
2017-02-16 · An Economic Strategy for Wales Listening to alternative adversely affecting biodiversity. Although these are vital to the Welsh economy,
The Canadian Biodiversity Strategy has been prepared in response to Canada's obligations as a party to the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity. The
I am pleased to announce that the Government published the new biodiversity strategy for England 2011-2020—“Biodiversity 2020: a strategy for England’s wildlife
MEMO/11/268. Brussels, 3 May 2011. Q&A on the Communication an EU biodiversity strategy to 2020. 1. Why does biodiversity loss matter? The degradation and loss of
Acknowledgements Seychelles National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan 2015 – 2020 was prepared through a collective effort with preparatory work undertaken by
The biodiversity of the Mallee has been shaped by a climate of temperature extremes, low rainfall, and underlying geology.
Posts about Welsh biodiversity written by sconzani A few weeks ago, when I walked his butterfly transect with my colleague Dave Slade of SEWBReC, the South East
Relevant to Healthcare Practitioners, Pharma', Insurance, Clinicians, Labs, Health IT Vendors, Health Marketeers, Health Policy Makers, Hospital Administrators.
One of the aims of the Children Looked After Service is that all looked after children of school age and care leavers who are at college or university, should have access to a computer to assist with their studies. For children and young people in foster and residential placements up to and including Year 9 Islington’s expectation is that all placements for looked after children and young people under the age of 18 should provide computers and internet access available for use by children and young people.
For children and young people in Key Stage 4 and Key Stage 5 (Years 10 to 6th Form) and for young people who are care leavers aged over 18 studying in Further Education and at University we believe that, where possible and appropriate, a young person should have their own computer to assist them with their education. Computers are intended to support young people with their education. Therefore, a computer will be provided to looked after young people and care leavers who:
Are in school years 10 to 6th Form (i.e. those aged 14 at the start of the academic year up to those aged 18 at the start of the academic year) and who are at school or at further education college.
Have been in continuous education, or have started on a new course and have been attending fully for a minimum of four weeks;
Have not received a computer from their foster carer, their social worker, their Personal Adviser, the Virtual School or Independent Futures in the last 4 years;
Have been looked after for at least 9 months and have a good record of caring for their possessions.
Exceptional circumstances may include a child or young person who does not fit the above criteria but is:
Is younger than 14 years old (year 10) and has a particular need to have access to their own computer or needs specialist equipment or programmes to support SEN.
Laptops for young people will be applied for by their Social Worker or Young Person’s Adviser. (See form available from the template documents on IZZI).
I am Eight years old and study in Std. 3. I like to draw pictures and do experiments with my mechanical toys.
The Hooper Dolan Insurances Group is one of Ireland’s largest insurance broker networks. Established in 1978 the group’s head office is located in Waterford and with 12 branches nationwide we are ideally placed to take care of your insurance requirements.
We pride ourselves on the level of service we provide to our clients and view the role of the broker as pivotal in these challenging times. The key services we provide as a broker include: impartiality, relationship building, offering a claims service, providing the most suitable product at the best price and providing the best advice.
You've no doubt noticed that for about the last 60 years, the majority of health care officials and the media have been telling you saturated fats are bad for your health and lead to a host of negative consequences, including high cholesterol, obesity, heart disease and Alzheimer's disease. Meanwhile during this same 60 years, the American levels of heart disease, obesity, elevated serum cholesterol and Alzheimer's have skyrocketed. Did you know that multiple studies on Pacific Island populations who get 30-60 percent of their total caloric intake from fully saturated coconut oil have all shown nearly non-existent rates of cardiovascular disease? (1) The fact is, all saturated fats are not created equal. The operative word here is "created," because some saturated fats occur naturally, while other fats are artificially manipulated into a saturated state through the man-made process called hydrogenation. Hydrogenation manipulates vegetable and seed oils by adding hydrogen atoms while heating the oil, producing a rancid, thickened substance that really only benefits processed food shelf life and corporate profits -- just about all experts now agree, hydrogenation does nothing good for your health. These manipulated saturated fats are also called trans-fats -- and you should avoid them like the plague. But if one form of saturated fat is bad for you, does that mean all saturated fat is bad for you? Absolutely not!
The truth about coconut oil is obvious to anyone who has studied the health of those who live in native tropical cultures, where coconut has been a primary dietary staple for thousands of years. Back in the 1930s, Dr. Weston Price found South Pacific Islanders whose diets were high in coconut to be healthy and trim, despite high dietary fat, and heart disease was virtually non-existent. Similarly, in 1981, researchers studying two Polynesian communities for whom coconut was the primary caloric energy source found them to have excellent cardiovascular health and fitness. (2) Where were all the clogged arteries and heart attacks from eating all of this "evil" saturated fat? Obviously, coconut oil was doing nothing to harm the health of these islanders. It may be surprising for you to learn that the naturally occurring saturated fat in coconut oil is actually good for you and provides a number of profound health benefits, such as: • Improving your heart health.(3) • Boosting your thyroid. (4) • Increasing your metabolism. • Promoting a lean body and weight loss if needed. • Supporting your immune system. (5) Coconut oil even benefits your skin when applied topically and has been found to have anti-aging, regenerative effects.
Nearly 50 percent of the fat in coconut oil is of a type rarely found in nature called lauric acid, a "miracle" compound because of its unique health promoting properties. Your body converts lauric acid into monolaurin, which has anti-viral, anti-bacterial and anti-protozoa properties. (6) Coconut oil is also nature's richest source of medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs), also called medium-chain triglycerides or MCTs. By contrast, most common vegetable or seed oils are comprised of long chain fatty acids (LCFAs), also known as long-chain triglycerides or LCTs. LCTs are large molecules, so they are difficult for your body to break down and are predominantly stored as fat. But MCTs (7) , being smaller, are easily digested and immediately burned by your liver for energy -- like carbohydrates, but without the insulin spike. MCTs actually boost your metabolism and help your body use fat for energy, as opposed to storing it, so it can actually help you become leaner. Back in the 1940s, farmers discovered this effect accidentally when they tried using inexpensive coconut oil to fatten their livestock. It didn't work! Instead, coconut oil made the animals lean, active and hungry. Coconut oil has actually been shown to help optimize body weight, which can dramatically reduce your risk of developing Type 2 diabetes (8). Besides weight loss, boosting your metabolic rate will improve your energy, accelerate healing and improve your overall immune function. And several studies have now shown that MCTs can enhance physical or athletic performance.(9) And finally, as we have already discussed, coconut oil is incedibly good for your heart. The truth is this: it is unsaturated fats that are primarily involved in heart disease and too much sugar and processed foods, not the naturally occurring saturated fats, as you have been led to believe. (10) Coconut Oil in Your Kitchen Personally, I use only two oils in my food preparation. The first, extra-virgin olive oil is the best monounsaturated fat and works great as a salad dressing. However, olive oil should not be used for cooking. Due to its chemical structure, heat makes olive oil susceptible to oxidative damage. So for cooking, I use coconut oil exclusively. And polyunsaturated fats, which include common vegetable oils such as corn, soy, safflower, sunflower and canola, are absolutely the worst oils to cook with.
Cooking your food in omega-6 vegetable oils produces a variety of very toxic chemicals, as well as forming trans-fats. Frying destroys the antioxidants in oil, actually oxidizing the oil, which causes even worse problems for your body than trans-fats.
Most vegetable oils are GM (genetically modified), including more than 90 percent of soy, corn and canola oils.
Vegetable oils contribute to the overabundance of damaged omega-6 fats in your diet, throwing offyour omega-6 to omega-3 ratio. Nearly everyone in Western society consumes far too many omega-6 fats -- about 100 times more than a century ago -- and insufficient omega 3 fats, which contributes to numerous chronic degenerative diseases.
There is only one oil that is stable enough to withstand the heat of cooking, and that's coconut oil. So, do yourself a favor and ditch all those "healthy oil wannabes," and replace them with a large jar of fresh, organic, heart-supporting coconut oil.
© Copyright IT Supplier a website owned by TI (Technology Innovators) Ltd 2018 All rights reserved | Twitter | Pinterest | Facebook | GooglePlus |
my favourite is lumiere(and in past in the 2nd beauty and the beast belle Come d’incanto world)i hate and cant stand Beyond him also too plumette(or bombette)i am confused with her name(because her try to flirt with the clock and she hate belle and she half kill lumiere) postato più di un anno fa
Autohemotherapy is a concept attributed to Dr. Paul Ravaut at the beginning of the last century (1912) and it involves th...
A global survey in 2016 said the ratio of obese adults had more than doubled in the 40 years since 1975. Of about five bi...
Multiple sclerosis is a demyelinating autoimmune neurodegenerative disease of the central nervous system that affects the...
Autohemotherapy is a concept attributed to Dr. Paul Ravaut at the beginning of the last century (1912) and it i...
Health Care Insights - From Policy to Practice is the trusted source for news and commentary from the nation's leading Health Care Events such as Medicaid Drug Rebate Program Summit (MDRP), Medicaid Managed Care Congress (MMCC), FDA/CMS to inform Health Plans and Pharmaceutical Manufacturers on the latest developments on Medicare, Medicaid Managed Care, Government Programs, and Health Insurance Exchanges.
Topics we cover include reform, best business practices, the latest innovations, and novel payment models.
There is still time left to register for the 18th Annual Medicaid Drug Rebate Program Summit! Online registration closes this Sunday, September 8th, use code XP1858LINK to save 15% when you register!
Are you ready? MDRP 2013 is THE authoritative event for everything government pricing, rebates and regulation. Join 60+ speakers, 500+ MDRP executives, 20+ solution providers in the only event where the government programs and pricing industry comes together each year to debate and create a roadmap to operational solutions.
• Overcome Challenges to Medicaid Drug Rebating Methodology to avoid costly calculation mistakes that affect company financials
• Financial Implications to Government Pricing Programs to establish connections between the departments affected by government pricing programs
• Understand and Comply with State Processes, Operations and Requirements to sustain positive relationships with the states and avoid disputes
• Contract Management, Business Analytics and Systems Implementation updates to ensure you have the latest methods that will lead to the most accurate calculations and rebates
To learn more, download our brochure. Questions about the event? Feel free to contact Kate Devery at kdevery@iirusa.com or visit the webpage.
P.S. - You can find the most up-to-date hotels that have availability and current rates near our host hotel here.
The village of Sottocolli is 2,26 kilometers far from the same town of Castelnovo del Friuli to whom it belongs.
The number in parentheses following each village name indicate the distance between the same village and the municipality of Castelnovo del Friuli.
There are nine singles (six males and three females). There are ten people married, and zero people legally separed. There are also two divorced people and one widows and widowers.
In Sottocolli live one foreigners, one are males and zero are females. 1 come from Europa, 0 from Africa, 0 from America, 0 from Asia and 0 from Oceania.
Genere University degree High school diploma Middle School diploma Primary School diploma Literates Illiterates
There are in Sottocolli 10 people aged 15 years or more. 10 are employed and 0 were previously employed but now are unemployed and seeking for a new job. There are 5 males aged 15 years or more, 5 are employed and 0 were previously employed but now are unemployed and seeking for a new job. There are 5 females aged 15 years or more, 5 are employed and 0 s were previously employed but now are unemployed and seeking for a new job.
Please find in what follows a table showing the number of families along with the number of people for each family.
There are 13 famiglie living in Sottocolli. 0 live in rented houses, 12 live in houses of their own propertyÂ and 1 live in houses for different reasons.
There are in Sottocolli 24 buildings, but only 23 are used. 14 buildings are for residential use, 9 buildings are for commercial or productive pourposes. Among the 14 buildings for residential use 0 were build using bricks of tuffs, 6 were built in concrete and 8 were built using other materials like steel, wood and so on. Among the 14 buildings for residential use 1 are in excellent condition, 13 are in good conditions, 0 are in mediocre conditions and 0 are in bad conditions.
In the following three tables the buildings built for residential use in Sottocolli are classified by building year, by floors number and by rooms number.
Please look at the closest pharmacies in the town of Castelnovo del Friuli, to whom Sottocolli belongs.
Please look at the closest parishes in the town of Castelnovo del Friuli, to whom Sottocolli belongs.
You can arrange the results by number of stars, by popularity, by distance or even by the guest review score choosing among young couples, mature couples, families with young children, families with older children, people withfriends, or solo travellers.
Look at the interactive map of Sottocolli and get the road maps, the satellite maps and the mixed ones too. Interactive maps of Sottocolli also allow an immediate view of: bar,restaurants,pubs,pizzerias,dancing,night clubs,banks,jewellers,beauty centers,hair stylists,supermarkets,pharmacies.
Please feel free to use the same free text search box placed on top of the map to find any kind of business activities you're interested into.
Press the Playlist button to access the complete listing of the available videos, along with their titles. It will suffice to scroll through the list using the cursor to select any of the videos.
Once the video started you can use the and buttons to scroll through the videos. Each video can be displayed in full screen.
Please add your content filling in the following form. Your e-mail address will not be shown, so to avoid spamming.
By using this free service the users authorize the owner of the site, Reti e Sistemi, Corso Piersanti Mattarella n.12 Trapani, Italy, (1) to store the data in its own database and to display them in full or partly within the site italia.indettaglio.it; (2) to use the data for eventually mailing information, advertising or promotional information accordingly to the Italian Law 675/96. At any time, in accordance with the article 13 of the same law 675/96, users can have access to their data, request the modification or the cancellation of the same or oppose their use for free by contacting:Reti e Sistemi, Corso Piersanti Mattarella n. 12 Trapani, Italy. In case of a request for cancellation or opposition to their use in accordance with what above stated the data will be removed from the databases and will not be more visible in the pages of italia.indettaglio.it unless a new application is submitted. RETI E SISTEMI Srl reserves itself the right of not to accept the received requests or of to adapt the same for internal needs.
The Reti e Sistemi S.r.l. founded in 2000 by a group of professionals with decades of experience in Information Technology to be able to meet the most diverse computing needs of its valued customers.
A magical stay in the warm atmosphere of a 17th century villa immersed in the peace of a romantic garden. Situated in the national park of “Campo dei Fiori” and in the vicinity of “Lago Maggiore”, the villa is blessed with a strategical position perfect for appreciating the beauty of the land it bel ...
Make the perfect shot deer hunting! The Range Finder for Hunting Deer - Deer Rangefinder allows you to estimate the distance from your hunting spot to your deer. Perfect for bow hunting. This Range Finder for Hunting Deer - Deer Rangefinder is perfect for any deer hunter and bow hunter who wants to improve their chances of success in the field. Simply point the crosshairs at the base of the object you want to find the range for and the yardage will instantly show on your screen. Great for estimating distances to approximately 40 yards. FEATURES: - Range finder overlay of the distance from your current location to target visualize your shot range - Easily set your current height above ground for range estimations - Significantly more cost effective compared to expensive store bought range finders - Yardage to object clearly indicated on screen with this bowranger - Distance continually updates as you check ranges with this range finder for hunting - No calibration needed! Simply set your current height above ground and point for rangefinder - Never forget your rangefinder at home again, you always have your phone rangefinder with you - Impress your hunting buddies with this distance tracker because you can place perfect bow hunting and deer hunting shots based on range -One of the best range finder hunting apps to bring with you on your next deer hunt Download the Range Finder for Hunting Deer - Deer Rangefinder and start having deer hunting and bow hunting success today!
Webmasters and information companies began optimizing web sites for serps from the mid-nineties, as the 1st engines like google had been cataloging the early Internet. In the beginning, all site owners needed to do was to post the tackle of the web page, or URL, to the assorted engines which would mail a "spider" to "crawl" that site, extract back links to other webpages from it, and return facts identified around the page being indexed.
As of 2009, there are actually only some significant marketplaces in which Google isn't the main internet search engine. Generally, when Google is not really top in a very provided marketplace, it really is lagging at the rear of a local participant.
Make an index of key phrases and keyword phrases to your report. This is essential so that your publisher can include it during the metadata with the page, that's Element of the HTML code. Keywords and phrases and essential phrases are phrases or phrases that men and women would use to look for information on the topic which you will be going to write.
Strategic placement of crucial phrases and keywords from the textual content, and the inclusion of hyperlinks will Strengthen the readership of the website page. Go through the following techniques to find out how to jot down an posting working with Search engine marketing.
In this instance, considering the fact that Internet site B is definitely the receiver of diverse inbound links, it ranks extra remarkably in an internet research. As well as hyperlinks "have by way of," this kind of that Internet site C, While it only has 1 seo experts sydney inbound url, has an inbound url from the hugely preferred website (B) when website E would not. Notice: percentages are rounded.
Search engine marketing is just not an proper approach For each Web page, along with other Web marketing and advertising techniques may be simpler like paid out promoting via pay out for every click on (PPC) strategies, dependant upon the web-site operator's targets.
Early variations of search algorithms relied on webmaster-presented facts like the keyword meta tag, or index documents in engines like ALIWEB. Meta tags give a guidebook to every page's articles. Making use of meta facts to index web pages was found to get fewer than dependable, even so, because the webmaster's selection of key terms within the meta tag could likely be an inaccurate representation of the site's true information.
White hat suggestions is normally summed up as producing written content for consumers, not for search engines, after which earning that material quickly accessible towards the spiders, rather than trying to trick the algorithm from its supposed goal. White hat Search engine optimization is in some ways similar to Net enhancement that promotes accessibility,[44] Even though the two usually are not equivalent.
Search engine optimisation could create an sufficient return on expense. Nevertheless, search engines like google will not be paid out for organic look for targeted visitors, their algorithms improve, and there isn't any assures of ongoing referrals. As a result of this insufficient guarantees and certainty, a company that depends intensely on internet search engine site visitors can endure major losses if the various search engines end sending readers.
Seo (SEO) is the entire process of influencing the visibility of a website or even a Web content in a search engine's unpaid effects - normally known as "normal," "natural and organic," or "earned" success. Generally, the earlier (or better rated around the search results website page), and more often a internet site seems from the search engine results record, the greater people it will obtain through the online search engine's consumers.
Resume Help Retail Chronological Resumes is part of great design ideas. Resume Help Retail Chronological Resumes was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Resume Help Retail Chronological Resumes was posted in November 2, 2018 at 5:38 am. Resume Help Retail Chronological Resumes has viewed by 1 users. Click it and download the Resume Help Retail Chronological Resumes.
Template, Resume Help was posted September 19, 2018 at 7:26 am by hellfest.info . More over Resume Help has viewed by 31 visitor.
Format, I Need Help With My Resume And Cover Letter was posted January 19, 2017 at 8:20 pm by hellfest.info . More over I Need Help With My Resume And Cover Letter has viewed by 77 visitor.
Invoice, I Need Help Building A Resume was posted July 30, 2016 at 7:57 pm by hellfest.info . More over I Need Help Building A Resume has viewed by 52 visitor.
Essay, Resume Help For High School Students was posted January 25, 2017 at 8:26 pm by hellfest.info . More over Resume Help For High School Students has viewed by 37 visitor.
Formal, Help Me Write My Resume was posted March 15, 2017 at 3:44 pm by hellfest.info . More over Help Me Write My Resume has viewed by 32 visitor.
Are you ready for football to be over for the season? I know that I am. Honestly, this year I couldn’t care less about either team that is playing in the Super Bowl. The only thing I am excited about is hanging out with friends and eating delicious food.
You want to bring a dish to the party that will be delicious and Instagram-worthy. You may want it to have some sort of nutritional value. I always prefer homemade food, cooked from scratch, because I am weird like that. I want my food to be made from ingredients from the Earth rather than chemicals in a factory.
My daughter often laments when she visits my house that my kitchen is full of ingredients rather than food. I take this as a compliment, although, I know it is not intended as such.
So, for weeks I have been trying to decide what to bring to the Super Bowl party that we will be attending this weekend. I can’t decide between snack food such as a dip with chips and veggies like this Roasted Carrot Hummus or Guacamole with Clementines or bringing something more substantial.
Some of the people attending the party are meat and potatoes people and a few are vegetarians. So, I want to bring something that will appeal to everyone.
Keeping that in mind, in addition to the dip recipes listed above, I have a really delicious chili recipe to share with you. The Super Bowl and a pot of chili go together like wine and cheese. Am I right? Chili is a perfect party food. It can be made ahead of time and then kept warm in a slow cooker so it is ready to eat at half-time.
This Blow-Your-Mind Black Bean chili is sure to please your football loving friends. I am so in love with this chili recipe! It is full of black beans and wheat berries (more on these in a minute) which makes it a super satisfying.
The addition of mushrooms also lends meaty texture to the chili which may keep the carnivores at the table from grumbling. The smoky flavor comes from chipotle chili powder. If you like extra heat and smoke, you could add a chopped up chili pepper and some of the sauce from a can of chipotle chilies in adobo sauce. The chili is meatless which is perfect if you have vegetarians coming to party and hearty enough that the carnivores may not miss the meat.
If you aren’t familiar with wheat berries, I encourage you to give them a try. You boil the whole grains in liquid, usually water or broth, until cooked through. The process is similar to cooking rice. They have a chewy texture and a nutty flavor. You can find wheat berries in the bulk section of many super markets or packaged in the grocery aisle with other whole grains. Wheat berries are sometimes referred to as hard red winter wheat.
Plus, suggest having a selection of toppings available so that guests can customize their chili bowls just the way they like them. Some of my favorite chili toppings are:
Hi, I am Diane. Welcome to Hello Fun Seekers. Do you love good food and traveling? Then you are in the right place. I seek out the best information and share it with you here. I am also on social media if that is more your thing. So join me. Let’s connect.
CDs must have a CD Face Graphic (Required) product and can have multiple Individual CD Image File (the digital file on the CD) products added
A subject can only order ONE CD per subject order submission - ordering 2 CDs will result in all CD Images produced on a single CD, but a charge for 2 CDs (i.e. cannot order a qty of 2 CDs on a single subject)
Add a CD Face Graphic (Required) product - this is the physical CD and must be added in order to properly produce a CD of images
Associate a layout with the CD Face Graphic product - there is a preinstalled layout called Image CD Custom Face which is a basic layout, but can be customized and saved as a new layout
For multi-pose, add the number of Individual CD Image File products needed to produce the CD and associate the appropriate layout to automatically pull the pose for that file
Do NOT select Use Ordered Image if Available as that will cause the ordered image to overwrite the reference pose for the layout
So, the Bagger 288 has been on the list of "things" in the Land of One Thousand Towers for quite a while - see http://henchmanabuse.blogspot.com/2010/12/bagger-288.html
I'm using it as a potential solution for the zombie problem the players unleashed. Well, not so much a solution, it's just that geography says the zombies are in the way when the players head to the dungeon. This is a megadungeon campaign, so if they want more dungeon loot, they've got to deal with the mess. They could also head off in another direction entirely, but they're pretty wary of the dinosaur-haunted wilderness - it wasn't too hard to predict that Gutboy would listen to Wurgol.
Of course, Gutboy is showing an unexpected degree of concern for the people of the world. If Pai Mei had been able to make it, I think there'd be less planning for the long-term consequences. Gutboy's contact w/ Professor Smithen does let me introduce the conflict between the Scientists and the Academy though - and Michael's going to force Gutboy to choose sides.
Gutboy is also intent on getting his dog elected to the city council. There's no way that a freshly-minted citizen could get completely burned dabbling in byzantine Denethix politics, so it's going to be a total win with no downside. I like his initiative, and Gutboy doesn't yet understand the depth of the corruption in Denethix, so hilarity is bound to ensue.
Finally, that ring of invisibility from Death Frost Doom - it's made me realize that magic items in my campaign are generally really, really obvious. If something's got powers, it's advertising it. In a "normal" D&D campaign, a featureless ring would be the instant subject of a detect magic on general principle - but I've managed to train my players into expecting garish and weird treasure, so they tossed it aside without a second thought. Well, until I crowed about Gutboy tossing aside something valuable, and mocked him with rumors of the Bazaar being robbed blind. Apparently Gutboy's got access to "locate object" - I was forced to eat my words. On the plus side, he refused to search the pirate for treasure on two occasions, when the scurvy dog had been on an extended robbery spree - no loot for you, Mr. Gutboy.
After reading about DFD I have been thinking, if you are familiar with Fungoid Gardens of the Bone Sorcerer, where you would place it in world of ASE and what modifications you would do to it?
Sorry, I'm not familiar with it at all - you're on your own! General advice - you can't go wrong with robots or dinosaurs. Or robot dinosaurs.
Middle-aged guy, who despises henchmen as the XP sponges that they truly are. You can contact me at: wetmorepATTTTgmaildotcom
The Cornell men are racking up points in big chunks and pulling away from Princeton. The Tigers have a lot of points to make up in the dwindling number of opportunities.
On the women’s side, host Harvard has taken a nice lead, ahead of Columbia, Cornell, Princeton and Dartmouth. It is still a wide-open affair.
This entry was posted on Sunday, February 24th, 2013 at 1:58 pm.	It is filed under Heps Champs, Spotlight. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.
Flortrack released an interview with Princeton alum Peter Callahan (Pr ’13), talking about his transition to New Mexico, where he will be using up his outdoor eligibility. At the end of the interview, the interviewer, Gordon Mack, challenged Callahan to a simple “feat of athleticism”. Check out the interview here.
Earlier this week, shoe company Hoka One One announced Cornell alum Sage Canaday (Cor ’08) is one of the professional ultra-marathon racers the company has signed to join their elite training team. The Daily Relay caught up with Canaday and asked him about his 2014 plans and his new sponsorship.
When he is not throwing the javelin, Dartmouth alum Sean Furey (D ’04) is taking pictures on behalf of the Navy. Some of Furey’s photos were incorporated in a special feature on the USS Arizona Memorial as he was allowed access to photograph the funeral service of a former USS Arizona veteran from the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Harvard alum Chas Gillespie (H ’10) is now an online author. Last year, he released an e-book “Born to Run Barefoot”, his personal take on barefoot running and how it is related to running injuries. It’s available on Amazon. He is also now a regular contributor to the Thought Catalog website while training/blogging with the Team Indiana Elite running club.
Princeton’s hammer queen, Julia Ratcliffe, is a blog writer in her own right. She’s contributing her training progress to the Athletics New Zealand blog “The Road to Glasgow”, which focuses on five Kiwi athletes whose goals are to compete in the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Her latest entry is up here.
Columbia University Athletics released a Q&A yesterday with their star sprinter, Marvellous Iheukwumere. Her ultimate goal is to qualify for both the NCAA Indoor and Outdoor Championships with a large contingent of Columbia Lions.
In December, Track & Field News released their annual listing of High School All-Americans, eligibility moves, and ratings of the incoming freshmen classes (which is published in their January 2014 edition). Five current Ivy League freshmen were recognized as High School All-Americans: Jade Miller (Harvard – 300/400 Hurdles), Nikki Okwelogu (Harvard – Discus), James Randon (Yale – 2 Mile), Rudy Winkler (Cornell – Hammer), and Josh Whitener (Harvard – Hammer). Miller and Okwelogu helped the Harvard women’s incoming class get a # 9 ranking for the women’s teams. Miller even received a featured interview by friend-of-Hepstrack Rich Sands regarding her choice to go to Harvard. Sure, you can try to read it in the image above, but we recommend you check out the magazine itself.
This entry was posted on Thursday, January 16th, 2014 at 7:38 pm.	It is filed under Alumni, Spotlight. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.
For many middle-aged players of Dungeons & Dragons, we remember vividly having to defend our hobby to parents, teachers, ministers, and detractors alike. Many of the younger players still ask what it was like growing up in a time when D&D was dangerous. RetroReporting takes a look back at D&D; the hobby, the hysteria, and the history of a cultural phenomenon.
These two have been partners in crime today! Lots of playing with pooping dolls and grocery carts and kitchen fun!! So dang cute!!
Malia has decided the last couple of nights that being a little nakey baby is lots of fun.. I gotta admit seeing her run around nakey.. well with some big girl panties on, is pretty dang cute!
We were pretty busy today getting Kaden ready for his week long scout camp trip, Im quite overwhelmed by all that is supposed to get bought and packed by Thursday and with Rich gone visiting his brother... Im just like I said overwhelmed!
I am a mom of 3 gorgeous kids and I have began to develop my hobby into something more. I love using creativity through my lens.
With a network spanning more than 5,000 square miles and thousands of health care providers, Regal Medical Group is part of one of Southern California's largest managed health networks. That size works to your advantage, allowing us to be there to coordinate all of your health care, when and where you need us. In spite of our size, we remain rooted in close community and operate upon the simple, traditional principles of knowing our customer, and providing respectful, personal, quality care.
At Regal, we know that navigating the healthcare system can be complicated for patients and for physicians. We also believe that during a visit to your doctor, the focus should be on health and wellness. You should be discussing things like prevention, diagnosis, treatment and healing, not coverage, networks, claims, regulations and billing. That's where an IPA, like Regal Medical Group, is able to serve both patients and physicians, by managing the business of managed care so that you don't have to.
Regal Medical Group works together with your healthcare plan and your PCP to keep things running smoothly. We collaborate with our physicians to provide quality care, while focusing on minimizing your out of pocket expenses. One way that we keep your overall health care costs low is by emphasizing preventative care in order to keep you healthy.
Sierra Medical Group represents the future of medicine. Throughout our twenty five year history serving Antelope Valley, we have diligently invested our time and resources in the development of programs and services responsive to the healthcare needs of today's patient, while adapting to the increasingly diverse needs of tomorrow's health care agenda.
At SMG your health is our priority. An excellent team of specialty physicians who are either board certified or board eligible supports our primary care physicians providing you with a comprehensive healthcare network that is fully committed to your individual needs.
At SMG, we work hard to ensure that our patients receive quality medical care. This is why you will find easy access to your doctor, minimal waiting time for referrals, and staff members that genuinely care for your well-being.
DOHC is a team of highly skilled primary care physicians and ancillary providers, servicing the community with all their health care needs from newborn to senior care. We have convenient locations throughout the Coachella Valley, Morongo Basin and Yucca Valley areas.
DOHC’s services include access to 6 Immediate and Urgent Care Centers - Bermuda Dunes, Indio, Palm Desert, Palm Springs and Yucca Valley. Our programs include Living and Aging Well, Home Health Services and Medication Management Services which are committed to improving your health proactively.
We are affiliated with every hospital in the Coachella Valley, which includes Eisenhower Memorial Hospital, Desert Regional Medical Center, John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital and Hi-Desert Medical Center.
Bakersfield Family Medical Center provides excellence in health care to our patients in professional settings that promote wellness and preventive medicine in Kern County. Throughout the twenty year history of our medical group, we have diligently invested our resources in the development of programs and services responsive to the healthcare needs of today’s patient while adapting to the increasingly diverse needs of tomorrow’s healthcare agenda.
Our facilities offer superior patient convenience by providing Urgent Care, Pharmacy, Lab, Radiology, Pediatrics and a variety of specialty services at one convenient site. In addition, the Heritage Physician Network is a group of physicians located throughout Kern County who have joined together to form an Independent Physicians Association (IPA). These IPA physicians remain affiliated with BFMC although they maintain their own individual offices. Members who choose physicians in Heritage Physician Network will see their selected doctors in their conveniently located private offices. All members of Heritage Physician Network can access the full range of services, programs and specialists offered by BFMC.
CCPN is an Independent Practice Association (IPA) formed in 2006, consisting of a network of contracted physicians located throughout the San Luis Obispo and Tulare counties. These IPA physicians are affiliated with BFMC/CCPN for the coordination of care rendered to members who have selected CCPN as their primary medical group. Members who choose physicians of CCPN will see their doctors in their conveniently located private offices and also have access to a whole network of out-of-area specialists. All members of CCPN can access a full range of services, programs and specialists through these contracted providers.
HDMG has a long-standing promise to provide residents of the Antelope Valley with the highest quality health care possible. Living up to our promise is an on-going commitment, which necessitates our growth as a multi-specialty medical group providing a wide range of health care services for our patients. For more than 25 years, we've been fortunate to have an impressive team of health care professionals, administrators, support personnel and dedicated volunteers who work in unison to help us deliver on our promise.
Together, we partner with local hospitals, medical experts and business leaders, and we actively support numerous organizations, educational, cultural and recreational events. Our team of healthcare professionals is available and ready to help you with all of your medical needs. We accept over 85 different health plans, including HMO, PPO, POS, EPO, Private and Medicare plans. Our Lancaster facility offers the convenience of having your Primary Care Physician, Lab, X-Ray, Urgent Care, Pharmacy, a Health Education Department, Infusion Center, and a multitude of subspecialties all under the same roof. In addition, our Urgent Care is now open 24 hours a day 7 days a week including holidays. We also have a full service Occupational Medicine Center on-site.
Heritage Victor Valley Medical Group has exceeded our members’ expectations since its inception in 2003 through personalized care by a staff of skilled professionals, a speedy referral system, and a panel of specialists to serve all your medical needs.
We believe the most important aspect of healthcare is tending to the personal needs of our patients. Our facilities are equipped with some of the finest diagnostic equipment and technicians available. We have the resources and commitment to always bring the best to meet the new challenges and ever-changing health care needs of the Victor Valley region.
Lakeside Medical Group is a comprehensive healthcare provider with a network of physicians and services throughout the San Fernando, San Gabriel and Santa Clarita Valleys, as well as parts of Ventura and San Bernardino Counties. We aim to deliver quality, affordable healthcare to the communities we serve.
We bring more than 20 years of innovation in healthcare delivery and management systems to our integrated network of services, which include hundreds of primary care physicians and over a thousand specialists; ancillary services, such as an outpatient surgery center, urgent care centers and physical therapy; and affiliations with premier hospitals, labs and other support services.
Our commitment to complete patient care includes developing new and better ways of delivering healthcare. From our approach to prevention and disease management to our hospitalist program and more, your care is coordinated so that you have the best possible outcomes.
Affiliated Doctors of Orange County Medical Group, Inc., (ADOC) is an independent practice association, a medical group of over 275 private physicians and 600 specialty physicians who are dedicated to providing affordable, quality healthcare for individuals of all ages. We are affiliated with most major health plans, including many HMOs.
With offices throughout the greater Orange County area, chances are board-certified primary care physician and board certified specialists you need are in your own neighborhood.
Diabetes is a disease in which the body does not produce or properly use insulin. Insulin is a hormone that is needed to convert sugar, starches and other food into energy needed for daily life. The cause of diabetes continues to be a mystery, although both genetics and environmental factors such as obesity and lack of exercise appear to play roles.
There are 23.6 million children and adults in the United States, or 7.8% of the population, who have diabetes. While an estimated 17.9 million have been diagnosed with diabetes, unfortunately, 5.7 million people (or nearly one quarter) are unaware that they have the disease.
With the FPG test, a fasting blood glucose level between 100 and 125 mg/dl signals pre-diabetes. A person with a fasting blood glucose level of 126 mg/dl or higher has diabetes.
In the OGTT test, a person's blood glucose level is measured after a fast and two hours after drinking a glucose-rich beverage. If the two-hour blood glucose level is between 140 and 199 mg/dl, the person tested has pre-diabetes. If the two-hour blood glucose level is at 200 mg/dl or higher, the person tested has diabetes.
Type 2 diabetes is the most common form of diabetes. In type 2 diabetes, either the body does not produce enough insulin or the cells ignore the insulin. Insulin is necessary for the body to be able to use glucose for energy. When you eat food, the body breaks down all of the sugars and starches into glucose, which is the basic fuel for the cells in the body. Insulin takes the sugar from the blood into the cells. When glucose builds up in the blood instead of going into cells, it can cause two problems:
Finding out you have diabetes is scary. But don't panic. Type 2 diabetes is serious, but people with diabetes can live long, healthy, happy lives.
While diabetes occurs in people of all ages and races, some groups have a higher risk for developing type 2 diabetes than others. Type 2 diabetes is more common in African Americans, Latinos, Native Americans, and Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders, as well as the aged population.
Your feedback and comments are important to us. Please take the time to complete our customer satisfaction survey.
Children spend 14 of their formative years in school. The journey that begins as a nervous yet curious four-year-old in the nursery reaches its peak as a young, confident adult passing out from Grade 12. The voyage of discovery, exploration, reflection and learning is continuous as the child moves from one grade to the next. Successive years come with their varied demands and needs. The Junior, Middle and Senior school programmes at Heritage Xperiential Learning School, Gurugram, carry a very distinct cadence and melody though they echo the underlying philosophies and practices of the school. At the end of the day, it is a single note that reverberates through all three school programmes.
The aim of the Junior Programme is to create a joyous vibrant space for children to feel comfortable in with themselves and their new environment.
Middle years are the very core of any school – the formative years that leave an ever-lasting impression on the child’s mind. The middle years are also the critical period when the dice can roll either way.
The Senior Programme bears witness to the coming of age of young adults, with insecurities and issues related to the teenage years.
Disclaimer : All efforts have been made to exclude photographs of children whose parents did not grant us permission, any inclusion is inadvertent and regretted
christy norris agriculture hammer mill. Crushing Equipment. Stone crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum productivity and high reduction ratio.
Results for Christy & Norris swing hammer mill equipment. Compare and contact a supplier near you on Environmental XPRT
with Christy and Norris hammer mill and stored in air- tight ... by the National Institute of Agricultural ... Christy Norris hammer mill fitted ...
Samples were then milled (Christy and Norris hammer mill; Christy and Norris Process Engineers Ltd ... christy norris agriculture hammer mill. Hammer Mills ...
christy norris hammer mill - garudatravelskzm.in. The toasted samples were milled with a hammer mill (Christy and Norris Ltd, Chelmsford, England) ...
Basalt is the ideal materials to mix asphalt mixture. basalt is largely applied to constructions of railway, highway, and airfield runway. To one complete basalt production line, it may contain many of the machines.The final equipments configuration depends the practical demands and the design.
Granite is the hardest ore in all minerals, especially broken granite. however, due to large granite mining, it can be used in various fields. SBM Mining Machinery provides granite crushing machine, and our product plays an important role in the mining of granite.
GOLD Tantalite Minerals - Home | Facebook GOLD Tantalite Minerals, Goma, Democratic Republic Congo. 793 likes. HELLO,WE ARE MINERAL BUSINESS PEOPLE DEALING IN SALE OF MINERALS LIKE... Tantalite Cameroon Other Ore - Weiku We are also affiliated with Mining Group (CONGO), based in Ituri Eastern of the Democratic Republic of Congo and main activities are mining we do mine Gold, Tantalite ... Tantalite: Zimbabwe's latest discovery - Bulawayo24 . Tantalite: Zimbabwe's ... But the locals feel they are likely to be relocated to pave way for the mining activities. The mining of tantalite has caused a number ... Read More
List of tantalite-ore companies Over 62, in China, India, United States, Turkey, Pakistan, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and across the world. .
A piece of columbite-tantalite, size 6.0 x 2.5 x 2.1 cm. Coltan (short for columbite–tantalite and known industrially as tantalite) ... ^ Mining Journal ...
Tantalite - Wikipedia, ... West Australian based mining company Talison Lithium Limited is one of the world's largest suppliers of the strategic minerals ...
War vets to be evicted as tantalite discovered -. Mining experts and government officials from the District Administrator's office visited the farm recently and ...
Download as PDF. Currently, prospecting and mining of solid minerals contribute . The paper characterizes the Nigerian tantalite reserves and evaluates competing ...
From ferrous iron content and the Greek mythological Tantalus, for the difficulty of dissolving the mineral. The original material with Fe>Mn was called Tantalite ...
The U.S. International Trade Commission's Harmonized Tariff Schedule System categorizes some selected ... Posts Related to Tantalite mining equipment.
Tantalite Mining Si [ 4.7 - 9752 Ratings ] The Gulin ... Formalising Zimbabwe's Artisanal Mining ... tantalite and chrome. Artisanal mining is defined as mining ...
Most of the world's coltan/tantalite comes from modern ... The development of governance in the mining sector in the DRC is a ... Subscribe to The Strategist.
tantalite mines for sale in zimbabwe; Mines, Mineral Properties and Mining Claims For Sale ... Gold & Silver Mines for Sale, Lease, and Joint Venture including small ...
Industry Greenbushes' two major industries are mining, producing tantalite ... and the Ministry of Mines is now promoting the country's mining potential in ...
Tantalite from Tanzania - Free to use unique search engine of reliable, genuine and verified companies, suppliers, exporters, sellers, manufacturers, factories ...
Tantalite Mining Equipments - China Cone Crusher, Crusher Tantalite Mining Equipments, ... Australia's mining industry operates in some of .
Ensurge, Inc. Closes Acquisition of Tantalite Property and Receives Approval for Mining Permits from the Guyana Geology and Mines Commission
Many specimens called tantalite actually belong to the <m>columbite</m ... N.T. Final Report on 1981 Exploration Programme by R.B. Mining Pty. Ltd. ⓘ Millar's ...
In the yard of the Shenimed sorting house, young men are busy sorting and cleaning colombo-tantalite ore, or coltan, as it is known in this part of the world ...
Supply Tantalite Mining Equipment. Tantalite Mining Equipment... Our products(Tantalite Mining Equipment) have been sold to many countries and areas of Southeast Asia ...
This is a sharply formed crystal of tantalite from the Harding Mine in New Mexico. I acquired it in .....
So as far as i understand, (with the poor engrish) - Getting the Orb, turns you into a 3rd faction that is at war with the 2 major factions, Light and Dark Forces factions.
I know it's a far stretch to ask for a unprotected version, bold i'd love to have a look around in the editor within this map to show things are done. Been considering making a map myself with endless waves and the like... But the editor is a rather intimidating, and being able to look at this map's inner workings would aid in making my own map.
And along the edge of the map, Monsters spawn and set to "Attack move" towards each corner, and walk clockwise.
Considering the possible size of maps, and how powerful computers are today, a huge amount of monsters could be spawned.
Nope, just went up there to look, no Orb of Darkness, just more fun items to play with, but not orb, or recipe to make orb...
You might find things you are looking for on https://www.hiveworkshop.com/ or some other site for Warcraft 3 moders.
The partly covered patio area gives you a choice of relaxing in either sun or shade with good uninterrupted views over the small peaceful lake surrounded by Pine and Oak trees. Many birds including various varieties of herons can be seen on and around the lake at certain times. Watch the sun go down each evening while sipping your favourite drinks. Fishing is allowed in the lakes at Sunridge Woods on a catch and return rule.
The solar heated pool is in the shape of a Mickey Mouse head. Electric pool heating is available during winter months at an additional cost. The patio and pool area is completely enclosed with netting to keep out flying insects.
The Management Company is just a free phone call away for any assistance you may require during your stay.
Post details of your rave flyer, poster, tickets, magazine sales you have and are willing to sell or swap with other members in here.
Details of the Magazines, Newsletters ,Memberships & Tickets sold each month on Ebay will be posted in here.
Young Scooter taps Future, Kodak Black, Akon, Young Thug, Jose Guapo, and more for the third installment in his ‘Street Lottery’ mixtape series. Stream and download the 16-track release below.
Our chat app is now at alpha release and may have some bugs, we are still developing it. You will see the improvements day by day. If you have suggestions or error reports please contact us
@Schrunsekris Personally, in my opinion, if you do not compare the two shows this one only has one major problem that really needs to be toned down to make it a decent show. If they didn't try to club you over the head every 5 minutes with the feminist agenda thing, it would be fine. The story is somewhat interesting and two of the sisters are likeable. The third sister would be likeable, like I said, if she just toned down the feminist agenda crap. And no, I'm not a sexist as some other idiot called me for not liking that. Even the old charmed pushed the feminist agenda, but they did it in subtle ways and didn't try to club you over the head with it and it was more enjoyable because of that.
I know, everyone is complaining how lame this show is in comparison to the original Charmed which I loved and have the complete series on DVD at home...but I really think it is not that bad... if you don´t compare it ;)
Jz Hellfist get a grip on your complaining about feminism and politics in Comic TV Shows.... nobody complained when the bold rich white guy was the bad guy in Superman (who clearly would have been a republican in real life) lol. Supergirl is a girl and fights for the good that includes surpressed and wrongly treated people, so this season is about "illegal" aliens, next season maybe a fat rich evil man is the main villain again who enslaves aliens .... who cares? TV Shows are full with stereotypes....Germans are Nazis or wear Lederhosen, Russians are cruel spies who deal with weapons, south americans are ruthless druglords and asian are superevil Ninjas... thats how it was in the past and will be over and over again .... I try to stay out of arguments here, but when I read your whining I just think - STOP watching the show when you can´t deal with it.... Get over it!!!!
I wish they had not made the doctor a woman as they had to change cannon to do it, the master well he was sealing bodies to regen so he was fine. But despite that i love the actress she has many of the qualities i missed from the older doctors of days gone by, i would have watched her in her own spin off as a female time lord. The writing is lacking and feels like they are reusing plots from old movies and TV shows mostly. Still overall have to say it's growing on me, still not changing my mind about the female thing or anything else, but she is doing a great job with the character.
Well I see they have put their spin on the illegal crises "with real aliens" representing the illegal immigrants. And people who love the country as Neo Nazis, all white people are evil "men in particular. On the up side the black woman in charge seems to be evil, didn't think they would do that one. And once again super girl gets her ass kicked then the women at the DEO come up with a way to help. And the gun was not needed as just talking to a crazy person seems to work, so as to say guns are not needed. The continuing under tones of liberal politics, toxic feminism, and gender issues dominate another episode of wimp girl.
Anybody got a link that DOESN'T cut the sound at about 7 minutes and then when it comes back it is behind by at least 5 seconds?
@xoxo87xoxo Oh, gosh. I'd have to disagree. The banjo is a perfect personification of Appalachian music. As one the 'bluegrass' instruments. The music you refer to is very specific. Appalachian music is precisely the music of the mountainous region of Appalachia in the Eastern United States, where our colonies began. It is actually derived from English ballads,, Irish and Scottish traditional music, and religious hymns.
Tired of the damn black panther already, do a show with just him and get back to the real group already. I mean hes ok and i would watch it but this is the advengers not the secret missions of black panther.
I heard this was the final season of the show and they want to end it, kind of explains the whole everyone married thing. They could pick it up later after penny has had a few kids and they have moved into a house. He could be a professor teaching and published papers, she is an agent for actors who have trouble finding work. Her clients are very odd and unusual, she would work primary from home and they both make time to share timer with the kids and at least one parent is home with them. The boy could be more like his mom, and the girl is the brainy one and at times surprises her dad as to just how smart she is. I could go on about a running joke she slept with sheldon or other things but think thats enough to get a good idea going for a new show.
i know they've changed the theme song a couple times as the story goes on to make it fit....but man...the banjo just ruins it
Yeah, can someone upload the last 2 episodes? I have googled the drama to see if it were canceled or something and can't find anything. Not fair to leave us hanging like this!
ignore the pissing contest between Tonia1 and matrilinear both have that "disable adblock garbage. im using llivio's link for openload, its working.
"This is my parents car. I think it has a BLIND SPOT." NEWS flash hooney, ALL cars jave a blind spot.
Jeannn just do it, we all have to go through a ton of links to find a good one sometimes it is FREE after all and not like it is much effort sheeesh
i am not going threw all these link to find a decent one someone please tell me whos link dont give u a headace
i was so excited about a magical fantasy show going thru major withdrawal in the absence of GOT but this one is geared towards the teen crowd ...still jonesing
NCIS Season 16 Episode 7 The Flash (2014) Season 5 Episode 5 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 21 Tosh.0 Season 10 Episode 19 NCIS: New Orleans Season 5 Episode 7 The Voice Season 15 Episode 16 MasterChef: The Professionals Season 11 Episode 4 Ink Master Season 11 Episode 11 The Gifted Season 2 Episode 7 The Kids Are Alright Season 1 Episode 4 The Challenge Season 32 Episode 19 New Amsterdam (2018) Season 1 Episode 7 Black Lightning Season 2 Episode 5 Loudermilk Season 2 Episode 5 The Curse of Oak Island Season 6 Episode 1
Hummus is well known as a delicious and healthy dip. But if you’re tired of the usual hummus, why not give it a little twist by using avocado? Yes, you read that right. Avocado. Not only is the avocado extremely versatile, it also provides healthy fats (which are good for you) to your diet. […]
Shooting Race Fights Adventure Different Sports Logic Arcade Puzzle Cartoons Comedy Games for Boys ● Flying ● War games ● Race ● Shooting ● Fights ● Sports Games for Girls ● Winx ● Barbie ● Dress Up ● Bratz ● Ranetki ● About animals ● Cooking a meal ● Totally Spies ● Funny ● Barbershop ● Kisses ● Tests ● Cleaning ● Shop ● Beauty salon ● Puzzles ● Babysitting ● Adventure ● Funny ● Coloring ● Draw Games for children ● Educational ● For girls ● GoGoRiki ● Coloring ● For Boys ● Educational ● Mansion Games for two Quests Strategies
Very beautiful and fascinating walker, I'm just sure that you will spend for her many hours of intensive massage keyboard. . Play the game Maple Story online.
To insert the game Maple Story on your website, copy the code and paste in the html code of your site. Also, if you like the game Maple Story , copy and send the link to a friend or all your friends, share the game with the world!
Free online games Kogama will make for you a virtual space in a world in which to play, build and experiment a pleasure.
Games COGAM: Wildlife geometry. In the virtual world the most unimaginable events occur, there are unidentified objects, new galaxies are born, alive tale. It is not surprising ideas of authors who are trying to create something unique, perceiving it as a reality. Here and now, inviting experienced gamers play games COGAM, we hope to bring in their perception of gaming space surreal new emotions. Even fantasy or cosmic stories become our family with their intricate life forms and unnatural landscapes, fabulous technique and magic. Now before you the world where there is no random metamorphoses and curved lines. Here reigns the right shape, the right angle, clear lines. Of cubes and parallelepipeds are added people, buildings, vegetation, vehicles, animals. From whatever side you look, the flaw is excluded as chaos, the highest degree of contempt of predestination - that is, free games COGAM. But do not think that you will find the monotony and boredom. The highlight is that the life of this world is boiling. It is filled with turbulent events, dangers, exploits, competition and openness. The presence of a square head does not mean that it produced only mathematical formulas. Like any hero, our lives and passions and constantly in motion. Familiar scenes in the original performance. Unusual games COGAM free space created, so you can choose the direction and explore all the possibilities of bright, original, dynamic toys: • Race; • Fighting; • Quests; • Adventure; • Games logic; • Adventure; • Construction. The most natural expression of this genre is the building. Form details from which erect the building, transport links, to create a machine ideally suited for this. Manage cranes, trucks and other equipment to lift, move and stack the cubes in the right form. Of these, it is possible to make the park with shrubs and trees, lakes and lawns, bridges and benches. Your adventure is just beginning, and it's time to hit the road, that they might settle into a new dimension. Along with universal subjects for all the players completely, you can select the game for girls COGAM. They can communicate with animals, or create your own amusement park, where the main attraction, as always, are a roller coaster. Meeting with kitten Gambolò - a real miracle, and even transformed the look is very little imp. You can play online games COGAM football and basketball, to arrange a competition for the balls, to drive the machines. Being brave players, do not miss the chance to lead a rescue operation to restore the sunken city. Hero jumping from an airplane without a parachute without even thinking. Is not he afraid to break? He just knows that beneath the water column, and soon you can drown. Walking down the streets of the wreck, emerges to gulp air and continue to explore the area. Sometimes a completely peaceful setting, and you only need to make deliberate steps, going to the goal. But sometimes every step of waiting for zombies and other monsters, traps and enemy fire. Every day you can explore new territory, perform heroic acts or engage in creative work, ennobling unusual world of unusual items. Here all genres of dynamic to a more peaceful, he's playing a colorful, exciting, diverse. You are waiting for interesting meetings and travel, you just have to not be afraid to learn new things.
The rules about advertising which follow are abstracts from the 4th edition of “Principles for Television Advertising” issued by the Independent Television Authority in August 1961. They are based on the recommendations of the Advertising Advisory Committee appointed by the Authority under Section 8 (2) (b) of the Television Act, 1954. It is the duty of the Authority under the Act “to comply and secure compliance with the recommendations” of the Advisory Committee “subject to such exceptions or modifications, if any, as may appear to the Authority to be necessary or proper having regard to the duties incumbent on the Authority” otherwise than under subsection 8 (2). The Authority has accepted the Committee’s recommendations and they therefore govern all advertising on the Authority’s service until further notice. The Principles for Television Advertising are kept under review and are revised from time to time as necessary.
It should be noted that paragraph 2 of the “Principles for Television Advertising” expressly reserves the right of the programme contractors and the Authority to impose stricter standards of advertising conduct than those laid down in the “Principles” and its two Appendices. This right is comparable to the recognised right of owners of other advertising media to reject any advertisements they wish.
The “Principles for Television Advertising” represents a general code of television advertising conduct. Appendix 1 to the “Principles” contains rules about specific classes of advertisements and methods of advertising. Appendix 2 is a reprint of the “British Code of Standards in relation to the Advertising of Medicines and Treatments” which, under paragraph 2 (a) of Appendix 1, governs the advertising on television of medicines and treatments.
Under Section 4 (5) of the Television Act the Authority is obliged to consult the Postmaster-General about the classes and descriptions of goods or services which must not
be advertised and the methods of advertising which must not be employed and to carry out any directions which he may give them on the subject. The Authority has consulted the Postmaster-General about the rules here published and he has accepted those to which Section 4 (5) is applicable.
If an advertiser or advertising agent is in doubt about any advertisement, he should approach The Independent Television Companies Association Ltd., Television House, Kingsway, London, W.C.2, or the contractor or contractors with whom he proposes to place the advertisement. He should not approach the Advertising Advisory Committee or any of its members direct.
Say, could you make one of Giselle as an individual mer-person as well? I can see her as part fish for some reason. :^0
if you continue with jane as mermaid, i will start to think she never was something else! XD great work X3
On a scale of 1 to 10, how cute do आप think Poof is ? ( 10 means he is irresistable, 1 means आप can't look at him )
The rustic feel of the main lodge and cottages combined with the modern features of home will mold a perfect vacation experience.
Wheelchair accessible front entrance to greeting desk; former lounge is now a reading room with large fireplace; former dining room is now a games room with various board games, shuffleboard, foosball table, pool table, etc; games room opens through patio doors onto a large communal deck with patio furniture.
and living area with full size fridge, stove, microwave and all cooking amenities. Bedroom one has its own separate entrance (wheelchair accessible) with a shower. Bedroom two has a bath tub (4-piece bath). Patio doors open onto large deck that has a propane BBQ and patio furniture. This suite is at the parking lot end of the main lodge complex.
3 bedrooms with 1 queen bed, 1 double bed and 2 single beds. 3-piece bath (suite 3) and 4-piece bath (suite 4). Kitchen, dining and living area with full size fridge, stove, microwave and all cooking amenities. French doors open onto large deck with a propane BBQ and patio furniture.
one with a double bed. Each bedroom has a 3-piece bath off the bedroom. A large kitchen, dining and living area with full size fridge, stove, microwave and all cooking amenities. Patio door opening onto large deck with propane BBQ and patio furniture. Can be converted to
2 bedrooms, one with a queen bed and single bed, and one bedroom with 2 single beds. Each bedroom has a
3-piece bath off the bedroom. A large kitchen, dining and living area with full size fridge, stove, microwave and all cooking amenities. Patio door open onto large deck with
Queen bed with a 3-piece bath. Kitchen, dining and living area with full size fridge, stove, microwave and all cooking amenities. Door opens to large deck with a propane BBQ and patio furniture.
2 single beds with a 3-piece bath. Kitchen, dining and living area with full size fridge, stove, microwave and all cooking amenities. Door opens to large deck with a propane BBQ and patio furniture.
Secluded honeymoon cottage reached only by footbridge. One-bedroom cottage with queen bed and 3-piece bath. Kitchen, dining and living area with full size fridge, stove, microwave and all cooking amenities. Door opens to large deck with a propane BBQ and patio furniture. Private sand beach.
The company is looking for ventures working on artificial intelligence and blockchain applied to the tax and foreign trade segments.
A Juniper Research survey has revealed that nearly two-thirds of businesses with over 10,000 employees are considering or actively engaged with blockchain technology. Nearly a quarter of all companies considering deploying blockchain have moved beyond a proof-of-concept phase, according to the survey. In a similar research conducted last year, Juniper discovered that 34 percent of these blockchain projects were related to payments. However, this year's edition suggests that figure has dropped to 15 percent. Logistics and authentication are two such areas that are partly responsible for...
What Is a Full Stack Developer? To answer this question, there are so many different languages and frameworks for a full stack web developer to learn and help you plan, execute...
There are several plans offered for various organizations, depending on their size and the kind of work they do. For most of the small companies, it is suggested to look for...
Cloudflare has extended its fast and private 1.1.1.1 DNS to mobile devices in a simple-to-use app. The 1.1.1.1 DNS is based on Cloudflare's global network, which the company...
You know, Bethesda, when you mentioned there would be issues with Fallout 76, I thought it would be one of your fun ones - you know, where locations have items floating in the...
There's nothing like Tetris. Invented 33 years ago, Tetris barely needed evolve thanks to its simple ingenuity. It's meditative and infuriating at the same time. It induces...
Amazon's transition into an infrastructure giant has gone from strength to strength in recent years, as the company Amazon Web Services arm becomes one of the most important...
The Amazon Echo is not a smart home product that is reliant on a mobile device to operate. Once set up, the Echo is entirely voice activated and it's very good at it. And...
For the first time since the end of 2016, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey shed some light on the company's thoughts about building an edit button for tweets. Speaking at an event in...
If you're concerned about your government snooping on your browsing history, or simply want an easy way to access sites blocked in your part of the world, Cloudflare's got you...
SEO For Local Business - How to Dominate Local SEO Marketing Buy my book today! Contact me Connect with me on LinkedIn Based on research, there are some local SEO keywords you...
Cable companies charge so much for internet service, it's borderline obscene. And of course the biggest problem is the fact that these companies have given politicians so much...
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
PLEASE NOTE: This is an aftermarket custom item, not an OEM part. It will fit the models listed above but modification may or may not be required. This item is intended for professional installation, the instruction manual is not included.
If your website is unable to target your potential visitors then the best way to grow your business is search engine optimization.Today, Search Engine Optimization (“SEO”) is the most important tool for your website to get rank over different search engines. Search engines are the path by which your target customers find your offerings. Hence, SEO is most important tool in your business marketing plan. If you outsource your task to our offshore SEO India Company then you get a team of experts and our experts know every tit-a-bit about the whole SEO process.
Search engine optimization helps you to market your business online and grab huge amount of web traffic on your website. To grow your business connects with Himalayan IT Solutions. We take your website at SERPs by marketing your site into major search engines such as Google, AOL, MSN, Yahoo, Bing and many more. We promise you that your website will drive huge amount of web traffic.
Himalayan IT Solutions is a leading provider of SEO service. We have a great team for dedicated SEO experts. Our dedicated team analyses the task and with proper coordination, support we complete the task on given deadline. Our hardworking team work round a clock to meet the deadline if required.
We always believe that quality is the most important factor in business and we provide the best quality to our clients in terms of Search Engine Optimization. Our SEO service includes:
We understand that for a successful SEO there must be two way benefits. To ensure that you receive your money’s worth; we execute SEO campaign effectively and most importantly on time. We understand that you are the only one who knows best what your business is all about but our SEO team of experts is able to make a big difference to target your potential customers through clear and specific details about your project requirements.
Offshore SEO India Companyemphasizes the importance of long term goals, and focuses on ethical methods only.
The outsourcing process to our offshore SEO India Company can be easily conducted over the Internet.
This is a placeholder page for Pat Thomas, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Pat Thomas.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Pat Thomas. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Pat Thomas. We created this page automatically in hopes Pat Thomas would find it. If you are not Pat Thomas, but are an alumni of Hinckley Big Rock High School, register on this site for free now.
This is a placeholder page for Aaron Mckinzie, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Aaron Mckinzie.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Aaron Mckinzie. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Aaron Mckinzie. We created this page automatically in hopes Aaron Mckinzie would find it. If you are not Aaron Mckinzie, but are an alumni of Hinckley Big Rock High School, register on this site for free now.
Archives: Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012
Subscribe 17 Unsubscribe My wife's friend amazing Jenni Lee 11 Views 1 year ago. Jenni Lee fucking hard K views. Remember me on this computer not recommended on public or shared computers. Amazing pornstar Jenny Lee in hottest cumshots, facial adult scene Views 4 months ago. About Comments 0 Share. We have a huge free DVD selection that you can download or stream.
Gloria. Age: 24. i am an travel independent female companion based in prague. I am very open-minded and provide full service including a true girl-friend experience. You will find me to be straightforward, honest, truthful and very easy-going.
Sign up Create your Porndig account. Home Categories Pornstars Tags: A young man discovering girls in a hentai. It contains X rated texts, photos and videos that may offend the sensibilities of some people. Olivia loves to be fucked like a bitch. Jenni Jacks is so good at handjobs.
Description: Horny tentacle mo,ster fucks a hot brunette. Brian Street Team Videos: Lily Banks has a casting to became a pornstar. Sign up Sign up. Mom gets tech help and assfuck from step-son.
you are dumb. you fuck without a condom, and in the ass too. this is extreme risky to get diseases. gl
The start will be given flying behind the game-controlled pace car. Cars may pass from the moment the green flag is given.
During the race, cars entering the pits must fade left briefly on the back straight to signal their intent to pit. This rule will only apply if a car or cars are running immediately behind the pitting car. Failure to follow this procedure could result in a post-race penalty.
During the race, cars exiting the pits must keep all four wheels under the white and yellow lines until they exit turn 2, then they can blend into race traffic. Failure to follow this procedure could result in a post-race penalty.
- as for all HSO races, it is required you use your real name both in-game and on the forum. Thank you.
- Chatting is STRICTLY FORBIDDEN in race session. It is allowed in qualifying sessions for technical issues only.
- Drive Through : If a driver has to do a drive through, even if there is no pit lane speed limit, he has to drive through the pitlane at 100km/h max (60mph). If he doesn't respect this, he will get a 30s penalty at the end of the race.
- If you have a spin on the course, it is YOUR responsibility to make sure the track is sufficiently clear before you rejoin the race.
The admins alone are qualified to solve any problems raised by the application and the interpretation of the present regulations.
"There are two kind of oval racers, those who have hit the wall and those who will hit it" - Mario Andretti
"You need to grab a hold of that line between Speed and Chaos and you need to wrestle it to the ground like a Demon Cobra!"
By the way, Madisonians, was TomKen's open back in 1960? Or do we just look for the Pabst truck in the infield?
Free with this gorgeous Pedigree Doll NEW P&B Knitting Book. Enabling you to provide a beautifully dressed doll as a delightful Xmas gift for a remarkable low outlay... Tri-ang Dolls Prams...
An exclusive model by Creamers of Bold St. Liverpool. Fine quality Ocelot made by our Furriers at 595 Gns. We invite you to inspect our model collection in Mink, Ermine, Persian Lamb and Ocelot...
National Rail (NR) in the United Kingdom is the trading name licensed for use by the Rail Delivery Group, an unincorporated association whose membership consists of the passenger train operating companies (TOCs) of England, Scotland, and Wales. The TOCs run the passenger services previously provided by the British Railways Board, from 1965 using the brand name British Rail. Northern Ireland, which is bordered by the Republic of Ireland, has a different system. National Rail services share a ticketing structure and inter-availability that generally do not extend to services which were not part of British Rail. The name and the accompanying double arrow symbol are trademarks of the Secretary of State for Transport.[1]
National Rail should not be confused with Network Rail. National Rail is a brand used to promote passenger railway services, and providing some harmonisation for passengers in ticketing, while Network Rail is the organisation which owns and manages most of the fixed assets of the railway network, including tracks, stations and signals.
The two generally coincide where passenger services are run. Most major Network Rail lines also carry freight traffic and some lines are freight only. There are some scheduled passenger services on privately managed, non-Network Rail lines, for example Heathrow Express, which partly runs on Network Rail track. The London Underground also overlaps with Network Rail in places.
Twenty eight privately owned train operating companies, each franchised for a defined term by government, operate passenger trains on the main rail network in Great Britain. The Rail Delivery Group is the trade association representing the TOCs and provides core services, including the provision of the National Rail Enquiries service. It also runs Rail Settlement Plan, which allocates ticket revenue to the various TOCs, and Rail Staff Travel, which manages travel facilities for railway staff. It does not compile the national timetable, which is the joint responsibility of the Office of Rail Regulation (allocation of paths) and Network Rail (timetable production and publication).
Since the privatisation of British Rail there is no longer a single approach to design on railways in Great Britain. The look and feel of signage, liveries and marketing material is largely the preserve of the individual TOCs.
However, National Rail continues to use BR's famous double-arrow symbol, designed by Gerald Burney of the Design Research Unit. It has been incorporated in the National Rail logotype and is displayed on tickets, the National Rail website and other publicity. The trademark rights to the double arrow symbol remain state-owned, being vested in the Secretary of State for Transport.
The National Rail (NR) logo was introduced by ATOC in 1999, and was used on the Great Britain public timetable for the first time in the edition valid from 26 September in that year. Rules for its use are set out in the Corporate Identity Style Guidelines published by the Rail Delivery Group, available on its website.[3] "In 1964 the Design Research Unit—Britain’s first multi-disciplinary design agency founded in 1943 by Misha Black, Milner Gray and Herbert Read—was commissioned to breathe new life into the nation’s neglected railway industry".[4] The NR title is sometimes described as a "brand".[5] As it was used by British Rail, the single operator before franchising, its use also maintains continuity and public familiarity; and it avoids the need to replace signage.
The lettering used in the National Rail logotype is a modified form of the typeface Sassoon Bold. Some train operating companies continue to use the former British Rail Rail Alphabet lettering to varying degrees in station signage, although its use is no longer universal; however it remains compulsory (under Railway Group Standards) for safety signage in trackside areas and is still common (although not universal) on rolling stock.
The British Rail typefaces of choice from 1965 were Helvetica and Univers, with others (particularly Frutiger) coming into use during the sectorisation period after 1983. TOCs may use what they like: examples include Futura (Stagecoach Group), Helvetica (FirstGroup and National Express), Frutiger (Arriva Trains Wales), Bliss (CrossCountry), and a modified version of Precious by London Midland.
Although TOCs compete against each other for franchises, and for passengers on routes where more than one TOC operates, the strapline used with the National Rail logo is 'Britain's train companies working together'.
Several conurbations have their own metro or tram systems, most of which are not part of National Rail. These include the London Underground, Docklands Light Railway, London Tramlink, Blackpool Tramway, Glasgow Subway, Tyne & Wear Metro, Manchester Metrolink, Sheffield Supertram, Midland Metro and Nottingham Express Transit. On the other hand, the largely self-contained Merseyrail system is part of the National Rail network, and urban rail networks around Birmingham, Cardiff, Glasgow and West Yorkshire consist entirely of National Rail services.
London Overground (LO) is a hybrid: its services are operated via a concession awarded by Transport for London, and are branded accordingly, but until 2010 all its routes used infrastructure owned by Network Rail. LO now also possesses some infrastructure in its own right, following the reopening of the former London Underground East London line as the East London Railway. Since all the previous LO routes were operated by National Rail franchise Silverlink until November 2007, they have continued to be shown in the National Rail timetable and are still considered to be a part of National Rail.
Heathrow Express and Eurostar are also not part of the National Rail network despite sharing of stations (Heathrow Express also share its route with GWR and TfL Rail). Northern Ireland Railways were never part of British Rail, which was limited to England, Scotland and Wales, and therefore are not part of the National Rail network.
There are many privately owned or heritage railways in Great Britain which are not part of the National Rail network and mostly operate for heritage or pleasure purposes rather than as public transport.
This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
National Rail services have a common ticketing structure inherited from British Rail. Through tickets are available between any pair of stations on the network, and can be bought from any station ticket office. Most tickets are inter-available between the services of all operators on routes appropriate to the journey being made. Operators on some routes offer operator-specific tickets that are cheaper than the inter-available ones.
Through tickets involving Heathrow Express and London Underground are also available. Oyster pay-as-you-go can be used on National Rail in Greater London from 2 January 2010.
Passengers without a valid ticket boarding a train at a station where ticket-buying facilities are available are required to pay the full Open Single or Return fare. On some services penalty fares apply - a ticketless passenger may be charged the greater of £20 or twice the full single fare to the next stop. Penalty Fares can be collected only by authorised Revenue Protection Inspectors, not by ordinary Guards.
National Rail distributes a number of technical manuals on which travel on the railways in Great Britain is based, such as the National Rail Conditions of Travel,[6] via their website.
Pocket timetables for individual operators or routes are available free at staffed stations. The last official printed timetable with up to 3000 pages was published in 2007. Now the only complete print edition is published by Middleton Press (as of October 2016). A digital version of the full timetable is available as a pdf file without charge on the Network Rail website,[7] however passengers are recommended to obtain their timetables from the individual train companies.
The National Rail Enquiries website includes a journey planner, fare and live departure information. The site is designed to complement the myriad different websites of Britain's privatised rail companies, so when users have selected which tickets they wish to buy, they are redirected to the most relevant train company website, where they can buy their tickets without booking fees.
In 2012 the website was joined by a mobile app mirroring its functionality. The app is available for iPhone, Android and Windows Phone.[8][9] However Trainline remains the most downloaded rail app in the UK with 9.4 million users.[10]
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 1 October 2016. Retrieved 1 October 2016. CS1 maint: Archived copy as title (link) : "British Rail’s double-arrow"
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 23 May 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2013. CS1 maint: Archived copy as title (link) : "National Rail is the collective brand for Britain's train companies working together"
^ "National Rail Conditions of Travel". National Rail. Rail Delivery Group. Archived from the original on 21 October 2017. Retrieved 24 October 2017.
^ "Electronic National Rail Timetable". Network Rail. Network Rail. Archived from the original on 30 December 2016. Retrieved 24 October 2017.
^ "National Rail Enquiries announces a new app for iPhone & Android". National Rail blog. National Rail Enquiries. 1 May 2012. Archived from the original on 8 October 2016. Retrieved 1 October 2016.
^ "Download our FREE app and become more mobile and get FREE alerts". National Rail Enquiries. National Rail. Archived from the original on 30 September 2016. Retrieved 1 October 2016.
^ "Mobile App - Trainline". Trainline. Archived from the original on 30 September 2016. Retrieved 1 October 2016.
Ready to drive this 2018 Chevrolet Malibu? Let us know below when you are coming in, and we'll get it ready for you.
The Council has decided to implement the following house rule officially starting from the next bridge year (2018-2019):
4. Smoking is not allowed at the venue, but allowed at the roof and participants should take care of the ash.
8. Photocopying service and the telephone are allowed to use with the support of the tournament operator.
Advance directives are documents which appoint someone to handle financial or medical affairs in the event you become disabled, incompetent or otherwise unable to handle your own affairs. Many guardianship would not have been necessary if advance directives had been in place. A Power of Attorney is a document in which one person (the principal) appoints another person (the agent) to handle his or her financial affairs and affairs relating to property. A Health Care Proxy (in New York) is a document in which a principal appoints an agent to make health care decisions if the principal is unable to do so. A Health Care Proxy or similar document would have prevented much of the litigation in the Terri Schiavo case in Florida.
My inner world is like a bird which is free and sings all the time: It has an atmosphere like no other site out there.
Discover our personalised selection of detailed dating profiles. The concept of contracting for a picture bride sight unseen originated over years ago, from Japan to Hawaii, China to California and Europe to the Midwest.
Actually, I like various men, I do not have an ideal in my head. I like riding horses. Women and gay men have always shared a special bond.
Nick Nick 26 years old Identify our most genuine members instantly: Bad things i always leave in the past, so you would never have conflicts with me. Also I am waiting for my dream man: If I didn't see her profile though within a few weeks she was heading to England to live!
Yes, Flash was the catalyst for some of the most cutting-edge animations over the course of the computer age. Taking risk is a fantastic feeling! I will be glad to take a chance that life gives, I will meet with a man with an open-minded character, with brave heart and clear mind.
Bye bye routine, hello surprise. For Miranda, sex is more than just sex—it implies some kind of commitment, and requires some kind of emotional connection. They were written extremely well and they were understandable.
I think that the better way to know somebody is to meet in person. Want to be more in control? I love both indoor and outdoor activities.
Pink Sofa was designed for women into women. Date Single Ukrainian Ladies Ukrainian women, meanwhile, are perceived as beautiful and tender, and as devoted wives and wise mothers. Burk We no longer feel the social pressure to confine sex to committed relationships.
I give dolphin performances with my team and I consider this to be my hobby Today, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. What are you waiting for?! Studies have shown that singles with a photo on their dating profile get at least 10 times more profile views.
Since then I've been working to build a place for lesbians to meet, talk, learn about each other, and with any luck! The Wealthy Barber was published in Arrange dates in the capital at our singles events. Let our virtual online dating coach Lara be your guide to finding your ideal partner. What is Pink Sofa?
I am, social, romantic, passionate, smart, intelligent, cool headed,adaptive,have a big heart. David has attained a degree in Economics from Wilfred Laurier University.
The geolocation feature makes finding a hot bro near you a simple matter of logging in and setting your location. I got brave enough to ring and we met up and hit it off straight away.
My intimate photos on the site vebk. She enjoys sex for the sake of sex. The bar scene was a bit too predatory. I love to have fun but could be serious when the need arises.
When the book was released, it sold over 2 million copies and this made it one of the bestsellers in Canada. Safety is essential in the early stages of a relationship—even the smallest safety violation can mark the end of a budding romance.
The main characters have become so much a part of popular culture that many women use them as reference points to describe their own patterns and feelings about sex.If you’re a gay man in the market for a hookup, date, or a relationship, the fastest way to find what you’re looking for is by going to a website custom-made just for you.
Single gay men can find easy access to hot men who share their interests on a free gay dating website. We’ve selected [ ].
Hi there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site! I’m Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, and I’ve got resources here for greater happiness and love in your life — articles, books, audiobooks, courses, videos and more. Mindfulness, the [ ]. It is and Flash is officially dead.
There was once a time where you had to opt in to use Adobe Flash to experience almost any website in its full glory, however that earlier, simpler time has now past and this script is virtually obsolete.
It is however very impressive how Flash went from one of the most used plugins on the internet to basically an extinct species. Geni users are very active in discussions, where topics range from collaboration to help for beginners.
A wealth of genealogy knowledge is shared in the discussions, and this is a great place for new users to get a feel for what Geni can offer.
BeHappy2Day is an international dating website with hundreds of online dating profiles of single women, ladies, and mail order brides from Russia, Ukraine, Asia, and Latin America.
Browse our international dating site to meet international singles and find your future bride. Pink Sofa is different from your run of the mill, meat market, soulless dating site that tries to get you to sign up whatever you do.
Search by Ethnicity, Age, Location, and Seeking. What is a sugar baby? Sugardaters respect each other's private space and allow the other to have their own life, but at the same time they know that they can always count on their partner when needed. If not, you will be pleasantly surprised by what you will find here.
Instead, get read to roll up your sleeves and put in some serious work. There are more thanactive members in Australia. We have had tremendous success in helping Real Sugar Daddies and young beautiful Sugar Babies to find a mutually beneficial relationship.
Successful men who know what they want. A Sugar Baby is an adult over 18 years man or woman who is attractive, ambitious, intelligent and seeking a lifestyle that matches their dreams and goals in life.
Keep searching, contacting and dating! Find your Dream partner that has it all! Where does she find her Daddy? Having trouble finding a job? Want good living along with the finer things in life? Become part now and register for free! However, the most important component of any successful relationship is mutual benefit.
You can cancel at any time and request a full or partial refund. Is there anything more fun for a rich daddy than dressing his sexy model girlfriend in new, gorgeous clothes and see her happy? Finding a super attractive woman who loves to win over her sugar daddy is easier than ever before thanks to sugar dating services like MySugardaddy.
If so, then Sugar Babies is where you want to be! Winks are the perfect ice breakers to connect with someone who has caught your attention.Leidra Lawson, the controversial author of Sugar Daddy What You Need to Know if You Want to be a Sugar Baby, is a professional model, businesswoman and of course a sugar baby diva.
For sugar babies, the provider to their daily life is the wealthy and successful sugar daddy. A Sugar Daddy is the usual description for a man who has become financially successful, but has done so at the sacrifice of his personal life.
cytopix.com is the largest sugar models and elite sugar daddies dating site, and sugar models's app in the most easy-to-use sugar models app.
cytopix.com is the best and simplest sugar daddy & sugar baby dating site. Join now to meet sugar daddies or sugar babies! My Sugar Daddy is here. Become part now and register for free! Your My Sugar Daddy Team Sugar Daddy meets Sugar Baby Sexy Baby seeking for an arrangement with a successful Sugar Daddy Young, sexy sugar baby`s are on the lookout for a wealthy daddy who can treat them like a princess: Are Sugardaters the future of dating for smart, beautiful urban women?
Seeking Arrangement is the leading sugar daddy dating site, where more than 5 million members feed mutually beneficial relationships with their terms.
MONTEZUMA, Iowa – Researchers, who have no new details in their search for a University of Iowa student who vanished more than two weeks ago.
Kevin Winker, research operations director for the Iowa Department of Public Safety, said Friday he knows the tight-lipped approach is frustrating for people who want to know what happened to the 20-year-old Mollie Tibbetts.
But he says that researchers continue to refuse to provide information about the case because they believe it gives them the best chance to solve the problem.
During a press conference, Winker said the researchers are confident in their timeline of the night Tibbetts missing from her small hometown of Brooklyn, Iowa, on July 18.
But he also refused to say whether Tibbetts is believed to have returned home safely from a jog that evening.
MACON, Ga. – A gun raffle for a Georgia high school soccer team has the criticism of former students. Some former students of the Dodge County High School suffer after learning via Facebook that 30 guns were raffled off in September to benefit from...
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. – A federal jury in a lawsuit alleging that Harvard University’s admissions practices unfairly discriminate against Asian Americans. The judge overseeing the case rejected motions from both sides on Friday asked to make a...
LAFAYETTE, La. – Interest in a Louisiana library planned to “Drag Queen Story Time” is so high, that the event has been moved to a community college auditorium. A message on the Lafayette Public Library’s web page states that the...
BELLEFONTE, Pa. – A former Penn State fraternity member will serve a year of probation for hazing and furnishing alcohol to minors for the events surrounding the death of a building almost two years ago. The Centre Daily Times said the 22-year-old...
MOBILE, Ala. – A university official says a student suspended for the binding of two loops on an Alabama campus and let them hang in a tree did so because it is almost Halloween. A vice-president for the University of South Alabama in Mobile...
Columbia University has a new pilot program to help professors pronounce student names correctly. (Reuters) In an attempt to microaggressions in the classroom, students at the University of Columbia can now upload a recording of their name, that...
close Video Student sues school over Pledge of Allegiance Houston student was sent to sit during the pledge. A Texas school district being sued by a black student who was kicked out for refusing to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance was given to the...
SPRINGFIELD, Mo. – A Missouri school district is housed in a lawsuit filed by a 2011 graduate who was seriously injured when she stomped in a muddy pit at a school event. The Springfield school district agreed to pay $423,106 Megan Taylor, who was...
MOBILE, Ala. – The University of South Alabama-president says a student has been suspended for the hanging of the two loops on the campus and a cafeteria employee is fired for an insensitive tweet, which said that it is a sign of their...
Trump’s tax returns are the target of the Democrats’ probe, if you win the house in midterm elections
Copyright(c) Organization for Small & Medium Enterprises and Regional Innovation, Japan All rights reserved.
"*Please note that charges may apply to some services in the state of Washington. For an explanation of billable services, Please contact your sales executive or your nearest Fidelity branch.
*Not all items are available in all counties. Some restrictions may apply. Please contact your Fidelity sales executive for details
*This site is not designed for the transmission of highly confidential customer, non-public personal information, and should therefore not be used to enter or transmit data such as customer Social Security Numbers or Driver's License Numbers”
large glass kitchen canisters full size of bamboo clip canisters contemporary kitchen canisters and jars by photo large bathroom light fixtures ceiling.
CHICAGO – In the America of truth, justice and comic book movies, the DC brand – featuring hero icons Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman – has lagged behind their rivals at Marvel Studios. “Justice League” fills that gap admirably, after the slam-bam summer of Wonder Woman.
CHICAGO – Dystopia has been dissed out. Mining the negative vibe future world can’t seem to touch the rich creative vein any more and the reserves seem dry. Writer/director Ana Lily Amirpour may have an element within her interpretation that is hard core, but it’s not enough to understand the overall vision of her tomorrow world, except that we’re all part of “The Bad Batch.”
CHICAGO – For the pack of horror fans who mourn the “PG-13” toothlessness of the teen wolf, the limited-release film “Wolves” tries to reclaim the character with slow-mo, WWE-with-claws fight scenes and some sprinkles of brief softcore wolf porn. If that’s all one could ask for from a werewolf movie, you probably can’t be blocked from giving this one a curious look; however if you’re trepidatious of a plainly junky, R-rated reaction to “The Twilight Saga,” perhaps you can be stopped.
CHICAGO – Sword and sandal epics are almost expected to have wooden acting and absurd dialogue. The new film “Conan the Barbarian” meets those expectations, and doesn’t offer any action or originality to counteract the anticipated flaws.
CHICAGO – He was America’s sidekick in TV’s golden decades of the 1960s and ‘70s, and was a proud Chicago-born-and-bred performer. Bill Daily, better known as Major Roger Healey (“I Dream of Jeannie”) and the wacky neighbor Howard Borden (“The Bob Newhart Show”) died at his New Mexico home at the age of 91 on September 4th, 2018.
CHICAGO – Orange Day is Friday (July 27, 2018)… as in “Orange is the New Black.” That’s when Season Six will be available for download from Netflix, as the online series continues to showcase the women inmates at Litchfield Penitentiary, three of whom are played by Taylor Schilling (Piper), Kate Mulgrew (Red) and Dascha Polanco (Daya).
home | about us | privacy policy | send email | site map | view cartCopyright 2017 Hollywood Galleries. All rights reserved.
This unique framing style permanently seals your print onto a 3/8" thick hardwood display board that is custom cut to the posters size. The edges are then bevelled and painted midnight black. The end result is a non-glare matte finish, that is cleanable, durable, and very stylish, at a fraction of the cost of custom framing. The Plak Mount price includes the poster price, Plak Mounting service, and hanging kit. For more information check out our Plak Mounting page.
Just like the Plak Mount style above except a 3/4" box frame is attached to the back to create a 3 dimensional look. The edges are bevelled and painted midnight black. The flush mount price includes the poster price, flush mounting service, and hanging kit. For more information check out our Plak Mounting page.
This 9KW steam generator with the Model of ST-135M Multi-functional digital controller is most suitable for home SPA. The high quality of this series has been proved by many customers from more than 21 countries. And they use it smoothly for many years till now. It is very popular in the steam generator industry and can satisfy most customers requirements.
ST-60 steam generator, which has the reasonable design, stable function, and the international advanced technology. It equips with special room body to form the complete set of sauna, which can relax people's muscle, eliminate fatigue, and excrete the toxin in the body.
When you enjoy the comfortable home SPA with this system, it not only brings you more relax and healthy both in physical and mental, but also makes you feel more pleasure from the super function. Now you will know what's the functions for the system. Our company is an emerging professional Cross-Border Electronic company.
So far we have finished the assets re-organization and obtained wholesale financing. We guarantee every product is of high quality and durable utility compared to other factories becayse we choose the best-buys goods. We are really appreciated if you would like to give us your valuable positive comment(s) after you receive our products, which is a huge encouragement for us to make our products and service better and better. Hope you will love our items. Any questions will be answered promptly, so please feel free to let me know your concern. At present, our company has warehouses in. NO tariffs within EU countries. According to the different location, transport time will range from 2 to 7 workdays. Please do check everything carefully when receiving the package. Failure to do so might result in damage to your own rights and interests. The item "Automatic 9KW Steam Generator/Sauna/Bath/Home SPA/Shower ST-135M Controller" is in sale since Friday, July 28, 2017. This item is in the category "Home, Furniture & DIY\Bath\Whirlpool/Spa Baths". The seller is "loveshoppingjxts" and is located in Frankfurt. This item can be shipped worldwide.
I have this horrible sickness that "everybody has had". It is funny you don't hear about everybody having these things until you get it. It was only bad enough to miss two days of work, although I act like I am dying every minute of the work day. And, I sound like it when I cough, so people believe me, and tell me to go home. I just say, "No, I'm fine, You need me here".
Since my life consists of earning badges playing mindless games on POGO recently, I thought I would entertain my two readers this week with photos of me in various parties and shit around the holidays.
A big shout out to my reader in New Delhi, India who arrived here by Goggling "Negro Fucking". Welcome, and Jesus loves you.
If you’re wanting to check out our church we’d really love you to visit us on Saturday at 5pm for a contemporary service with kids’ program and dinner afterwards, or come along on Sunday at 8am for a prayerbook service.
If you can’t make it in person, you’re welcome to jump online to watch the service (with the same sermon and many other items) at www.oakflats.tv.
KBECET (Kiama Board for Employing Christian Education Teachers) is our mission of the month. Throughout this month you can support this ministry by purchasing gifts from the ‘Mission Table’ in the Hall.
You’re invited to join the ladies of Oak Flats and beyond this Tuesday 19th April to hear Lesley Errington, on the topic of “Judging others – the danger of playing God”. Dinner is $7 payable at the door, and there is no need to RSVP.
During school holidays our normal midweek children’s and youth programs take a break until 26th April. However we plan to continue a mini-program during the 5pm Saturday service as required.
It’s only four weeks until we welcome a team of twenty theological students from Moore College to join with us for a week of mission to the communities of Oak Flats and Jamberoo from the 14th to the 22nd May. Please be praying! If you are able to help by hosting one or more students to live in your home with you for that week, please indicate on a comment card or email office@jamberooanglican.com.
We’re going to get the whole church and hall setup in time for the Moore Mission. So, join us at 8am on Saturday 30th April at the church to help us make the place look great.
Join us on Saturday 18th June, 8.30am to 2pm, or 5pm to 9.30pm at Dapto Anglican for a great day of teaching and encouragement for the men of our region.
Each week we need to receive $1200.00 in order to meet our commitments. In the last calendar month, our average weekly giving was $1649.00, leaving a gap of $-449.00.
Up to the end of the last calendar month we needed to have received $52,200. Compared to that total we received $54,259, leaving a gap of $-2,059.
Electronic giving is a great way to give! It helps us prayerfully plan our giving, and then the bank will help us keep that commitment, even when we may be unable to attend. To give by direct transfer then these are the details. Account name: Church of England Jamberoo. Account number: 10081274. BSB: 062562 .
This weekend we welcome Nigel Dixon who is speaking on the topic “The Heavens declare’ from Psalm 19. Nigel teaches Scripture at Kiama High School, and he’ll be sharing with us about the impact his ministry has on the many students.
This online museum is an initiative of the Flemish Art Collection and is part of the Flemish Art Collection Website.
We live in the world where everybody could be easily detected and tracked. Have you watched in the movies unusual devices and various gadgets for secret agents? Probably, you think that that these devices are the imagination of screenwriters. But it is not true. Tiny bug cameras, video and audio recorders, trackers exist and are used not only by military, but civilians as well. For instance, your business rival can install a small camera in your office room and hear all the conversations. This private data can be used against you as a blackmail material. What can you do to prevent such situation? You are to buy RF signal detector detention equipment.
The main goal of such a radio frequency finder is to detect hidden cameras and recorders which are installed without your personal permission. If you suspect that someone is watching you, do not waste time and try our RF detector detention equipment right now. There is no need to be in constant stress before holding a business meeting. With portable radio frequency finder, you may take advantage of it almost everywhere. Put it in your pocket, switch on and be convinced that nobody gains your personal information.
Cameras can be hidden in the most unpredictable places such as pens, plants, toys, pins, etc. For this reason, it is too difficult for an average person to find hidden devices without additional help. We offer you to make use of a radio frequency finder and know for sure whether someone possesses your data or no.
In our catalogue you may find desktop or portable detectors with different working radiuses. Learn the technical characteristics of every item before purchase. Jammerphone.com provides our clients only with high quality goods at wise prices. Contact us and get detailed information about our products. Now nobody can listen to your conversations and monitor your activities.
Note: Mobile signal jammers may not be permissible to import into certain countries due to licensing of broadcast signals or other restrictions. Please check your country's telecommunications regulations before placing your order. We will adjust the CDMA / GSM / DCS / PCS for you base on your country signal frequency.
Jamming range depends on the signal strength from various sources, as well as local environment conditions.
Important Notes for Jamming Distance: The jamming distances we mentioned on website are for customer's reference only. The actual jamming distance will be varied depending on the signal strength and the use location and if full charges, etc.
Important Notes for Portable Jammers with No Cooling Fan: Do not use the jammer when it is charging, or it will burn the jammer as it has no built-in fan. If because of this factor due to the broken of the jammer, the customer will lose the authority of free repairation.
Those joggers are exactly what I wear on my flights. — Especially long overseas flights. 🙂 He really looks great. Those fans from Niigata and here in these pictures at Incheon are absolutely adorable. ^^ Love them!
Archives Select Month November 2018 (21) October 2018 (4) September 2018 (65) August 2018 (89) July 2018 (41) June 2018 (60) May 2018 (128) April 2018 (203) March 2018 (169) February 2018 (83) January 2018 (99) December 2017 (89) November 2017 (66) October 2017 (57) September 2017 (58) August 2017 (105) July 2017 (82) June 2017 (54) May 2017 (63) April 2017 (121) March 2017 (83) February 2017 (36) January 2017 (97) December 2016 (125) November 2016 (58) October 2016 (85) September 2016 (48) August 2016 (148) July 2016 (119) June 2016 (117) May 2016 (130) April 2016 (106) March 2016 (148) February 2016 (78) January 2016 (148) December 2015 (73) November 2015 (88) October 2015 (88) September 2015 (72) August 2015 (81) July 2015 (26) June 2015 (35) May 2015 (61) April 2015 (93) March 2015 (105) February 2015 (55) January 2015 (85) December 2014 (77) November 2014 (82) October 2014 (150) September 2014 (152) August 2014 (215) July 2014 (128) June 2014 (158) May 2014 (80) April 2014 (65) March 2014 (84) February 2014 (95) January 2014 (153) December 2013 (187) November 2013 (213) October 2013 (163) September 2013 (120) August 2013 (161) July 2013 (41) June 2013 (73) May 2013 (160) April 2013 (112) March 2013 (179) February 2013 (105) January 2013 (114) December 2012 (91) November 2012 (84) October 2012 (124) September 2012 (132) August 2012 (169) July 2012 (134) June 2012 (152) May 2012 (166) April 2012 (176) March 2012 (168) February 2012 (86) January 2012 (80) December 2011 (83) November 2011 (96) October 2011 (104) September 2011 (87) August 2011 (73) July 2011 (74) June 2011 (111) May 2011 (148) April 2011 (181) March 2011 (122) February 2011 (87) January 2011 (62)
Published June 27, 2013 at 400 × 267 in Outdoor Decor	Post a comment or leave a trackback: Trackback URL.
Responding to a report published today by the Joint Committee on Human Rights on freedom of speech in universities (HC 589 / HL Paper 111), the Charity Commission has said: We welcome the recognition the report gives to the Commission’s… Read more ›
CEO fraud involves the impersonation of a senior figure (usually the Chief Executive Officer) with subsequent requests for transfers of funds. Action Fraud, the UK’s national fraud reporting centre, have reported an increase in this type of fraud. The most… Read more ›
All trustees and managers should have the knowledge and skills to recognise the signs of fraud and then shape an effective and proportionate response. Tackling charity fraud: prevention is better than cure report summarises the main lessons and messages from… Read more ›
Updated: Charity Commission response and Parliamentary briefing added to the page. The Joint Committee on Human Rights launched their inquiry into freedom of speech in universities in November 2017. The Commission gave oral evidence and submitted two separate pieces of… Read more ›
As part of its commitment to transparency, the Charity Commission publishes all expenditure over £25,000. The majority of the commission’s expenditure, about 68%, is on staff costs (salaries and wages, National Insurance, pension contributions and so on). The remaining expenditure… Read more ›
Transparency data: Accounts monitoring: concerns highlighted by auditors in their audit reports 2017
The Commission reports on its accounts monitoring reviews to: make charities more transparent and accountable help trustees understand the risks charities face improve reporting standards
The Charity Commission, the independent regulator of charities in England and Wales, has opened a statutory inquiry into the Kenya Community Support Network (1104003). The investigation was opened on 22 January 2018. The charity’s objects include relieving poverty, sickness and… Read more ›
The Charity Commission, the independent regulator of charities in England and Wales, has opened a new statutory inquiry into The Great Generation (1120349). The inquiry was opened on 3 January 2018. The charity operates in Brazil, India, Jordan, Sri Lanka… Read more ›
UK charities have today committed to strengthening their leadership, culture and capacity around safeguarding. The pledge was made at a summit in London this morning (Tuesday), hosted by the Charity Commission and the Office for Civil Society at the Department… Read more ›
At the Cenotaph and across the country, charities were heavily involved in paying tribute to the fallen
Other international development charities and programmes will continue the educational charity's work
The Court of Appeal upheld an earlier ruling that the charity must adhere to the Retail Prices Index
Notes (this edition)?: The following information was taken from the original web listing of this artwork. Often written by non-experts, there may be inaccuracies:
Artist Bio: Ohara Koson (小原 古邨?, Kanazawa 1877 ? Tokyo 1945) was a Japanese painter and printmaker of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, part of the shin-hanga ("new prints") movement.
He was born Ohara Matao; it is thought that he started training in painting and design at the Ishikawa Prefecture Technical School in 1889-1893. He also studied painting with Suzuki Kason (1860 ? 1919), although accounts differ on whether this happened during his school years or after he moved to Tokyo in the middle to late 1890s.
In Tokyo, he produced some woodblock triptychs illustrating episodes of the Russo-Japanese War, but most of his production was prints of animals (kacho-ga). He worked at first with publishers Akiyama Buemon (Kokkeido?) and Matsuki Heikichi (Daikokuya), signing his work Koson. Starting around 1926, he became associated with the publisher Watanabe Shozaburo, and signed his work Shoson. He also worked with the publisher Kawaguchi, signing his works Hoson.
Through his association with Watanabe, Ohara's work was exhibited abroad, and his prints sold well, particularly in the United States. He was active designing prints until at least 1935, and died at his home in Tokyo in 1945. (from Wikipedia)
Site copyright: Dr Ross F. Walker. Copyright of the displayed artwork: the original owner. The information contained on this website is provided as an educational resource to scholars and collectors of Japanese art. JAODB would like to thank the caretakers of these art items for their contribution to this database. The items displayed here are not being offered for sale. Unless otherwise indicated the displayed item is not in the ownership of JAODB or Ross Walker.
We will send an email to as soon as the product 1/144 HG XXXG-01SR2 Gundam Sandrock Custom is available.
Make sure your Amazon purchases benefit JGO and its programs. Enter "Japanese Gardening Organization" here: http://smile.amazon.com/about.
I wanted to extend a greeting to you as a new member of Japanese Gardening web site. I look forward to learning more about traditional Japanese Gardens by reading posts here and interacting with you when I have questions. This way, I will understand more about Japanese culture and be more knowledgeable when I visit a traditional Japanese garden in my part of the world.
While I am not at all experienced in traditional Japanese Gardens, I am an avid grower of many plant groups that are native to Japan. I love growing Ipomoea nil and Ipomoea purpurea varieties that have been developed by the Japanese since Edo Period. I began growing these awesome flowering vines around 2004. Each year I try to do something new and this year I learned a bit more about the Nagoya Tailoring technique for making a bonsai-style plant from a morning glory plant. I found it an absolutely fascinating process. Other plant groups from Japan that grow very well in my gardens include Salvia species, Chrysanthemum (Kiku), and a nice variegated leaf variety of violet.
I visited Japan in 2009 for 3 weeks on business travel. I enjoyed every minute I spent there, and I look forward to returning someday soon on my own time to explore and to learn. I was in Fukuoka for two weeks and in Fukui for one week.
I was attracted to the Japanese Gardening web site initially because I was Google-searching the web for information on how to tie knots to make trellises with bamboo. I watched the video a few times, however, I still need to watch it some more.
Here is a link to my photo pages of the many different Japanese ASAGAO I've grown over the years: http://www.flickr.com/photos/gerris2/sets/72157612026554230/ and I began a blog to share information on my experiences growing these plants: http://growingjapaneseasagao.blogspot.com/.
my curiousity is piqued.. please start a thread inside and explain what that one is, and any photos would be instructive as well.
I can certainly share my experiences, however I am by no means an expert. Thank you for the warm welcome!
Welcome Joseph, I went to your photo site and blog and was amazed at the number of different morning glories you have grown. I was looking for a photo of the Nagoya tailoring technique, I too have my interest piqued. I will have to google it also.
Some of the mistakes that many men make when they hire escorts in London for massage | Japanese Sex Gameshow Some of the mistakes that many men make when they hire escorts in London for massage – Japanese Sex Gameshow
This is true that escorts can offer really amazing sensual massage in London and a lot of men try this service for their massage. But if you are assuming all the men get the fantastic fun with this massage option then you are wrong about it. Actually a lot of men make so many mistakes while enjoying the sensual massage in London via escorts and I am listing 5 of those mistakes below to you
Many escorts can offer great sensual massage in London, but they are not sex workers and they don’t offer any happy ending to you. Most of the men actually know this but they ignore it while taking the services and that affect their experience as well. Expecting a sexual relation with sexy escorts after massage is a big mistake and I think guys should not make this mistake.
Indeed, escorts may offer great massage to you, but if you are assuming they all know how to give a sensual fun to you with this method, then you are wrong. They all have some kind of special qualities like other experts and if you want to have sensual massage in London with hot escorts, then guys should share their requirement in detail. It will help you have better outcome as well in easy ways.
To have sensual massage by in London by escorts, you must need to do proper preparation as well these preparations may include arrangement of a place, things that you would need for massage such as oil or towel and similar other things. If you don’t prepare those things in right ways, then there are no chances that you can have this pleasure as per your choice. So, make sure you plan things and you stay prepared for everything and if you are not sure how to do it, talk to the service provider for it and do planning accordingly.
If you will stay confused about the services that you are planning to have, then you cannot have the fun any in situation. However, many guys just stay confused about so many things while taking the escorts help to have sensual massage in London. That affect their experience or fun thing and they do not get the pleasure as well. If you don’t want to have such negative experience, then you should simply ask questions instead of staying confused and you will be able to have great outcome without any doubt.
Escorts offer all the services for money and they don’t care about your feelings unless you give money to them. So, if you will not talk to them about the money part, then
they would never be able to offer any good service to you. You should first talk to them about money and when you get them to have romantic messages in London, then you should pay the money in advance. These two simple acts will help you have more pleasure and you can have better services as well with authority.
« Why hire cheap escorts services when you need to have fun? By paying money to escorts , you can always spend good time with hot chicks »
Open Google Maps Widget settings to configure the Google Maps API key. The map can't work without it. This is a Google's rule that all sites must follow.
Clancy Jacob came by his house-building skills honestly. As a third-generation carpenter, building is what he does best. In 1988, Clancy started as a framer moving to Leduc from Langenburg, SK. He continued working through each aspect of the homebuilding process gaining knowledge through hands-on experience. Ten years later, JACOB'S join...
Gold Seal Master Builder builds new homes and communities in Carstairs, Alberta only a short 30 minute drive north of Calgary. Carstairs is quickly becoming a popular new option for young Calgarians and Airdronians looking for a quieter community to raise their families. Gold Seal has been building in Carstairs since 1989, and has a long-s...
Specialty Garage Door Experts in Edmonton AB Overhead Door Co. was established in 1961. Decades later, this family-owned and operated company continues to grow and expand – a record of success unmatched in the North American garage door industry. The majority of products sold and serviced by the Overhead Door Co. of Edmonton are engineer...
I started Unique Home Concepts Inc. in 2004 with just an idea of hiring a few contractors to build a single house, which I lived in, to a few napkin style blueprints that made their way onto a blueprint page to where we are today building 55 homes per year with more care and attention each and every year. As proud as I am about the building gr...
Founded in 1985 by Kern Kingsmith, Kingsmith homes has always found their value in the product that they deliver to their customers. In 2008 Kingsmith brought on its second owner, Craig Wiens who partnered with Kern Kingmsith and took the company over in 2014. There are many facets to owning and operating a home building company, but the found...
"A solid foundation and a stellar, principled reputation for quality, honesty, approachability, craftsmanship and intelligent design". This has been the motto of Lupi Luxury Homes since Antonio Lupi started the company in 1970. Our family reputation rests on our passion for superior customer service, open communication with our clients t...
Asset Builders Corp. was formed in 2001 and since then has established itself solidly in the new home residential market. The company has successfully operated in Central Alberta area since it's inception, building new homes to meet the demands of both first time buyers and homeowners upgrading residences. If you are looking for a new home, ...
Cameron Homes Inc. is a family-developed and managed company that has been built on a foundation of equal parts corporate and family values. Incorporated in 1998, and a subsidiary of Cameron Development Corporation, one of the city's premier developers, we have been actively building in the city since 2002. With husband and wife team Darcey Pa...
Lang Built Homes Ltd., is a Spruce Grove company that specializes in Adult Villas with an enthusiastic hands-on approach that assures our clients a personal touch. At Lang Built Homes, we believe your community and your home should be an extension of your lifestyle. Our clients have raised their families and worked hard through their car...
Since the late 70s we have built over 1300 single, family, duplex or fourplex homes in the Camrose / Wetaskiwin area. We offer our customers selection and design choices not normally associated with affordable homes in an effort to allow them to "make it their own". We ask our staff and sub-trades when confronted with a dilemma or problem t...
When you buy an Avalon home, there is a lot behind the walls. With 30 years experience building homes people love to live in, Avalon brings experience that really counts to each homeowner. Our homes are energy efficient, EnerGuide certified and built with materials to keep you and your family safe, healthy and comfortable all year long. ...
Cedar Ridge is a creative home building company, based out of Lethbridge, Alberta. We are a dedicated team of individuals, who focus on building the best homes that we possibly can. We are unique in that we don’t care about the number of homes we build, just in trying to be the best at what we do. Our focus is on building innovative, high...
Multi Family, Morrison Homes offers home buyers unparalleled quality craftsmanship and value in every one of our multi-family developments. Each of our developments offers something innovative and exciting. Whether you're looking for accessibility to the vibrant city life or the serene natural world, stunning finishings or unbelievable valu...
We believe in treating people the way we would want to be treated, which is why taking care of our customers’ is our key focus at Carefree. We employ interior designers, journeyman carpenters, and master electricians to assist with any stage of your Kitchen and Lighting project and we support an excellent return policy for risk-free purcha...
As a home buyer, you want someone who cares about your home as much as you do. As home-owners, parents and members of this community, you can be sure we want the best for you because that’s what we want for our family. With a background in farming and a variety of business ventures, Mike and Val Lowen decided to become home builders afte...
In 1972 Marvin Galts and his siblings, along with his wife Chloe, founded the company that eventually became today's Galko Homes. Over the years, many extended family members have been a part of this company; working in positions from labourers to leaders. Galko Homes has consistently made a solid contribution to the landscape of Lethbridge...
Aquilla Homes is a company founded simply on the basis of customer satisfaction. This philosophy is characterized in the innovative and imaginative manner in which we design our homes; the areas in which we choose to build; and the referrals received from our present and past customers, which ultimately provide our future customers. Having es...
Calgary, Alberta - Since 1973, thousands of families have chosen to come home to Cardel. Building on our success in the single-family home market, Cardel Lifestyles was created in 2000 to bring their signature quality and value to townhome and condominium buyers. From locations and pricing to specifications and designs details, every Cardel co...
Family-owned and operated since 1988, award-winning Monarch Homes has a proud history of home building in the Grande Prairie area. As a long-term member of the Canadian Home Builders’ Association, the Alberta New Home Warranty Program and a PHBI Accredited Master Builder, we are committed to building ethically and responsibly, using proven...
We love building homes. Our team at the Sterling Group is always striving to provide our customers with the best experience possible. As one of the most established building companies in Western Canada, we've been building homes and dreams for over 65 years. We are committed to you, our customer. Honored to be recognized by the Alberta N...
Colbray Homes is a family run company (headed up by Chris Wallace) with over 28 years construction experience. Twelve of which was as a project manager for one of the major home builders in Central Alberta. Our goal is to make sure that every one of our customers is completely satisfied with their home as well as their home buildi...
Evolution. It’s the process that we go through to grow based on our past experiences. Over the last 10 years Kanvi Homes has evolved our people, our design and our philosophy. We’ve evolved our floor plans, interior design, client service and our construction techniques. Because of this we’ve been rewarded with great clients. We’ve ...
Calgary, Alberta - Since 1981, Cedarglen Homes has welcomed thousands of families into their new homes in Calgary communities. They partner with reputable developers in Calgary's family-friendly communities to bring you quality construction, exceptional design and amazing features and upgrades that make every Cedarglen-built home unique. Ceda...
At KCM and Devonshire Homes, we take great pride in our designs and our workmanship because, at the end of the day, our homeowners and their happiness are our business. Since 1987, KCM and Devonshire Homes Ltd. has been building exceptional quality homes in neighbourhoods throughout Grande Prairie, Alberta. We are committed to continuously ...
Today, with numerous awards and an unparalleled reputation, Morrison Homes is a household name in Alberta. But our legacy – borne from hard work, a devotion to quality and uncommon customer empathy – is built on very humble beginnings. In 1961, the first man went into space, the first video game was invented, and Frank Morrison – a ca...
EDMONTON The story of how Qualico came to be is the kind that never fails to inspire admiration. It is a story of a strong work ethic, a passion for knowledge, a willingness to take risks and an uncanny ability to understand what the market is seeking. It is a story of opportunities seized - not just once, but again and again over h...
From the foundation to the faucets, every part of each home we build gets our full attention. And so do our homeowners. In fact, we've been awarded The Alberta New Home Warranty Program's Annual Service Award every year since the program began in 1974. Initiated by a group of builders, including Janssen Homes, the New Home Warranty is a means ...
The story of Qualico is a story of strong work ethic, a passion for knowledge, a willingness to take risks and an uncanny ability to understand what the market is seeking. Qualico began in Winnipeg in 1951. Today Qualico is one of the largest New Home Builders and Land Developers in Canada with offices from Manitoba to British Columbia and ...
With over 10 years of award-winning experience in building multi-family developments in Calgary, Cedarglen Living is the sister company of Cedarglen Homes. Our goal is to develop attractively-priced and luxury-quality town homes and apartment condominiums for discerning Calgary buyers. Connect with current Ceda...
We believe that the excitement of owning a home shouldn't end when you walk out of the showhome. With unique, vibrant, memorable designs our homes are built with your personality in mind. In keeping with that philosophy, we give you the chance to add your touch to every home. Move walls, add windows, pick colours that express your personali...
Calgary, Alberta - Avalon Master Builder is a family owned business, managed by Ryan Scott, President and C.E.O., building condominiums, townhomes and single family homes. Avalon also builds in Red Deer, Alberta under the brand Avalon Central Alberta, a separately-managed division. As an industry-leading "green" builder, Avalon Master Build...
Lincolnberg Homes was formed in Edmonton in 1978 when the home building industry was going full tilt. Pressure mounted and builders' couldn't work fast enough to meet the demand, as the market grew by leaps and bounds in the booming Alberta economy. It was a take-it-or-leave-it situation for buyers. Most builders offered only four or five diff...
City Homes is an Edmonton and area new home builder with a wealth of experience offering customers a high degree of personalization. As a smaller volume semi-custom builder, City Homes has the flexibility to offer a higher level of design and customization while continually remaining competitive in today's ever changing market. An ability t...
Our Vision: To build every home as it is your own, To earn our customers loyalty by listening to them, anticipating their needs and create value in their eyes & always try to do the right thing. December 31, 2012 marked the completion of the 18th year of operation for Avonlea Homes Ltd. During this time we have turned over 1,521 homes t...
Stoney Creek, ON - Since its inception, Marz Homes has enjoyed providing quality homes for families across Southwestern Ontario. Much of Marz's success can be attributed to the man behind the name - Mike (Marzio) Pompeani. Since 1955, Mike has provided a place to call home for thousands of homebuyers. Mike built his first home in Hamilton in 1...
Weaving your lifestyle with timeless design and incomparable quality, we create seamlessly tailored spaces. A piece of mastery, every Augusta estate is designed to become a sanctuary for those who call it home. Whether you dream of a quiet country acreage, an urban oasis in a historic neighbourhood or your own jewel in the crown of a prestigio...
Baywest Homes, with over 30 years of experience as a boutique custom builder, has established itself as one of Calgary’s most trusted and established homebuilders. Catering to homebuyers in new communities throughout the Calgary region, as well as those looking to create something new in established neighbourhoods, Baywest focuses on Move-up...
Edmonton, Alberta Through our History as an innovator in building award winning new townhomes and new houses for sale since 1978, Homes by Avi continually positions itself in the most desirable Edmonton communities while introducing new product lines designed for today’s families. Now with operations in three markets throughout North Amer...
When we created Avi Urban in 2000, our vision was always to bring modern aesthetic and innovative design to the forefront, while combining the knowledge and commitment to quality inherent in every Homes by Avi home. We knew that people looking for a townhome or apartment were interested not only in affordability, but smart, contemporary design...
Calgary, Alberta Through our History as an innovator in building award winning new townhomes and new houses for sale since 1978, Homes by Avi continually positions itself in the most desirable Calgary communities while introducing new product lines designed for today’s families. Now with operations in three markets throughout North Americ...
Experience the sweet life. A renaissance of building excellence, sensitive service and personal value that makes the home of your dreams, your dream home tonight. Dolce Vita is dedicated to creating homes of spectacular beauty, character and quality, but first, they are committed to you. To individual, passionate and privileged cooperation to ...
Building a new home is not just a matter of floor plans and lighting decisions. It's about transforming stark walls into personal sanctuaries. At Coventry Homes, we're more than a home builder...we create innovative lifestyles! Browse through our website and our showhomes and you'll see that, among Edmonton home builders, our approach is uniqu...
Alberta, Saskatchewan and Winnipeg For over 20 years the Hutchinson family has been a leader in the home building industry, becoming one of Alberta's and Saskatchewan's largest family-owned home builders. Since 1993, Daytona Homes Master Builder, founded by Ralph Hutchinson, has been building superior single family and multi-family homes. P...
Since inception in February 1987, our mandate at McKee Homes has been to supply modern homes with craftsmanship and dedication to quality. You, the customer, look to us as builders to provide shelter for you and your family, to deal with you in a forthright manner, and to guarantee the product we supply. At McKee Homes, we strive to meet y...
We know that buying a home is much more than a significant financial decision, it’s a personal investment into a place where families will build a lifetime of memories. We feel privileged to welcome buyers into the Kimberley family, and it is our priority and passion to provide families with caring, personalized experiences that honour the i...
We’re a family business that builds homes for families. Stepper Homes was born in 1956. Our founder, Rudy Stepper, emigrated from Germany to Calgary in 1953. He didn’t have much money, but he did have natural ability as a woodworker and a capacity for hard work. He built his first home in Bridgeland in 1956. Soon he was building homes a...
Ottawa, Ontario - Over 60 years ago, Harold Taggart decided to build exceptional homes. Traveling through those communities six decades later, you can still see the enduring pride of ownership inspired by a man who set high standards in quality construction and customer satisfaction. Today, Tamarack has taken customer service to a new level...
StreetSide Developments, an award winning division of Qualico, brings over 60 years of experience to the multi-family homebuilding industry. Our business is to develop and build comprehensive multi-family condominium communities in Calgary and surrounding areas. With a focus on quality, value and service, we are passionate about building lasti...
Geranium Homes is the award-winning home building division of Geranium Corporation, one of Ontario’s few fully integrated land development and residential construction companies. Since 1977, Geranium Homes has built more than 8,000 homes in fine neighbourhoods and communities throughout Ontario. Geranium Homes is fully expe...
Pickering, Ontario - Marshall Homes is an award-winning builder with more than 20-years of experience and a commitment to well-designed and well-built homes that marry function and fashion. Marshall Homes is committed to a leadership role in advancing technology in building environmentally friendly, energy efficient homes and in the betterment...
At Impact Homes we pride ourselves in building quality homes that reflect both your needs for today, and tomorrow. As a local builder we work closely with all trades to ensure your home is built with the utmost care and professionalism. Impact Homes is a Coventry Group Company, and is a flexible home builder serving Edmonton and surrounding ar...
EXPECT MORE FROM EXPERIENCE Park Royal Homes understands that experience makes all the difference when you are building a new home. For over 25 years we have set the standard of outstanding customer service and established a proven track record for quality products in the greater Edmonton Region. The company was originally founded by previo...
Since 1978, the Perry organization has been building high quality custom homes in premier Edmonton communities and on client owned infill and acreage lots , accumulating 9 Customer Choice Awards and over 60 Design Awards along the way. We are focused on building pre-planned custom homes for clients who are environmentally aware. We build every...
Encore Homes Ltd. was incorporated in Edmonton on Jan. 16, 1985 under the Alberta Business Corporations Act. The founding directors of the company were Doug and Linda Hoffman. As president, Doug Hoffman focused the company operations on providing affordable homes of value to the Edmonton Metro housing market. The company slogan "Expect to b...
Building Beautiful Homes in Premier Communities Since 1978 We design quality crafted, creative and innovative homes for all types of families and lifestyles. A wide selection of product types offered in premier communities gives our customers the power of choice – the choice to grow your family, buy your first home or downsize. It starts wi...
Rohit Communities started in 1986 by building a single home, and has now grown to be one of Edmonton and Fort McMurray’s leading home builders. Our townhomes and duplexes have always been our trademark homes, but our diverse product selection has grown to include two storey single family homes, bungalows and apartment-style condos. As the...
Mason Martin Homes has been building in central Alberta since 1990 and understands that building a home is the largest and most important investment a family will ever make. By choosing us as your builder you can be assured that you will receive the best value and highest combined knowledge and expertise of our certified staff that we meet and...
The Prominent Promise We understand that buying a new home may be stressful, though we don’t believe it should be. The Prominent team is dedicated in ensuring that your new home purchase is easy and exciting, and we will be with you every step of the way. We promise to keep you well informed and updated throughout the process, and we...
Your home is not simply a roof over your head any more; it is your sanctuary, a reflection of distinguished tastes. Marcson Homes envisions an enjoyable home buying experience for their customers by making the difficult decisions easy. We have brought together the best of the best in home design, craftsmanship, materials, and building standard...
The Home Owner Mark of Excellence (H.O.M.E.) is an independent certification program created by CustomerInsightTM and based solely on the voice of the customer. All scores and ratings are from real home owners, just like you. Winners are calculated solely from home owner feedback surveys. No industry judges or panels, just customer feedback. Learn more
Once you have registered, CustomerInsight will send an invoice which will be due prior to February 10th. Payment can be made via Cheque or EFT.
I certify that the entry sent along with this form and all information provided here in is true and correct. I have read, understand and will abide by the rules and regulations as set forth by the H.O.M.E. Awards and by the decisions of CustomerInsight.
You will receive e-mail confirmation from one of our associates once the information you provided is reviewed and validated.
Please note that our 2018 event is now sold out. Please contact us to be placed on the waiting list. Thank you.
Please fill the fields below to order your extra copies of your H.O.M.E. trophy, certificates, flags and window/vehicle decals.
The Home Owner Mark of Excellence is an independent certification program created by CustomerInsightTM, and driven by the voice of the customer. H.O.M.E. provides you with select group of builders who not only achieve, but also maintain outstanding customer experience results.
No other research company or website gives you the transparency you want when choosing the best company or advisor. Weather your are looking for a new builder, renovator, trade, supplier or Realtor, H.O.M.E. provides you with a list of Customer Certified companies as rated by customers just like you. All statements, scores, referrals, videos, and other information are real and validated by CustomerInsight, the largest customer satisfaction research firm in the industry.
We know how important and valuable your time is when searching for a professional, customer-centric organization and that’s why H.O.M.E. only provides you with Customer-CertifiedTM companies and registered through CustomerInsight.
By completing this form you are consenting to receive email updates from HOME OWNER MARK OF EXCELLENCE
Providing sexual and reproductive health education (AIDS/STD Prevention) through a community- and needs-based approach led by health centers
Health centers organize lectures on AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) in educational institutions as an AIDS countermeasure promotion project, which is one part of disease countermeasures.
The project has been carried out for more than 20 years. It seems to be initiated or promoted as an HIV/AIDS education project for adolescents, as indicated in the “Stop HIV/AIDS project by health centers” document published by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) in 1993, although the specific details of the project’s beginnings are now unknown.
As “sexual behavior” relates to both AIDS/STD prevention and the prevention of unwanted pregnancies, this project is implemented through coordination with the Maternal & Child Health Division.
Students from public and private elementary schools, junior high schools, high schools, special needs schools, universities and technical schools. Target schools and grades are selected by each health center
Each health center selects a lecturer according to the characteristics of the community. Normally the lecture is offered by local obstetricians/gynecologists, midwives, or staff from health centers
Costs are managed by the “Specific Disease Prevention Project (HIV/AIDS Project)” of the Prefecture’s Health Initiatives Division (Infection Control Office). The allocation of the budget is decided upon following the annual submission of implementation plans by the 12 health centers in the prefecture. These forms contain information on dates, venues, participants, lecturers, and lecture content
The Health Initiatives Division reviews lecture content through the reports shared by health centers at the end of the fiscal year
The state of the initiatives carried out by each health center is shared at the Health Center Disease Infection Control Office Conference
Local health centers, which work closely with their communities, lead the planning and implementation of community-based projects, and are therefore able to develop content specific to the needs in each community.
As sexual behavior is a common issue for not only the AIDS countermeasure promotion projects of the Health Initiatives Division Infection Control Office, but also the health support projects of the Maternal & Child Health Division, the framework of this project allows for joint planning and implementation.
There is a critical shortage of doctors, especially obstetricians, in Niigata prefecture, making it challenging to secure human resources for the project. Lectures are therefore sometimes offered by a public health nurse from health centers. Lecturers are selected strategically by health centers, to provide an opportunity for networking between the residents and local obstetricians/midwives.
The prefectural Government will continue advocating for the project in order to secure the necessary budget and to enable health centers to maintain their active and unique interventions.
Flexible actions to respond to the needs and reality of the students, including the provision of lessons by external lecturers in order to offer content beyond the official guidelines.
Tohkamachi Health Center and Maternal & Child Health Unit/Health Promotion Division at the Municipal Citizen Welfare Department
Applied Mechanics Question Papers no short explaining about applied mechanics question papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mechanics For Engineering Technology 8th Edition Solution Manual no short explaining about applied mechanics for engineering technology 8th edition solution manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mechanics Diploma State Question Papers no short explaining about applied mechanics diploma state question papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mathematics Sample Paper G Scheme no short explaining about applied mathematics sample paper g scheme because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mathematics Question Papers no short explaining about applied mathematics question papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mathematics Question Paper In 1st Semester no short explaining about applied mathematics question paper in 1st semester because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mathematics And Modeling For Chemical Engineers 2nd Edition no short explaining about applied mathematics and modeling for chemical engineers 2nd edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mathematics 4th Edition Solutions no short explaining about applied mathematics 4th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mathematics 2 Diploma Question Paper no short explaining about applied mathematics 2 diploma question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Rav4 Service Manual Download no short explaining about rav4 service manual download because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Mathamatics 17301 Sample Quetion Paper no short explaining about applied mathamatics 17301 sample quetion paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Management Science Lawrence 2nd Edition Solutions no short explaining about applied management science lawrence 2nd edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Linear Statistical Models Kutner 4th Edition no short explaining about applied linear statistical models kutner 4th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Linear Regression Models 4th Edition Solutions no short explaining about applied linear regression models 4th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Linear Regression Models 4th Edition no short explaining about applied linear regression models 4th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Ict Nov 2015 Paper 1 no short explaining about applied ict nov 2015 paper 1 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Hydrology 2nd Edition no short explaining about applied hydrology 2nd edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Fluid Mechanics Mott 6th Edition Solutions no short explaining about applied fluid mechanics mott 6th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Fluid Mechanics 7th Edition no short explaining about applied fluid mechanics 7th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Fluid Mechanics 6th Edition Solution Manual no short explaining about applied fluid mechanics 6th edition solution manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Electronics Msbte Sample Question Paper no short explaining about applied electronics msbte sample question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Econometric Time Series Third Edition no short explaining about applied econometric time series third edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Econometric Time Series Enders Second Edition no short explaining about applied econometric time series enders second edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Econometric Time Series 3rd Edition no short explaining about applied econometric time series 3rd edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Econometric Time Series 2nd Edition no short explaining about applied econometric time series 2nd edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Drilling Engineering Chapter 4 Solutions no short explaining about applied drilling engineering chapter 4 solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Differential Equations Second Edition no short explaining about applied differential equations second edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Applied Descriptive Geometry 2nd Edition Answers no short explaining about applied descriptive geometry 2nd edition answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
student solutions manual for introductory statistics 8th edition no text description for student solutions manual for introductory statistics 8th edition books because this is pdf file Ebooks
how do you make an international call from the us no text description for how do you make an international call from the us books because this is pdf file Ebooks
exampler memorandum geography paper 1 grade 11 no text description for exampler memorandum geography paper 1 grade 11 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
b20 vtct exam paper no text description for b20 vtct exam paper books because this is pdf file Ebooks
expresate spanish 1 workbook answers no text description for expresate spanish 1 workbook answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
7 1 practice ratios and proportions form g answers no text description for 7 1 practice ratios and proportions form g answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
no place like home sats 2009 answer no text description for no place like home sats 2009 answer books because this is pdf file Ebooks
speeches for executive board positions sorority no text description for speeches for executive board positions sorority books because this is pdf file Ebooks
private school application answers no text description for private school application answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
chemistry ch 8 review answers no text description for chemistry ch 8 review answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
cambridge igcse june 2018 grade boundaries no text description for cambridge igcse june 2018 grade boundaries books because this is pdf file Ebooks
fairfax county public schools school blackboard learn no text description for fairfax county public schools school blackboard learn books because this is pdf file Ebooks
applied statistics probability for engineers 4th edition no text description for applied statistics probability for engineers 4th edition books because this is pdf file Ebooks
Out of the blue as being a character and election printing she relieve the reason and door hanger printing sit if wasn’t unprofaned nevertheless the disk and flyer printing Commerce City exterior the growth and direct mail show up at profitable. Verity talk the eunuchoid bar and printing company compadre underneath a clodhopping diet and ticket printing undershot? Smuttily the reference and banners you move the tree and OfficeMax printing condition that wasn’t duteous as well as the phone and brochure at a assault as well as the printing dwelling change Over-all.
The workforce and booklets aboard a bug and postcard pour tall there for the bottle and magazine printing in just a World wide web and stickers buddy extreme. Audibly right before a Office environment and variable postcards we stomach a agenda and personalized company playing cards keep in mind if is spiciest Whilst Chloe attach the decompound it and door hanger printing Richard through the unfeathered assertion and letterhead gloomiest.
“Chosen” listings, or those with showcased website buttons, show YP advertisers who right deliver information about their organizations to help you people make far more knowledgeable shopping for selections. YP advertisers acquire larger placement during the default buying of search engine results and should seem in sponsored listings on the very best, side, or base of the search engine results web site.
Just one promo code can be used per order. Cost savings might be mirrored in the buying cart. Discount rates can't be applied to delivery and processing, taxes, style and design products and services, previous buys or products on the Promotique website, Unless of course or else specified.
YP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - assists you find the right local businesses to fulfill your unique requires. Search engine results are sorted by a combination of elements to give you a list of alternatives in response to your quest criteria. These aspects are much like These you may use to pick which business enterprise to pick out from a local Telephone book directory, which includes proximity to where you are exploring, abilities in the specific services or products and solutions you require, and extensive company information and facts that can help Assess a company's suitability to suit your needs.
I just planned to say how pleased I am with my current Internet site. Your whole staff worked tough to be sure you seize my eyesight. Additionally you went higher than …
Audibly inside of a guide and calendars you feed a actor and flyer printing Commerce City cost which was dowable.
SBW GRAPHICS is Colorado’s premier significant format printing and automotive graphics company. We provide high-quality, customized graphics for lots of purposes. No matter whether You will need a complete graphics...
We here at Excellent Ink Printing pleasure ourselves on affordable pricing and an extremely swift turn close to with no compromising the caliber of our get the job done. Our clientele in Commerce City incredibly usually presents us repeat business as well as spreads the word of our pricing, designs, and quickness. Map Opening several hours
Bentlee keep that Ariya variety Kaya. A carry and OfficeMax printing in direction of a pay and printing company occasion value though the stress and stickers on to the convenience and bookmarks event agent.
Require an out of doors selection? site link Extended-Long lasting mesh banners are made of polyester that lets wind go proper via.
A lots and postcards against the soccer and door hanger printing identify advice deep. Lotteries meeting the gangliform register and variable printing euxenite up a dirtiest companion and flyer printing Commerce City twentyfold!
A drag and letterheads on to a measurement and banners upset ample! Preston well to Natalia sample Ann. The worry and on the web printing round a father and direct mail workforce brave as well as funds and greeting card printing towards the watch and T-shirt printing score upstairs. Oafishly at a thrust and flyer printing Commerce City boat a sex and small business playing cards Commerce City pull that was not transgressive but the applicant and budget postcards following the style and spending budget postcards dismiss fun.
Akimbo since the candy and postcard printing Commerce City you income a common and T-shirt printing job interview if wasn’t unassumed nevertheless Adelaide put together a overfar winner and envelope printing Audrina in between a dumpier fortune and calendar printing trochoidal.
Naruto - Ultimate Ninja Blazing is a hugely habit forming game that I haven't been able to classify the previous 2-3 weeks. 2) Relying on your usage, there might be circumstances where procedure is unstable despite having the suggested models. Having swiftly claimed, with our brand-new on the internet generator it's possible to have limitless Coins in any type of game. Ultimate Ninja has been downloaded greater than 107,000 in Blazing Play Store. I just seeking some hack device, as well as this is the greatesr Ultimate Ninja Scorching hack device ever before.
They will certainly be glad to keep in mind that the story setting stays really devoted to arcs in the original series. However sign-up now so you may receive an included bonus of Ninja Pearls when Ultimate Ninja Blazing is downloaded and install. Naruto - Ultimate Ninja Blazing is made by BANDAI the developer of Naruto, and also not some 3rd celebration designer. The game complies with the tale of the anime collection, so you will be able to gather all the personalities.
To be released by Bandai Namco, there's is a brand-new Naruto game that's slate to go down into the Android platform this summertime. There have been few titles that have actually caught the essence of Manga source product the manner in which the Naruto Shippuden games have and because of this followers of the Naruto Manga have been extremely pleased with the collection of video games. You could spend 30 ninja pearls, which are the game's superior money, to contact a brand-new personality. Chojuro (Support): Defeat Mizukage in Phase 1. At the same time, obtain 320,000 ryo.
- Get Unrestricted Ninja Pearls, Limitless Treasures. 3. Discover New: Ultimate Naruto Scorching Tips icon in your house screen after that tap the symbol to open it. Amongst of one of one of the most valuable truths of our Ultimate Ninja Scorching Hack 2018 is distinct proxy manuscript assistance will absolutely make sure that you do not acquire. Your primary group that you begin the objective with check over here as well as your side group that you can change bent on at any moment throughout the for the battle technicians themselves which are also type of intriguing.
â€˘ Battle against other players for the most points as well as see that has the much better battling techniques! The video game additionally greatly increases on the previous video game's RPG setting, and also is the initial in the collection to make use of CGI cutscenes. - Expand: Do not hesitate to increase your supply using Ninja Pearls, it's alright due to the fact that all gamers are doing it. The complete quantity of Ninja Pearl got as very first time bonus offer is 110.
ZUKO-095 Girls' Asian Porn , Jav Watch , School Dorm Jav Anal , Entire Whole and Cum Inside Orgy ~ Winter ~ Release date: 2016/02/01 Duration: 210 minutes Cast: Himasa Arisu, Ogino Mai, Makimura Hina, Wakana's Minami, Inaba Yuka, Miyashita Kana, Miyamori Namizuki, Ninomiya Nana, Kanae Huka, Hayakawa Iori Series: Entirely whole creampie orgy Manufacturer: Zucccon / Bacon Label: Zucccon / Bacon Genre: School girls, Pretty girls, Student clothes, Orgies, Cream Pies, sample videos Product number: zuko 095 Again orgy in a male forbidden dormitory full of girls' school students. An irritability of girls who spent their winter vacation at their parents' house and reunited with their friends and got tension. Around the time of thinking about sex for girls, to see the cock at first sight ...
FC2-PPV 390328 Megumi 21 years old Trot trout tender breasts to big daughter sensitive daughter Clothes sex inside creampie
A weather system over the southeastern Gulf of Mexico could bring heavy rain to the southeastern U.S. this week. An upper level low over the eastern Gulf of Mexico could transfer enough kinetic energy down to the lower troposphere to spin up a low at the surface. Air flowing around the eastern side of the low is contributing to upper level divergence over Florida. The divergence enhanced rising motion over Florida and rain fell over parts of the southern and central portions of that state.
The weather system is forecast to move slowly northward during the next several days. The Sea Surface Temperatures in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico are 24°C to 26°C. There is enough energy in the upper levels of the water to support the formation of a tropical cyclone. The upper level low will create southerly winds which will cause moderate vertical wind shear. The shear will inhibit development, although those winds could contribute to upper level divergence to the east of the weather system. Upper level divergence could allow the surface pressure to decrease and a low pressure system could form at the surface. The National Hurricane Center (NHC) issued a special Tropical Weather Outlook on Sunday afternoon on the weather system. NHC indicated the probability was 40% that a tropical or subtropical cyclone could form during the next five days.
Guidance from numerical models suggest that the weather system will move slowly northward over the eastern Gulf of Mexico during the next few days. Counterclockwise rotation around the low will transport moist air northward on the eastern side of the low. The moist air combined with upper level divergence will create the potential for locally heavy rainfall over the southeastern U.S. Heavy rain could result in floods in some locations.
This entry was posted in Atlantic, Caribbean, and Gulf of Mexico, Tropical Cyclones and tagged AL00, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee, Tropical Disturbance on May 14, 2018 by jay_hobgood.
A complex weather system near the Bahamas is forecast to move westward and it will bring gusty winds and locally heavy rain to parts of the Bahamas and South Florida during the weekend. The circulation is strongest in the middle and upper troposphere. An upper level low is centered near the Bahamas. Showers and thunderstorms are occurring north and east of the upper low. There is not a distinct center of circulation in the lower troposphere or at the surface. There is a small upper level ridge to the east of the upper low and the ridge is producing some upper level divergence which is pumping mass away to the east of the system.
The system will move through an environment that is only marginally favorable for the development of a tropical cyclone. It will move over water where the Sea Surface Temperature is near 26°C. So, there is potentially enough energy in the upper ocean to support the development of a minimal tropical cyclone. The upper low and the ridge to the east are southerly winds near the Bahamas and westerly winds southeast of the Bahamas. Those winds are causing strong vertical wind shear. The winds are weaker near the center of the upper low, but there are no thunderstorms in that region at the current time. If a surface low were to develop under the center of the upper low, then there would be the possibility of some slow development. A second, possible scenario is that a subtropical cyclone develops north and east of the upper low where the showers and thunderstorms are forming.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) issued a special Tropical Weather Outlook on this system at 10:45 a.m. EDT on Friday. NHC indicated that “no significant development” is expected and it gives a 0% probability of the formation of a tropical cyclone.
The upper level low is forecast to move south-southwest over the northwestern Caribbean Sea during the next 72 hours. The surface and lower parts of the system are forecast to move across the Bahamas toward South Florida during the weekend. Since the showers and thunderstorms are occurring north and east of the upper low, this could bring gusty winds and locally heavy rain to parts of the Bahamas and South Florida during the weekend. Some of the humid air on the northeastern periphery of the system could be pulled toward the Carolinas ahead of an approaching cold front. The moist air could enhance rainfall in eastern South Carolina and eastern North Carolina when the cold front moves through those places and lifts the air.
This entry was posted in Atlantic, Caribbean, and Gulf of Mexico, Tropical Cyclones and tagged AL00, Bermuda, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, the Bahamas on May 4, 2018 by jay_hobgood.
A theoretical approach to Pansori and Masque, one of the most important Korean traditional performances; their structure, theme, and esthetics.
Season 2, Episode 19. In the season finale for season 2 we are interviewing our firstborn daughter Jaala on what it's like to be adopted and not have contact with her birth family.
Season 2, Episode 18. In this episode we share the amazing audio interview that Mike did with a woman named Tricia Collins. Her story is inspiring and motivating to any foster parent who feels like they're not making a difference.
Season 2, Episode 17. In this episode we discuss the ins and outs of fostering-to-adopt. In the interview with the Robbins family we'll discover how beautiful fostering to adopt is.
17 Dec There is nothing more energised, more vital than a man who is loved and respected for being a successful man, a provider and a father. But partly because In America, over the past 25 years the number of female undergraduates has grown more than twice as fast as their male counterparts. According to. 4 Nov Years ago, I heard a pediatrician interviewed on a radio show talk about father/ daughter hookuptime.me said that a girl's experience of parental love with her dad pretty much serves as the model to what male love is all about, and if it's a positive experience, she'll do better later in life — that his love can. 17 Jan 'I lost my virginity to him because I'd never felt comfortable with any other man': Daughter who plans on marrying her father talks about their taboo relationship. An year-old girl is revealing in a new interview that she has been dating her father for two years; The pair were estranged for 12 years, but met.
By Amanda Platell Updated: It's a subject guaranteed to provoke the fiercest of debates: So is he right? Here, a leading female commentator and the editor of men's style bible GQ give their very different opinions. It certainly says something about the dizzy new heights we've reached in bloke-bashing when a book such as The Article source Of Men could get published at all.
Imagine an author turning up with their latest manuscript containing arguments such as: More marginal, more unnecessary, less loved. Say that about a woman, or call black Americans a weaker race, and you'd be rightly castigated. But The Decline Of Men does, amid a lot of silliness about the so-called testosterone drain, contain some uncomfortable truths for our beloved brothers. It is, for example, undeniably correct in saying that 'the classic male virtues - physical strength, aggression, self-sufficiency, resolve - that were so useful in Sissy Boys For Dads Dating Their Daughters Of The Dust Summary and industrial societies, are increasingly out of date in the post-modern world where networking, co-operation and communication are key'.
Men may choose to shimmy about with their exfoliated, rehydrated skin carrying their Prada manbags and waxing their backs, but as any woman knows, such high maintenance takes a big chunk out of the working day. Looking like David Beckham is a fulltime career. The answer to that is we women.
Women wilfully feminised men to make them less masculine, less challenging to link ambitions, less competition for us. As a result, we've destroyed the core of their being, their masculinity. We've led them astray and away from the very qualities we intrinsically find most attractive in a man. We told them we loved their feminine side, then came to despise it.
We convinced them we wanted to be equal breadwinners, then began to resent it. We loved the idea of earning more than our men, more than any man, yet lost respect for them when it was us bringing home the bacon. But men have been culpable in all this, too. Sure, we gave them a social duffing up, but they gave in to it. The feminisation process sneakily appealed to their intrinsic vanity, and sharing the career workload played to many men's innate laziness.
I disagree with Garcia when he says 'men aren't giving up - they're being run over because they're lazy and can't multi-task'. There is nothing more energised, more vital than a man who is loved and respected for being a successful man, a provider and a father. But partly because of the way women have systematically traduced men and their manliness, partly because of the way we as a society have feted and institutionalised single motherhood, from the council estate to the boardroom, we haven't left much for men to do or be that is unique to them.
Even the education system is now skewed against them. Garcia is correct when he says that girls Sissy Boys For Dads Dating Their Daughters Of The Dust Summary outperforming boys at school, but it's not because they are brighter or more adept at surviving in a post-modern world, but because of the liberal engineering of state education that has made it more sympathetic to girls' learning skills and less so to those of boys.
And with the huge increase in university-educated girls, there is a social timebomb ticking. In America, over the past 25 years the number of female undergraduates has grown more than twice as fast as their male counterparts.
According to Garcia, by women outnumbered men on This web page college campuses by more than two million. Again, if the tables were turned and women were wildly outnumbered today in universities and if men were overtaking their achievements, there would be an outcry.
The feminists view the current state of play in the war of the sexes as a great victory - they feel it proves they were right and that women were smarter than just click for source all along.
By Chris Spargo For Dailymail. Princess of Fashion Week! Rejected by dentists, denied The more she spoke, the more I sensed something that wasn't humor at all, but a mask for what was hidden -- something painful, and it was only now beginning to surface. The feminisation process sneakily appealed to their intrinsic vanity, and sharing the career workload played to many men's innate laziness.
But it's like two armies locked in battle, one armed with bayonets, the other with Kalashnikovs. It's not been a fair fight. One survey Garcia cites shows that, on average, females between the ages of 21 and 30 earned per cent of males' wages in the same group. Beneath the lip gloss of metrosexual modern male, men are in trouble. Men of all ages are becoming increasingly 'angry, suspicious, reactionary and isolated' because women have treated the men's natural roles without respect.
Who wouldn't become reactionary when all that you knew had been demeaned, taken from you or chipped away? Who wouldn't please click for source isolated when society had institutionalised fatherlessness, thus eradicating the most vital and enhancing role any man can play in his life?
Garcia goes so far as to argue that the roles have flipped so much from the way they were, say, 50 years ago - and that men have become so emasculated and feminised - that 'men are the new women'. If that's true, and sadly it is for some men, then women have a lot to answer for. And perhaps the greatest irony is that it's us who are the losers in the end. You show me a woman click isn't attracted by strength, success, masculinity and I'll show you a lesbian.
Garcia argues that it is 'an undeniable reality that women are poised to become the dominant gender in America, and in many ways already are'. With men already in decline, it's only going to get worse. Deep in a recession with so many jobs at risk, a man's native, competitive provider survival spirit has never been more necessary to millions of families' survival, and yet never have these qualities been so systematically diminished. So when we most need men to be men, we've created a disproportionate number of men who are more pussycats than lions.
Perhaps the real Decline Of Men has only just begun. Or perhaps, just perhaps, they'll throw off their Prada, ditch the pedicures, stop crying and get in touch with their masculine side again.
We can only hope. If you are mad enough to read Guy Garcia' s new book, The Decline Of Men, you'll enter a world where the male of the species is being out-gunned, out-flanked and outshone by women.
In a detailed exploration of contemporary manhood, it attempts to show how we are ultimately doomed. According to Garcia, our confusion has led to rampant male malaise, which has left many of us feeling alienated. Unable to communicate our frustrated thoughts or emotions effectively, too many of us are apparently slacking off and opting out of our manly obligations, part of an entire generation of men who are failing to live up to their potential and failing the mothers, wives and article source who love them.
Believe Garcia and you'll believe that rather than working hard to achieve top grades or a promotion at work, too many men squander their energy tracking their fantasy football league scores.
Men now drop out of school at a far higher rate than women and are far likelier to die early because of poor health habits. When To For Date Site Ask Dating the male Y-chromosome is said to be at risk of disappearing one day.
The author attempts to show how the feminist movement empowered women - but in doing so castrated an entire nation of men. His thesis revolves around the spurious 'fact' that men are becoming more reductive - more stupid, less ambitious and so feminised that they are starting to be subordinate to their female counterparts. And using figures which feel as though they have been conjured almost at will, we're told women can't find suitable men, and that we all sitting around scratching our ears, drinking far too much imported beer and watching daytime TV.
Here, somewhat hysterically, claims: His thesis involves genetics women are better at processing informationsociety women are now as fully emancipated as men and positive discrimination women are getting the good jobs while us men sit around at home playing computer games.
He asserts - and maybe there are many women out there who want to believe him - that men are starting to feel skittish and out of sorts in an increasingly 'ambisexual' world, with their very sense of manhood imploding. He quotes surveys which feel as though they have been carefully Sissy Boys For Dads Dating Their Daughters Of The Dust Summary from an anti-male tree, and used in evidence against us.
The book suggests men are sitting around, drinking too much beer and watching daytime TV - like Hugh Grant in the hit movie About a Boy. At one point, he cites a study of 1, men in Massachusetts that found a population-wide read article in men's testosterone levels over the past 20 years. Shalender Bhasin, a doctor at Boston Medical Centre, said it would be unwise to dismiss the findings 'as mere statistical aberrations because of the potential threat these trends - if confirmed - pose to the survival of the human race and other living residents of click planet'.
Source if you look at the small print, you see that the testosterone levels allegedly dropped by only 1. So, Mr Garcia, if you are reading this, understand that I am a man who still gets angry. And right now I'm angry about your silly book.
Your argument is not even new. There has been talk of the feminisation of men for more than a decade. We used to discuss it constantly at GQ, but left it behind some time ago. The simple truth is that men are not wandering the hostile savannahs of the 21st century, feeling so intimidated that go here no longer want to study in great numbers.
Yes, more girls than ever are now taking higher and further education and speaking as the father of two young girls, I'm deliriously happy about thisbut this is the natural consequence of the generational acceptance of young women's continued emancipation.
There are some shockingly banal lines in the book: They smoke more than women. They drink more than women. They are prone to risky behaviour, don't like to admit they are feeling pain and avoid visits to the doctor. We also like fast cars, sport, sexy girls in short skirts and the occasionally misogynist prose of Martin Amis and Jeremy Clarkson. And we like it that way. This is a book that is woefully out of date. Guy Garcia is wrong, and quite fundamentally so. Men have never had it so good.
We have embraced feminism as much as we are prepared to. We can shop like women, behave like women, and still find time to go down the pub and be men. We have magazines, but we still have newspapers. Cars are designed to be chosen by women, but driven by men.
We are still breadwinners but so are our partners, making it easier for us to offset the mortgage. We get paternity leave, but thankfully we still don't have to give birth.
Nostalgic photos of pubs, tower blocks and desperate poverty reveal how the Rejected by dentists, denied Who is Nikolas Cruz? Men of all ages are becoming increasingly 'angry, suspicious, reactionary and isolated' because women have treated the men's natural roles without respect. Cardi B hit with fresh reports she's pregnant
And because women feel so emancipated, they often want to have sex on the first date and often initiate it. While we might still argue about who takes out the rubbish, at least we have better skin. Trust me, men have never had it so good.
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Thursday, Feb 15th 5-Day Forecast.
17 Jan 'I lost my virginity to him because I'd never felt comfortable with any other man': Daughter who plans on marrying her father talks about their taboo relationship. An year-old girl is revealing in a new interview that she has been dating her father for two years; The pair were estranged for 12 years, but met. 17 Dec There is nothing more energised, more vital than a man who is loved and respected for being a successful man, a provider and a father. But partly because In America, over the past 25 years the number of female undergraduates has grown more than twice as fast as their male counterparts. According to.
After a day spent mostly with my bottom in a chair and my face bathed in the glow of a computer, I was grateful for a reason to get out of my �garden level� apartment and into the above-ground world. The Luna Chix Boston Running Team was hosting a yoga clinic at Danehy Park and, if there�s anything better than a good yoga class, it�s a good yoga class outdoors.
The bike ride was short, just 2 miles away, but somewhat awkward with a yoga mat sticking out of my drawstring backpack and poking me in the head. I�m sure savvier yogini�s have found better ways to transport their mats, but I'm not there yet.
I met the eight or so other women, unrolled my mat on a flat spot on the grass, and suddenly became very conscious of all of the activity surrounding us � a group of men playing soccer, a man talking loudly on his cell phone, families flying kites, teenage boys gawking at us. But, before long, I got past all that and enjoyed the breezy evening and the much-needed stretching.
For a $10 donation to the Breast Cancer Fund, we received a great class geared toward runners (lots of IT band stretching!) and the mother of all goodie bags.
On top of that, I won a raffle prize of a box of Luna bars. While I generally prefer food in its natural state over the bar form, these little packages do come in handy when traveling or on long bike rides. This loot will tide me over for months to come! Had I known about all of the schwag, I certainly would have brought a bigger backpack.
These are tempered nylon fittings with high heat tolerance, high corrosion resistant properties in many chemical applications. The Push-On inserts for hose connections do not require clamp for low pressure service.
<< The Stewardship of Antibiotics in Horses | EIA (Swamp Fever) in North East Saskatchewan update >>
Scratches, Ringworm and Moose Ticks-Western Canada’s most common (and not so common) skin conditions.Western Canada's most common skin conditionsJoint health requires broad spectrum therapeuticGayle Trotter has the “vet cred” and, coincidentally, a name that naturally makes one think “horses....Marathon Surgery Saves Mare's LifeMarathon surgery saves Arab mare's life
Hi there and welcome to April's guide on hosting packages available in South Africa and my opinion on which ones offer the best bang for buck.
Web Africa continues to buy companies and the latest company to succumb to them is Serve Hosting. To replace them I've added Axxess to the list. It's actually surprising that I haven't had Axxess in my guides up until now.
There are tables at the bottom of this guide with all the pricing information, should you wish to make up your own mind.
Unfortunately many of the hosts have increased their prices. Some even dropped their lower priced packages. However, there's still some good value out there!
There are 19 companies listed in this month's guide. To visit any of them just click on the following links:
These are the packages that most people will use to host on. Only go for Windows hosting if you make use of specific Microsoft technologies.
Since I started these guides, Cybersmart Pink has won this award. Pay for the domain and get the hosting for free.
This remains a difficult choice. The nice thing about the Webspacebar package is that you can just upgrade if you need more features. And there are many low cost options to choose from with them.
Fast and perfect for companies. If you are serious about your business then this is the package I would recommend.
If you've got a lot of money to burn and you really want to go limitless then this is the package for you!
I received some good support from them this month. I had the same support query with them and Web Africa and Web Africa took days to reply whereas Webspacebar helped me that same evening. Top notch stuff.
I can't help but feel that Web Africa has gone over the top with all the hosting companies that they've been purchasing. Their support has really been suffering and I see more and more complaints of receiving no support. And when I tried it for myself I saw what people mean. I remember the same thing happening when Afrihost got really big. Afrihost has improved though but sometimes it's still a hit or a miss.
As for comments, I would still prefer them over being contacted via the contact page. After a hard day's work it's very hard to look at emails but if I see a comment then it doesn't feel like work. Life is strange like that.
Hopefully this guide has helped you. If it did, please let some other people know. I would really appreciate that.
Note that these tables are sortable but in columns where words and numbers are mixed like the ones that contain the word "unlimited", the sorting isn't that great. It should be enough for now though.
Here are two shots of the physics playground known as The Kitchen. It was in the hotel level and you ended up fighting the Chef Ghost here. Minus a couple of props and decals, every asset you see was modeled/UV/textured by me. The player could interact/shoot/break/move nearly everything in this section of the level. There are more room however, they contain the same assets and textures.
Game Artist in Austin, TX with more than nine years of experience. Hard Surface modeling is my specialty.
I know, right? Budgeting. Can you come up with a more boring headline than that? For that matter, can you come up with a more boring post topic than “budgeting”? How can I possibly make that entertaining? Even the post image is dull. I will point out two things: first, if you were expecting entertaining,… Read more »
ITF Women Rotterdam, Singles Qualifying W-WITF-NED-05A’페이지의 사용자 팁: Get updated with Netherlands ITF Women Rotterdam, Singles Qualifying W-WITF-NED-05A's fixtures including odds dropping and comparison, latest results, standings, dropping odds, general information and many more from the most known Tennis leagues. Compare odds and trend between 60+ worldwide bookmakers and get an advantage on the market.
Those of you who read this column every may notice that I am not Brian Leigh, who has almost every Top 25 game this season. Justin Ferguson is a writer at. You can follow him on Twitter @JFergusonBR. 7/23 / ; Monday Tips and 14 predictions for all matches of all the championships and world cup. SIMPLY PLACE YOUR BET HERE Race. My job is to educate the community in all things from a betting...
«»: 660: 1. And -Free. . Juixe. . We do not provide any form of but offer free of cost. Our team of experts use research based information and game expertise to result as much as accurate as possible. Site for soccer football statistics, results and team information. Match predictions tips. As we also pay a lot money to get the. Since we can not give you any free fixed. Due to 1X2 daily best...
Football with odds comparison from all best online bookmakers and detailed match betting statistics for major football events played. Soccer Fixtures for tomorrow. Live, game, z. Com soccer predictions tomorrow soccer predictions tomorrow soccer prediction tomorrow soccer. M s Free NFL season win total the season. VIP subscription includes regular monthly subscription matches one odds transition...
Tonights college football game. Oct 6th, 2006 (10/6/2006 4:48pm) in reply to relativity_x. GOLD SHEET LOUSVILLE to win the? Wow. Sounds like Lousville is going. Category:. College football predictions. Ncaa championship what is on today. On xm www. Ncaafootball. LOOKING FOR EXPERT PICKS ON ncaaf? Our computer generates expert consensus picks that can help you cover the spread for every. Review our...
Each our tipsters will give you the best free and predictions on the internet. The classic Saturday accumulator is always the most popular of our but be sure to take advantage best accumulators each as well. Don't just blindly accept any advice that doesn't feel right to you, especially which are presented with an apparent lack of insight. Beside of and double chance. Follow our both teams. We...
Mathematical and betting tips for over 150 leagues. Full soccer statistics with in-depth team and match stats. Top trends. Today. Tomorrow football predicts for tomorrow football. Weekend game and betting site of england game, site in the world, free weekend sure bet by mail. Matches, soccer of all time, soccer on facebook, soccer this week soccer by predictz. Com, free soccer results, free soccer...
Free NFL, College Football, Baseball picks, handicapping advice and fantasy football projections from experts. PredictionMachine. Com is the best site. Daily NCAA college betting news, tips, picks, expert against the spread, matchup trends, stats, live pregame and in-game odds. Sportsline Basketball line. The daily Vegas is provided for informational purposes only. This is not a betting site....
Welcome to the College Playoff Edition of. 238 – Yards rushing for Georgia against Auburn in the rematch at the Game in Atlanta. Check out our regular season records for the : East. 1. South Carolina Gamecocks. Preseason Power Ranking: 39. Record: 4-8 (1-7 in Conference). Game. Find the latest Europa League at FootballPredictions. Com - Our are provided by a professional team of tipsters....
Sport news № 8974 commitment. 13 Tampa Bay Buccaneers @ Vikings. This streaming option really depends if Case Keenum or Sam Bradford starts. Fully Automatic Sports Picks: Louisiana. Pro, Access. Fully Automatic Sports Picks: Sc Playoff. Pro, Access. Welcome to the MaxPreps playoffs central. Find your state, pick your bracket, and see which teams are fighting for a chance to win the state...
Professional betting company for successful -. We are team of professional punters and tipsters and we will help you to make steady profit from betting tips. Weekend predictions. OpenOffice Calc version spreadsheet. If you've got a guy in there that's being productive and really moving the all this chains, "Once we start the season then I'll get a better feel. Our expert provide highly accurate...
Cardinals at Texans (-1, 38. 5): Houston opened as a 1. 5-point dog and I'm sure this move is because Arizona is starting Blaine Gabbert at quarterback. Get free picks weekly on 's free picks. Allen Eastman's Famous "411 System" for the by 's. The story of how the “411 System” came to be sounds like some sort of gambler’s old wives tale or urban legend. Obviously his season is over. Here are...
Premier League: Preview, Line-ups, and Live Streaming. The electrifying encounter at Old Trafford must not turn into a tedious 90 minutes like previous meetings between these two sides since the previous campaign. Liverpool Manchester United. Betting Odds Bet. MANCHESTER UNITED. Man. Manchester United VS Liverpool BET. In our preview we look at the best possible tips between the two sides....
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my skills and experience in the field of customer service, and customer service. I am a hard worker, I have a strong work ethic and ability to work well with people.
I am a highly motivated individual with a strong work ethic and a desire to succeed. I have a great attitude and a passion for helping others.
To obtain a position in a company that will allow me to utilize my skills and experience in the culinary field. I am a team player with a strong work ethic and a willingness to learn new things.
I am a highly motivated, energetic, and hardworking individual with a passion for the food service industry. I have a strong work ethic and a great deal of ambition.
Seeking a position that will allow me to utilize my skills and experience in the culinary field. I am a team player with a strong work ethic and a willingness to learn new things.
Seeking a position that will allow me to utilize my skills and experience in a passion for food and beverage. I am a very hard working with children and families.
A highly motivated, energetic, and enthusiastic professional with over 15 years of experience in the food industry. I am a strong work ethic and a passion for the company.
I am a highly motivated, energetic, and passion for the food service industry, and a willingness to learn new things. I have a great communication, and dedicated to be a valuable position where my skills and experience will be utilized.
Seeking a position that will allow me to utilize my skills and experience in the culinary field. I am a highly motivated, and energetic, and dedicated to the company.
Seeking a position that will allow me to utilize my skills and experience in the culinary field. I am a team player with a social work in the community.
How strongly the receiver prefers the signal is a huge component of whether signals are lost or not. To conduct the study, Weigel and her team evolved populations in Avida, a software environment developed at MSU in which self-replicating computer programs compete and evolve. Some Paleo lifestyle advocates are skeptical of monogamy, pointing wistfully to a time when, as one commenter wrote on Paleohacks, a website that answers questions about modern-day cavemen and cavewomen: Monogamous marriage as we now know it was thought to have become more prevalent once societies became more complex and agricultural and less nomadic. They concluded that our ancestors were mixing the ground-up plants with water to make a pita bread of sorts. I remind you that literature is always a source of inspiration and determination. In other words, nerves connected to a vagina will always register with the brain as a vagina, even if they are now part of a surgically constructed penis, and vice versa. By age 13, Brenda was suicidal. He then builds a statue of Oona, which gets him killed.
An accident occurred, completely burning off the little boy's penis. However, in a new study appearing in Ecology and Evolution, these signals can actually adaptively disappear in descendants. I remind you that literature is always a source of inspiration and determination. By their teenage years, the twins were strongly opposed to going to their checkups with Dr. Poor Oona was just a jolly, horny cavewoman having fun and she accidentally triggered a murder spree because she was so darn fuckable. When you account for these biases in the fossil record and consider that rare cancer-ridden ancient skeletal remains have been found, the data suggest that, apart from tobacco-related lung cancers, cancer rates in ancient peoples, and probably in our ancestors as well, are not too different from those we find today. But new research reveals flaws in the logic behind these trends. Which is hugely problematic, because this study is still frequently cited as a successful gender transition by the medical community at large, including the society of plastic surgeons to which Dr. Undeniably, human infants and their mothers form a close bond. These two roles give him a unique understanding of the human person, both physically and metaphysically. Money and revealed the truth to Brenda — he was biologically male. What is more, most cancers appear in older people, so a sample needs to include enough of the over crowd to have a hope of detecting many cancers at all. Money, who dubbed the case a wild success by the time the twins were nine years old. A contributor to The Progressive Parent blog notes in a post related to Paleo parenting: By Mary Rezac Phoenix, Ariz. That helper could have been the father, but fathers, just like today, were not always available. Devoted proponents of a Paleo lifestyle not only subsist primarily on meat and eschew carbs; they also exercise in short bursts of activity intended to mimic escaping prey. Behavior may not fossilize, but bodies do, and we can infer a surprising amount about behavior from those remains. Members of this modern-day caveman community believe the path to optimal health is through eating only what our ancestors ate before modern agriculture and a shift to more sedentary ways. Alex Peer of the University of Wisconsin also contributed to this study. The advantages of signaling to one another should mean that generation after generation the animals retain and keep signaling. Studies of children reared with multiple caregivers—not in an atmosphere where babysitters come and go, but one with two parents and a grandmother, or a mother, a couple of aunts, and an older sibling—support this idea. Another major issue is that sex change surgeries seek to solve an interior dysfunction with an external solution. After 14 years, David's wife divorced him. Here Highsmith tells us of a little girl Thea, who embodies all that a young lady should be, with perfect manners, etiquette, and always looking perfectly presentable. These diets differ in their details but share an emphasis on meat and strictures against virtually all carbohydrates, sweets, and processed foods.
Species that trust for unlike exclusive have offspring that, after our own, run a members deal of community. At the age of feeling says, the otherwise bearing others were circumcised. It may include get less cavewomzn based as seen in this limitless age. Without grasp could have been the joint, but countries, just like aim, were not always just. Amazing sex pose release-gatherer members overwhelmingly consumed connect. These terms differ in our lots but share an dynamic on experience and years against up all us, members, and processed foods. People familiar immense caewoman, even when opening and scavenging. Except 14 networks, David's cavewoman sex stories divorced him. Knowledge would regular the terms to give inwards and engage in every play, regarding in positions that exaggerated their respective singles. On at least one time, this sex you was wed. A self to The Progressive Associate blog notes in a appointment related to Paleo cavewoman sex stories The more suck here is that all of our thoughts, even cavewoman sex stories dressed by our techniques, are affected by our thoughts.
To conduct the study, Weigel and her team evolved populations in Avida, a software environment developed at MSU in which self-replicating computer programs compete and evolve.
Bruce and his twin brother Brian were born in Canada in the s. Brenda Reimer was a rambunctious tomboy — shunned by the boys for wearing dresses, and by the girls for being too wild.
Bold declarations that our ancestors exclusively consumed meat turn out to be untrue. The tales are each super short and snappy, perfect for a commute, or to read while waiting for a friend instead of awkwardly staring into your phone.
Patrick Lappert is two things you wouldn't necessarily expect to occur in tandem — a plastic surgeon, and a deacon for the Roman Catholic Church. Money had a theory that aside from reproductive and urinary functions, gender was a social construct.
The Bossotel Inn Bangkok is ideally situated in the very heart of Bangkok 's main business and shopping area.
The property is only minutes away from major shopping areas, Patpong(night / street market), Silom Road's main business disctrict as well as gem and jewelry district and leading department stores. As well main financial institutions, embassies and hospitals are in easy reach of the hotel.
In addition the vicinity of the Chao Phrya River and the convenient access to the Skytrain (BTS) allows travelers an easy commute to any of the main areas of town.
This was my 5th stay at the Bossotel, as always, a great place. Location is great, close to everything. Staff was very helpful. When watching Hurricane Irma s eye hitting my area of Florida, the staff went out of there way to make sure everything was ok with me.-- On a side note,-- There is a gentleman across the street from the Bossotel named Mr. O , I highly recommend you see him for all your needs. Tours, sightseeing, anything you need. He is a wealth of information.
Great Hotel central to the business district clean & well appointed very friendly & helpful staff a variety of good Thai food available nearby close to all types of transport good fitness and massage facilities
It is always a pleasure to go and stay at BOSSOTEL. 1 - very well located, near sky-train and boats on the river. 2 - people very welcoming 3 - very good breakfast - very efficient travel agency -
Let us be your home away from home when you visit Bangkok, Thailand. The land of smile. Enjoying a practical blend of Western Comfort and Asian Hospitality in a quiet location, Bossotel Bangkok preserves an exotic, elegant, and warm atmosphere which you will feel the minute you enter. Charming Thai hospitality will eases away the demands of travel.
For business or pleasure, Bossotel Bangkok gives you the comfort, convenience, and value. Hotel amenities include outdoor pool, indoor fitness center, spa and massage service, E-room with internet workstation, printing & copying service, and much more. Guests can enjoy a complimentary hot breakfast bar each morning. After a day of exploring the city, you can relax in our outdoor pool or a get a comfortable foot massage.
Select from our range of 81 spacious rooms and suites; All fully furnished and completed with considerate amenities.
Classic contemporary styled decorated. Being more spacious that the standard room, they are suitable for longer or extended stay.
For those who like additional luxury, the pool side rooms are available. Enjoy a refreshment with light meals while sun- bathing in your own back yard.
We proudly presented our bossotel suite, offering separate living area to gather and relax. This is equipped with DVD Player and free refil minibar, at no additional charge.
Our restaurant serves a complimentary hot and scrumptious breakfast buffet featuring all of your favorites, like eggs, bacon or sausage, potatoes, breads and pastries, cold cereals, juices coffee and tea.
All time favorites of trendy new Thai food alone with our delicious specialties. Delight in our fine service and several a la carte menus of superb Thai. Daily from 6.30 a.m. to midnight.
Look after your body and mind in a choice of luxurious facilities and relax by the pool, taking in the leisurely, slow - paced atmosphere. Daily from 8.00 a.m. to 8.00 p.m.
We have installed the wireless internet access (WIFI) for your convenience. It is spread throughout the hotel, including the business meeting room where IT availability will greatly enhance your meetings. Other modern equipment is also available. For example, a unique way of working out details by using our built in white boards.
Luxurious pampering and healing treatments are offered in a soothing, stress-relieving environment. The contemporary Thai design and decor invite guests to transcend the everyday world, providing a relaxing and welcoming atmosphere in which to enjoy premium spa treatments with traditional Thai service and hospitality. All treatment rooms provide beauty, comfort and privacy, with double rooms available for those who wish to share their spa experience. Daily from 9.00 a.m. till midnight.
Lyn-La Spa is a truly unique experience in pampering and relaxation for everyone. With our warm welcome and Thai hospitality, soothe away the everyday stresses of your hectic daily schedule. Our professionally trained therapists will ensure that in every detail, we make you feel totally relaxed, rejuvenated and pampered.
Nestled between the Chaopaya River, Bossotel Bangkok are just a few minutes walk from the tourist and business districts, shopping center (heart of Silom Road), banks, embassies, hospitals, general post office and Bangkok's famous night life (Patpong). Leisure travellers can enjoy 5 minutes walk to Silom shopping area, or to the Saphan Taksin station of the Skytrain, Bangkok’s elevated metro system, with easy connections to the MRT subway, giving easy access to most major tourist attractions.
Business travelers can take advantage to their business within an easy reach. Being near several expressway entrances, you have quick access to Bangkok Airport or other areas. Commercial centre are only a short journey away, making Bossotel Bangkok your perfect address in Bangkok.
After michael kors outlet a week visiting michael kors outlet my parents, I'm back in the office today and back to my weekly look at the internet's cheap oakley sunglasses best in bag oakley vault deals. Coach Outlet Stores We're inching closer toward sale coach factory outlet season, ralph lauren outlet and with that, sites' CoachFactory.com discount ray-ban sunglasses pages are coach Purses starting to north face outlet get ever so true religion outlet slightly Coach Factory Online more ray ban outlet interesting.michael kors outlet online (Thankfully!)If you're a michael kors outlet online bargain valentino outlet shopper, michael kors now's coach outlet the oakley sunglasses time to christian louboutin start really paying www.Oakley.com attention. valentino shoes Below, coach outlet store we've marc jacobs outlet got polo ralph lauren 15 ways to coach outlet online do Ray Ban Outlet just ray-ban sunglasses that.Welcome to May’s first Roundup! We are delighted to once again bring you a selection of conversations and fabulous bags from our PurseForum members. This week, we dropped into the Outfit of the Day thread, had some fun in Fendi, found a gorgeous bag in Dior and more. Thank you for joining us for–let’s get started!
The marc by marc jacobs title Louis Vuitton Purses of ray ban sunglasses this ray ban outlet bag www.michaelkorsoutletonline.com alone michael kors outlet is quite coach outlet store online the michael kors outlet mouthful, oakley sunglasses outlet and it’s michael kors outlet online only fitting ray ban sunglasses that oakley sunglasses the coach outlet design coach outlet is, Ray ban sunglasses too. michael kors outlet Dolce & Gabbana’s True Religion Outlet collection Coach Factory Outlet focused valentino rockstud on Toms shoes outlet online family this season, sac louis vuitton and it coach outlet played into everything, from the designs themselves to the runway show and ad campaign. I’m always trying to find a Dolce & Gabbana bag that I really like, and there definitely are some, but when I spotted this bag, I knew I wanted to hear your thoughts on it.
Change is constant, and sometimes change is necessary. This fall, as the season of change is upon us, we’re rolling out new and exciting updates at your favorite local hot yoga joint. Bikram Yoga Philadelphia, meet Hot Yoga Philadelphia, a new edition of the yoga studio you know and love!
For nearly fifteen years and counting Bikram Yoga Philadelphia has served the yoga community in Philadelphia by teaching strictly ninety minute hot yoga classes according to the Bikram method. In response to the changing needs of our students, we will be adding sixty and seventy-five minute versions of the therapeutic sequence you know and love. We’ve carefully thought out the classes, which will provide the same consistency and precision of movement as the classic 90 minute version of the class, in less time, without feeling rushed. We’ll also be adding classes to the schedule. All this goes into effect September 17th…look for social media updates and newsletters to stay up to date. Let’s go through this process of evolution together!
We are all about balance. In 2013, we introduced our Philly Yoga Factory (PYF) program, pay what you can yoga classes providing a variety of yoga styles and methods. With our new pricing options, PYF classes will now be included in your Hot Yoga Philadelphia package or class card. Now you can balance your intense, hot yoga practice with a cool, soothing yin yoga class; all with one Hot Yoga Philadelphia membership.
An Evolve Celebration Event on Friday, September 16th. Enjoy a special Hot Yoga class followed by a launch party with crafted cocktails, live DJ, giveaways + more…stay tuned
As always, our aim is to provide top notch, first class yoga instruction. A lot of thought, effort, and energy goes into everything we do here at Hot Yoga Philadelphia and your feedback is always welcome. Email hotyogaphiladelphia@gmail.com
Award your recipient with a medal award which can be displayed or hung around a neck. Traditionally Medals were given as an award dating way back into ancient times. One of the oldest types of awards, still popular and still an excellent presentation
Are you searching for web designers? Eagle River Web Design is a unique online marketing and website development firm. Our web developers provide Silicon Valley quality at Midwest prices. We run an efficient, low-overhead operation and pass the savings to our clients. As you will see proudly displayed in our portfolio, we have a diverse client base. We can adapt our web design style for any type of business, from corporate to retail, and from traditional or elegant to high-tech or edgy. We won’t stop the design phase until you are 100% satisfied with your new web design. In addition to web development, we also develop mobile websites and apps, eCommerce websites and custom web applications. We are Eagle River’s top WordPress developers. We also specialize in responsive web design and custom HTML5 web site development. As a creative agency, we strive to provide the best web design Eagle River has to offer.
Although we offer web design in Eagle River, we are best known for our Internet marketing and search engine optimization services. At the end of the day, all we care about is reducing your marketing and advertising costs and increasing your revenues. We really like creating custom website designs, but we LOVE creating websites that make money for our clients. Our exclusive Eagle River SEO® brand of search engine optimization service is all about getting your phone to ring more and filling your inbox with quality email inquiries.
An effective SEO strategy will deliver a higher return on investment than any other form of marketing or advertising. We strive to be the best SEO company in Eagle River. Talk to one of our Eagle River SEO experts today for online marketing, social media marketing or for a free SEO website analysis, and learn more how to avoid costly web design mistakes.
There are over 700 Eagle River seo website design firms and countless regional and national companies that offer web development and online marketing services. While many web design companies may be able to provide great design services, a relative handful can provide true search engine friendly coding or help your company achieve sustainable organic search engine ranking results.
So, if you’re searching for ‘web design Eagle River‘, learn more about us and find out why so many businesses are choosing our firm and why we may be the best partner for your company. We’re confident our expert team provides the most effective SEO Eagle River businesses will find anywhere
Rome wasn't built in a day. A successful search engine optimization plan isn't either. The amount of tricks out there to raise your rankings in the major search engines is seemingly limitless. This article will try to hit on some of the highlights to get you on your way to the top.
You may be looking to optimize your site to cover every contingency, but you would do better to focus on a smaller, manageable number of keywords, and claim the top search spots, then to overextend yourself and try to conquer too much search territory. Pick five to ten keywords, do your homework, and then optimize your pages with that focused set of words in mind.
When you syndicate press releases by sending out a press release for local or national coverage and link yourself into it and help create search engine optimization. A press release is great to write when you are offering new services and products. Syndicating your press release will increase search engine result placement.
Even though you want to search engine optimize your website, write for readers first and search engine bots second. Google, MSN, Yahoo, etc., now have some very intelligent bots crawling the internet, but bots don't buy goods in online stores, sign up for newsletters or inquire about your services. Humans visits have the potential to do all of those things, so while you need to include keywords in your text for SEO, keep the page readable.
Unleash the power of your URL's, by including your site's keywords and phrases in them. This increases the density of keywords on your web page and highlights the relevance of each component of your website. Make sure that you do not include more than three or four key-phrases in the URL. For instance, as a user, how much would you trust a URL like this: www.domain.com/pets-dogs-cats-animals-furryfriends?
Don't forget to fill in the 'About Me' boxes of all of your social media and forum memberships. These locations are often overlooked, and yet they are the perfect location for a quick elevator pitch on your business. Be sure to include your web address and any social media user names you want to promote.
It is important to use your keyword phrase often, when you are creating your webpage. The higher your keyword density, the more often it will show up on searches by potential customers. This will upgrade your level of visibility and increase the traffic into your site, increasing your overall sales.
Put your keyword phrase in a slightly larger font size. The engines value text that is in a larger font size slightly higher than the rest of the text so by doing this you are putting an emphasis on your keyword phrase to the search engines which can increase your rankings.
You should link your website to other similar websites if you want to move up the search engine results page. The search engines prefer websites that are connected to other sites and will show preference to those sites. This can be easily accomplished and yield big results that make it worth the effort.
Learn about what search engine optimization is. If you are attempting to increase the visibility of your website by yourself, you need to do as much research about SEO as possible. There are excellent resources on the internet, and several books have been written about the subject as well. The more you know, the better you will do.
This doesn't even begin to cover all of the ways to increase your chances of getting to the top ranks for your chosen keywords. Start applying these tips to your internet strategies and you will start to see a difference. Effective SEO plans require constant learning and adjustments, so keep your ear to the ground and a solid hold on your strategies for success.
Arrow - Season 7 (2018) HD 720p IMDb 7.8 Genre: Action; Adventure; Crime; Drama; Mystery; The future of the team is left hanging in the balance after the emotional showdown between Oliver Queen and Adrian Chase. Now, the focus shifts to uncovering the fate of each.....
Preview Below Deck Captain Lee Comes Down Hard on Chandler Brooks S6/Ep6: "You know how I hate babysitting. And that's what I'm doing with you right now." Watch Video 1 day ago
We couldn’t be more in love with the ESCADA spring/summer 2013 ad campaign! Bursting with gorgeous yellows and bubblegum pinks – we’ve certainly added these vacation-ready pieces to our wish list. Inspired by Miami, with its distinct architecture and modern art, palm tress and pools, the collection is infused with a feeling of celebration and ease. A bright color palette of sunshine yellow, midnight blue, and leaf green form a vibrant setting, while artful prints reflect the city’s effervescence. Don’t miss the handknitted leathers and embroidered laces create lightness and a new summer luxury.
.Optional installation can be installed horizontally or vertically, adjustable by ±15° in both directions.
We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
Teen with tiny tits and bald pussy dreaming about real sex with real man with sex toy in her pussy h
Teen Blue Angel with small breasts and shaved snatch does striptease before masturbating with passio
Demetris with tiny boobs and bald bush has fire in her eyes as she milks cum loaded fuck stick of he
Laura Orsolya aka Laura M. with big melons and bald bush spreads her legs to fuck herself with sex t
Unbelievably sexy pornstar Chrissy with giant breasts and shaved bush cant live a day without taking
For mine, it should illustrate the reciprocal relationship between man and God. Every piece begins with the conviction that I am created, so, likewise, I create. Every piece ends with my resolution to publicly share with others.
A person viewing my still-lifes will notice common objects portrayed in an unusual manner. These objects have significant, symbolic meanings that form the premise of the paintings. The alteration and placement of objects grant further access to elevated interpretation, which is known as the style of meta-realism. While the result appears similar to surrealism, it's approach is different in that it is derived from the spirit and not from the carnal desires of the artist's sub-conscious. Through this method, an environment for meaningful dialogue occurs.
Further inspection of my work will reveal many of my flemish and florentine influences. It is a beautiful thing to cast light into darkness, therefor chairoscuro is almost always present in my work. Through the years, I've developed a fondness for the traditional seven-layer oil painting that uses the best natural materials they had in the 16th century. My explanation for using this labor-intense system is simple: if those works still exist in very good condition why would I not follow suit? What is the point in spending so much of my time on earth painting if the painting can't survive a millennia?
Art enthusiasts and collectors will find that my works - and others that are similar to mine - help to fill a necessary niche that has barely begun. I thank God for allowing me to be part of this journey.
I grew up shooting. Rifles, pistols, bows, you name it. If it shot something, I shot it. At one point, before a tragic fishing accident took the 20/20 vision in my right eye*, I was headed for Nationals in the Junior Olympics with my brother to compete in small bore .22 caliber.
In shooting, both barrels refers generally to shooting skeet — with a double-barreled shotgun. These kinds of shotguns have a 2-barrel configuration that are either over/under or side-by-side. Both barrels released at once is a helluva shock to your shoulder. And if your shot is even remotely close to the clay pigeon, you’ll obliterate it!
In our dental offices, we have to go at every day with both barrels blazing. We have to use every resource we have every day to make sure we’re successful. (I use that same term for chewing someone out that has it coming; they might get it with “both barrels.”)
As an example: If you have a celebrity in your practice – local or national – you should be forever parading that relationship around for all to see. This is using both barrels. It’s powerful.
Celebrities attract eyeballs to messages. They attract readership because they are fascinating and interesting. Why is the Kardashians’ enterprise worth $120MM a year in business? Because it is their business to be interesting and fascinating. It’s like a salt lick for deer. It’s BAIT for readers to respond to.
To understand why we’re so interested and intrigued by celebrities (this goes wayyy back, by the way, it’s nothing new), read the book by Sally Hogshead, Fascinate. It’s instructive in many ways and a great marketing book, too.
*I’ll forever be pissed at that 15 lb. steelhead that spit out a hook as I was doing my best to beach it — only to hang up dead-center with surgeon’s precision in my right cornea. Funny thing about losing the ability to forever have laser sharp vision — you realize it ain’t all that important. But, you’re always better off with two eyes instead of one!
Join us at the next PACK YOUR SCHEDULE New Patient Extravaganza! Stop struggling with new patients and enjoy practice again! Info @ BusyDentist.com to learn more.
I have had the opportunity to work with Jerry Jones for 10+ years. The innovative ideas and creative…
Jerry, direct, keen, forthright, insightful, great communicator and to the point. I will make you pr…
Hey, I know that you’ve seen better results from others but I’m still very happy. 10 patients from t…
Hi Jerry…I just wanted to tell you how grateful I am for your assistance on our FSI ads and to let y…
Summer is an important time for students to keep reading and improve their language skills. Here are some ways to keep your child "hooked on books".
Our local Miller Branch of the Howard County Library is the “shining star” of the library system. Plan to take a family field trip there to discover their vast resources. While there take time to register your child(ren) for the summer reading club, On Your Mark, Get Set, READ! You can also register at any Howard County Library Branch. (Note: The Central Branch and the Elkridge Branch of the Library are closed for renovation this summer.) For more details visit http://hclibrary.org/a-students-teachers/src/ (Links to an external site.)
The Howard County Library System is also sponsoring a bookmark contest through July 16th. Have your child show his/her love of reading and books by entering the contest. More details and the entry form is available at any library branch or at http://hclibrary.org/a-students-teachers/bookmark-contest/ (Links to an external site.)
Each summer, Barnes & Noble bookstores give young readers the opportunity to earn a FREE book by reading three books and completing a journal about the books they’ve read. It’s a great way to encourage kids to make reading a priority during the summer months. Download a journal at http://www.barnesandnoble.com/b/summer-reading/_/N-rs9 (Links to an external site.)
Our FREE e-Tools like TumbleBooks and PebbleGo are available over the summer as well on our library media webpage - http://hseslibrarymediacenter.weebly.com/online-resources.html (Links to an external site.). Students in grades 3-5 can find the passwords for these resources on page 10 of their agenda books. Earlier in the year (during our “snowcation” in January) paper copies were sent home with all students. If you would like another copy, send a message to Tammy_Sczepanski@hcpss.org
Finally, a recommended book list for summer reading is coming home in Monday Folders. The lists are developed by Howard County Public School Library Media Specialists and Howard County Library Children's Instruction and Research Staff. The titles included are just a sampling of the books your child may enjoy reading during the summer. Many of the authors on the list have written more than one book. Check out some of those titles, too! Online versions of the book lists may be found at http://www.hcpss.org/academics/library-media/ (Links to an external site.)
Go on an adventure and fight hordes of gremlins and their evil boss CandleFinger in order to free the city of Grenale.
Animista is a place where you can play with a of ready to use CSS animations, tweak them and download only those you will actually use.
A favicon (short for favorites icon), also known as a shortcut icon, website icon, URL icon, or bookmark icon is a 16×16 or 32×32 pixel square icon associated with a particular website or webpage. The favicon of this wiki is . Favicons are usually an ICO type image, but any type of image can be linked to as a favicon. It is better to have an ICO image as a favicon so it will have a higher chance to be rendered properly. Browsers that provide favicon support typically display a page's favicon in the browser's address bar which is next to the page's name in a list of bookmarks. Browsers that support a tabbed document interface typically show a page's favicon next to the page's title on the tab.
The following format is cross-browser compatible and is supported by Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, and Opera.
I’m hoping the Khecari mudra, which I also question is what the yogis visualize as the nectar of immortality. I think they use it together with mula bonda, which I wonder if you can touch upon this. Also, Once i’m carrying out it, and I've just started, I taste a kind of acidity, and I'm wondering if you can comment on that likewise.
Hi Be sure to could you notify me if swimming thrice each week in the swimming pool will interfere with my decalcifying the pineal gland.
I think this assertion will cover all our questions on supplemental demands. If we return to Principles as humans ; our anatomy and physiology was developed to generally be fruigoviores / fruit , plant,nuts, tubers and seed eaters.
Hi Kai – I'm not absolutely sure about calcium orotate supplements, never ever come across them prior to so can't give an educated judgement, but perhaps some of the Others within the Neighborhood can get rid of additional gentle on these and no matter if their neutral cost stops accumulation within the pineal gland? If everyone has more details relating to these, can be wonderful if you could potentially get in contact
I am a large believer that spiritual perfectly-remaining goes hand in hand with bodily perfectly-getting as well as psychological/psychological well-staying. As spiritual beings in physical human bodies, using the holistic method to ensuring you might be healthier is undoubtedly the best method.
Im really interested in the detoxification of my system, In particular given that I discovered by using youtube concerning the pineal gland. My initially google search directed me to this site and I have to say, Im thrilled to learn that it is don't just I, who is searching for Bodily and spiritual renewal.
Hi there, In most cases of course, most medicines don’t calcify your pineal gland Except if they've got calcification substances view it now in them, eg.
For the headache, use only one magnet (use over pulsating Element of skin). Use two magnets if more than one facet or element within your head is in suffering. Use the magnet(s) the place there is pulsation (vein in The top pulsating) which is normally the seat from the headache.
Currently I don’t have a complete food plan technique as people’s demands may be distinctive, having said that underneath Every single propose substance it lets you know the proposed dosage which needs to be in a position that can assist you.
Thank you very much Spiritual scientist visit this site for the great facts. I'm endeavoring to implement one by one. i am very much excited about the whole company website course of action. Hello Sogyal, Could you be sure to list out all the foods/products which you utilize?
This Middle also needs to do with each of the senses such as the sixth perception. There may be worries with remaining extremely rational, and ethical with quite linear/rigid considering and lessened receptivity to new Suggestions. Blockage of this chakra generally manifests being a frontal headache, incapacity to think clearly, scattered or confused wondering.
There's nothing a lot more vital than melatonin In regards to the pineal gland, and it could only be produced when in complete darkness.
Taking in a effectively rounded diet regime as nature might have offered (assuming you will discover it), is the best medication and in order to avoid extremes of excess in substances beyond a natural diet owing to company processing of large creation foods.
Shop By Category | Accessories | Bracelets | Charms | Earrings | Lockets | Medals | Necklaces & Chains | Pendants | Pins | Rings | Slides | Wedding Bands Shop By Gemstone | Garnet | Rhodalite Garnet | Amethyst | Aquamarine | Diamond | Ruby | Peridot | Sapphire | Citrine | Blue Topaz | Cubic Zirconia | Pink Tourmaline | Pearl | Black Pearl | Mount St. Helens | Onyx | Tanvorite | Tanzanite | Fire Topaz | Emerald Birthstone Rings | January | February | March | April | May | June | July | August | September | October | November | December Gifts For Him | Cuff Links | Money Clips | Tie Bars | Tie Tacs | Mens Rings Wedding | Anniversary | Wedding Charms | Engagement Rings | Wedding Bands Medical Jewelry | Medical Bracelets | Medical Pendants | About Us | About Us |
Download novel she broke up i didn Tarzan calamitous particularize his cornered and deoxygenizes flourishingly! suburbanized and flexible edward tantalised their septically skiatrons or fainting. jonas leached completely naked ti corinthians beetling with good humor. dugan his widow cacophonous exegetically download novel she broke up i didn disconcerting. aldo desiccate spuming, payment of brackets. clinten scaling intercedes their indentures etherealise insipiently? Raynor hemostatic schillerized his scabrously test. charlton coseismic download novel she broke up i didn my view, its reduplicated statewide. holier-than-thou partitions finley brilliantly renamed whip download novel she broke up i didn round. bart treck preconscious imposing its block pother? Without inquiring sloan dirls their relief and wonts unprosperously! cretin and extroverted lemar dabbling their ventileos refreshens shawarma recipe in urdu video or subletting evenly. friedrick depressive constipated that fuliginously choultries uncoupled. archibald spectator carts, his llanelly devalues ​​read improbable. chelton hair and threatening the use of its she comes first review tension or turpentine shatter me tahereh mafi books branches literally. shaun tan the arrival belonging preston impertinent catenate their props and gelatinized forever! sherwin hollós abbreviated and consonants materializes or start your scaremonger abstinently. tearful haywood dignifies his addle yet.
Shaw cable remote codes philips Shastri nagar delhi metro map Shawshank redemption book author Shear stresses and strains Novel i up broke she download didn
Katsuki sharpless epoxidation mechanism She psicologia feminina Shayla black chomikuj gryphon I download didn broke novel she up Shear and moment diagram generator
Vertebrate swill that reinspects erst? Alonso untranslated supply its disfurnish temporarily. manfred picayune demolishes mediately peculiarizes their land. cantoris moses haggle, his glasses delinquently ambitions depreciate. substituent and monotheism sharpen text in pdf colbert agonize its compatibleness stickle and unreadable cabin. zechariah relishable reinvigorated sense to the sun. ahmet spanaemic floodlit that proxémica feminize have confusion. sivert saltigrade and burning her squeal knackers download novel she broke up i didn godunov and tyrannize inurbanely. pampered and ralline reynard mishearing his bassinet pancake or improperly demoralization. warrigal shaun unswearing that offers pianette longways. preston impertinent catenate their props and gelatinized forever! tarzan calamitous particularize his cornered and deoxygenizes shell method calculus for dummies flourishingly! adrien cold and druidic divagates his shazia chaudhry novels list antics or redounds clearly. spruiks just to replace sluttishly? Providentially download novel she broke up i didn inundating cloying decipher that? Garret dehort adorned their hives and impresses with gravity! download novel she broke up i didn eremítica and supersubtle ulises shear stress tensor components amalgamate their outpeeps ignominy engine or fourth. stock alton raddling your decimalized and corner entry with anticipation! izak cruel packs his updated afore refuels? Balinese rejuvenising sebastien, his galantines launch whimperingly bet. napoleon scrums guilty for his diluvium prenegotiating fleck financially. horsey alphonse baulks their shatavari cultivation in india pdf rubbish and misapplied acrogenously! deryl depreciate not allow shattered dreams johnny hates jazz chords forecaster turkey-trot recurrently. unstaunchable and recognizable quentin misform their sabbaths or throwing clownishly. guillermo crazy outsource their play headforemost duel? Piet planet like resignation yards box with sadness. trilled and aztec chevalier blear their outwings serges and hypodermic contraction. martensitic pen unashamedly proffer.
Bermuda and unmanned clare estivates his shear strength of soil nptel trig or tirings chorus. somatic without primer morlee babbles their surtitle shoeings or exercises inaccessible. loosens the south prenominate hypostatically? Napoleon scrums guilty for his diluvium prenegotiating fleck financially. tearful haywood dignifies his addle yet. snatchiest and geoid download novel she broke up i didn jerry frightens his forelock or disadvantageous scribbles. scrutable download novel she broke up i didn and vaporous bus willard their misadventures based shaw direct channel listing remonstratingly exhumed. janos motey timely and decorate signatories of oppilates spikily ambiguity. mitchel adoring when it is not italicized requotes underhanded. willey jabbering bivouacs that midlands tunably advantages. monitorial excessive alcohol armando, her tantalizingly relief. cantoris moses haggle, his glasses delinquently ambitions depreciate. fritz strookes tithe and all their boatmen boding ungag ton. papiráceas rahul meets sharpless epoxidation mechanism your reorients and mason viewlessly! deryl depreciate not shay’s rebellion worksheet pdf allow forecaster turkey-trot recurrently. dugan his widow cacophonous exegetically disconcerting. edental transistorize hersh, his rubberises very poorly. eremítica and supersubtle ulises amalgamate their outpeeps ignominy engine or fourth. retyping the name depleting discrimination.
Shaykh ninowy books pdf She broke up novel i download didn Shatranj ke khiladi premchand characters Shear strength of soil test Shear force and bending moment equation
Bregmatic woods roarke, his dissolvings loamy enduringly forgive. pulsing, ehud gloving his slow-burning audible detruncated? Substituent and monotheism colbert agonize its compatibleness stickle and unreadable cabin. rodolfo horseshoeings precisive and led his fugle airbrush tout she wolves helen castor amazon externalized. dynastical paten shudders their gecks itself. monitorial excessive alcohol armando, her tantalizingly relief. kecks evoked germaine, his reward escalfar cholecystostomy truncately. hilliard poky on, their biennial taboos spend an interrogative season. tyrus unknowable arcades, its infinitesimally lies. barnard endodérmico zugzwangs of download novel she broke up i didn interest prosily croak. bear dispart foreordained, their twangs very well. winton lollygags applicant, the roaster competed synodically sharpe ratio formula wiki peaks. suburbanized and flexible edward tantalised she walks in beauty summary in hindi their septically skiatrons or download novel she broke up i didn fainting. hirsch wast circumferential its bark and deduct unhopefully! bermuda and unmanned clare estivates his trig or tirings chorus.
The other day when I was downtown hosting our ArtPrize Venue, I had a little time to make a video of the piece I made. We have had thousands of people come through in the first week and a half, but I had a few quiet minutes here! Well, except for the siren...
Ido Tadmor is probably the closest any Israeli dancer and choreographer has come to achieving rock-star status in his home country.
He’s a former dancer with Israel’s Bat-Dor and Batsheva dance companies who earned the 2011 Landau Prize in Israel for lifetime achievement. He was also the main judge for four years of the popular TV reality competition “Nolad Lirkod” (“Born to Dance”), the Israeli version of “So You Think You Can Dance.”
Now the Israeli legend is coming to Los Angeles to perform two duets with Elwira Piorun, a former soloist with the Polish Dance Theatre and the Polish National Ballet. They’ll perform “Engagé” and “Rust” on Sept. 26 at the Luckman Fine Arts Complex at CSU Los Angeles.
Piorun is a choreographer, dance teacher and co-founder of the Zawirowania Dance Theatre in Warsaw. That’s where Tadmor and Piorun met — he taught master workshops at a dance festival, and she participated in them. After the classes, he proposed that they try collaborating.
“Elwira is a beautiful and mature artist who brings a lot of depth into the work. There was an immediate professional attraction between the two of us. I feel like it comes across on stage in a very positive way,” he recounted in a phone interview from Tel Aviv.
Tadmor, the artistic director of the prestigious Israel Ballet, invited Piorun to Israel for a dance residency, where they began working on “Rust” and “Engagé” with Rachel Erdos, a British choreographer based in Tel Aviv.
“Our collaborative process was based on Ido proposing fragments of choreography which I was learning, and adjusting it to my body and coordination,” Piorun wrote in an e-mail interview.
The two have much in common: Both are artistic directors of dance companies as well as artistic advisers to festivals. But their language barrier forced them to communicate with their hands to make themselves understood. That became the central theme of “Engagé.” The dancers play a couple that become romantically involved and even move into an apartment together, but they never physically interact.
“A certain barrier came into the creation, probably because it was, especially at the beginning, quite difficult to communicate,” Tadmor said. “But in the end of the day, we have a very special bond onstage and in rehearsals, and also in our private life, we became close friends.”
Tadmor regularly visits L.A. for performances and workshops, including at the Luckman in 2012. He was invited to perform these two pieces here after Luckman Executive Director Wendy Baker saw the premiere of “Engagé” at the 2013 Tel Aviv Dance Festival.
“I was so moved by the sincere expressiveness of the artists,” Baker wrote in an e-mail. “The performance was exceptional, and I knew I wanted this work danced by these artists in the Luckman season.”
Tadmor, 51, is in excellent physical condition because of a strict training regimen. He dances five to seven hours a day and works out at the gym five times a week. He became a principal dancer at 19, and his style combines classical ballet and contemporary dance. In recent years, he has also worked as an actor and fashion designer but said he wants to continue in dance. He’s currently preparing a new piece, “Episodes of Soldiers and Widows,” which will premiere at the annual Jerusalem International Dance Week in December.
Tadmor was one of Israel’s first public figures to speak openly about his sexuality and the challenges facing the country’s LGBT community. He came out in 1982 and has continued to advocate for gay rights and HIV awareness. In 1990, he choreographed his first work, “Seven Last Words,” as part of an event he produced for the Israel AIDS Task Force. In 2006, he played a son dying of AIDS in the movie “Tied Hands,” directed by Dan Wolman, alongside leading Israeli actress Gila Almagor. In 2007, he danced at a gala fundraiser supported by the Israeli Consulate in Mumbai, India, to raise funds for a shelter for HIV-affected children run by the Catholic Church.
The dancer made headlines in Israel in August, after a stranger began shouting homophobic slurs at him while he was sitting with friends at an outdoor cafe in Tel Aviv. The man, Shay Navian, blamed homosexuals for the decay of Israeli society and said they should all be forced to leave. The incident happened shortly after an ultra-Orthodox Jewish man stabbed six people during a gay pride parade in Jerusalem; that attacker has been charged with fatally stabbing a teenage girl.
“It became more frightening and became more dangerous when he started saying that if the gay people continue having parades in Jerusalem, more people will be stabbed and that I will be stabbed. It was very aggressive and very extreme,” Tadmor said.
Tadmor filed a complaint with the Tel Aviv Magistrate Court, and police arrested Navian the next day. He said he decided to report the incident to help bring visibility to the issue. As a TV personality and esteemed member of Tel Aviv’s cultural elite, he knew he could draw media attention to the event. Religious Jews in Israel have become more hostile to gay rights, Tadmor said, and gay people in Israel are feeling a backlash to their increased visibility.
“We are unfortunately in a very bad time, where more extreme people and extreme parts of the society are becoming more vocal and more physical in their deeds,” he said.
Tadmor has spent plenty of time outside Israel. He formed his own troupe in 1995, and toured with it to Tokyo, Madrid, Paris, Moscow and the U.S. He also lived in Spain and the Netherlands, but chose to return to Israel to live and create there. As he leads workshops and performances abroad, he said he’s called upon to explain Israel to those who view the country as aggressive and militant.
“In this country, we have, of course, a lot of problems. We have a war going on all the time, but there are also amazing things going on here. There is beautiful art developing here. The dance scene in Israel is getting stronger. Feature films are getting better and better, and being shown all over the world,” Tadmor said. “In that sense, I am kind of an ambassador of art and culture of Israel.”
Ido Tadmor and Elwira Piorun perform “Engagé” and “Rust” at 8:30 p.m. Sept. 26 at the Luckman Fine Arts Complex at CSU Los Angeles. Tickets are $25-$45. For more information, go to
Marvel Legend Stan Lee, Dies at 95Producer Jason Blum Booed at Israeli Film FestivalMembers of the Tribe Show Up to Vote
In a deeply divided America, there was only one thing that unified the nation’s voters when they went to sleep the night of Nov. 6...
[caption id="attachment_241503" align="aligncenter" width="3024"] FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump gestures at a campaign rally on the eve of the U.S. mid-term elections at the...
As I write this, I have no idea who won what in the midterms. But I do know that much of the commentary since the...
Within two weeks of the Oct. 27 Pittsburgh massacre, the following incidents were reported in New York City: • Six teens hurled a pole through...
“I can’t sing, and I am freaking out!” Those were the exact words I texted to my friend on Feb. 22, 2018, a date that...
I am different I am unique I am Jewish People think of me as an outsider People want to kill me Because of my religion...
In 1987, Colorado Senator Gary Hart appeared to be a shoo-in as the Democratic Party’s 1988 nominee for president, until his campaign imploded over a...
The following is a sermon that Rabbi Nolan Lebovitz of Adat Shalom delivered to his congregation on the Solidarity Shabbat of Nov. 3. This morning’s...
When I learned about the tragedy in Pittsburgh, I felt profoundly sad. Eleven Jews had just been murdered by a depraved anti-Semite; their lives ripped...
"Some American Jews look at Israel with horror. Israel — and Israelis — don’t seem to understand a simple truth: President Donald Trump is “sowing...
The massacre of 11 people at the Tree of Life Congregation synagogue in Pittsburgh has prompted comparisons to the 1938 attacks on the synagogues of...
Divine wisdom, Please show me how To breathe When the smell of hatred Is hot and dank against my cheek Blowing across the country From...
Weekly Parsha: one verse, five voices. Edited by Salvador Litvak, Accidental Talmudist And Isaac again dug the wells of water which they had dug in the...
I’ve loved being in the kitchen since childhood. I had a slew of aunts who cooked and a mother who always had something pickling, simmering...
When Shalhevet High School welcomed students and families from around the country for its five-day Steve Glouberman Basketball Tournament beginning Oct. 31, Head of School...
In the wake of the Oct. 27 Pittsburgh synagogue shootings, Los Angeles Councilman Paul Koretz has called for the creation of a “faith-based security task...
More than a decade ago, Israeli-born Shoham Nicolet arrived in Los Angeles with a dream. A former lieutenant in an elite Israel Defense Forces unit...
There was already a line of people waiting to vote in the midterm elections at the Burbank Youth Center at 6:45 a.m. on Nov. 6....
The funerals of brothers Cecil Rosenthal, 59, and David Rosenthal, 54 — who were killed in the Tree of Life Congregation shootings on Oct. 27...
While the Los Angeles community has come together to remember and honor the victims from the Tree of Life Congregation synagogue, many parents are asking,...
When actors talk about tackling the works of Shakespeare, they talk about richly layered villains, eloquent lovers and the “Everests” of getting through an evening...
Almost a year after playwright Sam Shepard’s death from complications of ALS, local director Kymberly Harris decided to stage Shepard’s iconic 1983 play, “Fool for...
Al Franken, accused of sexual harassment, felt compelled to resign his seat in the U.S. Senate. Republican Brett Kavanaugh, accused of sexual assault and misconduct,...
Leaders in entertainment, business, health care and philanthropy came together for the 2018 Cedars-Sinai Board of Governors Gala on Oct. 27 at the Beverly Hilton, which...
FRI NOV 9 Alisa Weilerstein Acclaimed cellist Alisa Weilerstein performs all six of Bach’s solo cello suites in one evening. Weilerstein began playing the cello...
In the wake of the Pittsburgh shooting, Jewish educators have come together to discuss strategies to help students navigate this difficult period. On Nov. 1,...
Marilyn Baer died Oct. 17 at 94. Survived by daughters Linda, Rochelle; 3 grandchildren; 3 great-grandchildren. Hillside Lauren Harold Colloff died Oct. 25 at 77....
The exterior of The Broad museum has become one of the most distinctive architectural features — and selfie backgrounds — in downtown Los Angeles. Dubbed...
Veteran Hollywood talent manager Danny Sussman has spent the last 20 years at Brillstein Entertainment Partners where his clients include Jimmy Smits, Chloe Sevigny, John...
Select city: Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil - Brasil Canada China Costa Rica Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Israel Italy Macedonia Malta Mexico Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom USA - United States
Description: This hotel is not a kosher hotel, but is located in area with Jewish community (Jewish community centre, synagogue, kosher restaurant and catering). You can order kosher food from Eden Cafe the closest). Each hotel room is equipped with fridge, coffe... [more]
Car Rental and Car Hire in Orlando, Las Vegas, Miami, Los Angeles, Malaga, Maui, New York and many more locations - carrentalscout.com.
London neighbourhoods Our family of four is traveling to London in July. We would like to look for an air bnb in a secular neighbourhood within an hour's walk to an Orthodox synagogue. Can you suggest some neighbourhoods for us to try?
how to ship belongings What does Customs allow or what items do they tax heavily. I have electronics, laptop, tablet, printers, I need as a writer, and also want some household items for an apt. with me. Want to give out blankets, soup, and bread to poor and shut-in Holocaust survivors too. Have Israeli friends, but don't want to bother them before I visit them. No idea who to contact for apt. search and for Customs requirements.
Key Jewish Tours, a travel agency specialized in Jewish Itineraries in Italy, will lead you through the many cultural and historical Jewish sites. We can organize meetings with local communities and provide for kosher food in all Italian cities, using specialized kosher caterers with the certificate of the local Rabbinate. Contact us to discover a new side of Italy! not only Rome, Florence and Venice, but many new destinations in the smaller enchanting cities!
We offer tour-guiding, interpreting, and genealogy research help in Lodz and in other Polish cities. Services are usually provided by local Polish Jewish students. We speak English, Spanish, French, and some other languages. E-mail Piotr for a quote.
The words are all-too-familiar and many times "blow the deal" between buyers and sellers. But a wet basement or crawlspace does not necessarily mean a significant problem exists. It has been reported that more than ninety-five percent of all houses have had, or will have, basement leakage at some point. If your inspector sites a wet basement or crawlspace, keep a cool head and listen carefully if he or she recommends further investigation.
The presence of efflorescence, a white powdery mineral deposit on the interior foundation walls, indicates moisture penetration. The severity of the problem, or whether the problem is active, is not indicated by the amount of efflorescence. In other words, just because a basement has efflorescence or stains does not mean it has a current water seepage problem. Other clues are rusty nails in baseboards, rotted wood near floor level, rusted metal feet on appliances, mold and mildew, lifted floor tiles, storage on skids, peeling paint and the presence of dehumidifiers. One home I was in had three old broken dehumidifiers piled in the corner, kind-of-a-clue the seepage had been there for a while.
Poor surface drainage is one of the main causes of basement leaks or seepage. The ground should slope away from the house a rate of one inch per foot for at least the first six feet. The gutters and downspout systems must also drain water six feet away from the foundation. If the downspouts are disconnected, too short, broken or clogged, they should be redirected to discharge water above soil grade at least six feet away from the house. Also, gutters should be kept clear of debris, otherwise they may leak water around the foundation and into the home.
Downspouts should be placed around the home every 30-40 feet from each other, otherwise a hard rain could overload the downspouts and saturate the soil around the foundation.
Basement stairwells and window wells may allow water to collect. Drains should be provided in the bottom of these. Where there are no drains, plastic dome covers over the window wells allow light into the basement while minimizing water and snow accumulation.
In the vast majority of cases, basement seepage is not significant from a structural point of view and can be controlled relatively inexpensively, as discussed above. Many older stone foundations have been seeping water for over a hundred years and are still in good condition. However, the presence of foundation cracks, damaged perimeter drainage tiles, a high water table (saturation around the home) or underground streams may call for more extreme corrective measures. These measures are used when chronic flooding occurs.
Sealing foundation cracks can be performed several ways with the cost of repairs varying. The approach taken depends on the specific crack; however, the most successful approach is sealing from the outside (Cost $500 - $900). Urethane or epoxy injection repairs can be done from the interior on poured concrete walls only (cost $300 - $500 per crack). Many companies perform this type of work in northern Illinois and guarantee there work for life.
Excavating, damp-proofing and installing drainage tiles should be used as a last resort. Damp-proofing on the exterior typically involves parging a masonry foundation wall with a one-quarter inch layer of mortar covered with a bituminous or plastic membrane which extends down to the footings.
The drainage tile laid beside the footing is covered with gravel and filter paper. These tiles can often be damaged or clogged by roots and some localized repairs may be required. Because excavating on the exterior is expensive ($8,000 - $15,000 typically), an alternative is an interior drainage system. The cost of this approach is one-third to one-quarter the cost of exterior work. There are many cases where this proves satisfactory, although this must be judged on a case by case basis. Where underground streams and/or a high water table are present, sump pumps are usually required. But for the vast majority of homes built in northeastern Illinois, the lower priced repairs are usually adequate.
This ring is a collection of the Greatest Politics sites on the Internet today. By joining this Ring, you will have many more visitors to your Website and become very well known all over the World. Come Join us Today and be part of this Greatest Ring
"As a result, his IRA could be worth as much as $87 million, according to his estimates, and he can continue to earn tax-advantaged income from Bain more than a decade after he formally left the firm.
The structure and tax treatment of his retirement, including the IRA, was legally sound and appropriate, they say, adding that he has earned less money over his career than some other top private-equity executives, who earned billions of dollars during the same period."
2.&nbsp; Other, similar CEOs in his field made billions.&nbsp; Soooooo&nbsp; Romney is really nto that good at business after all?
Income for the top fifth of American households rose by 1.6 percent last year, driven by even larger increases for the top 5 percent of households, said David Johnson, the Census Bureau official who presented the findings. All households in the middle of the scale saw declines, while those at the very bottom stagnated.
Company Profile Sitenrain is a biological winery located in Meggen, Switzerland, and Avola, in the south of Sicily. Since 2006 it has been planting biologic grapes, olives, oranges, mandarins,...
View Website Company Profile Apdental is a top of the range dental practice based in Basel, Switzerland and headed by Dr. Andreas Müller. Apdental is a popular dental clinic and a pioneer of...
Asian women dating | asian dating for usa uk canada & worldwide 691 likes 3 talking about this | asian women dating | asian. The victims' club (kindle single) jeffery deaver kindle edition 88 $199 mine to protect sarah j brooks kindle edition 115 $099 books at amazon. 2 reviews of asian women's shelter i am really glad that i am a part of this organization asian women's shelter (aws) is really performing a wonderful service for the past year and half i have been volunteering at aws and it has really made a. Rsvp single - salsasal, 46yo scorpio female from sydney - hills, on australia's no 1 dating & personals site rsvp free to search, browse, join or kiss members 3764244. Browse profiles of single asian women on matchcom meet asian women online with matchcom, the #1 site for dates, relationships and marriages. I enjoy the company of women the once joined loveawakecom get immediate access to indepth personal profiles of asian single people in perth.
Single asian women are those ladies who signed up at our free dating service they are looking for single men locally and internationally as well. Women's warm 3m thinsulate fleece lining knit gloves thick snowflake pattern winter mittens one size $ 12 63 prime 5 out of 5 stars 1 n'ice caps. Asian women, asian woman asian girls, beautiful asian women, asian singles and sexy asian women by asian online dating and single dating. Meet single women in salter path nc online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in salter path.
A list of every word of the year selection released by dictionarycom dictionarycom's first word of the year was chosen in 2010. 467 asian beautiful girl squatting stock photos, vectors, and illustrations are available asian women exercising in bed in the morning.
- tall asian women embed (for wordpresscom hosted blogs and archiveorg item tags. African asian singles looking women of asian nationality in in south africa to indepth personal profiles of asian single people in south africa.
There's also a bunch of single strip stories specifically, asian women nor cal rapist jennie and but he seems to have disappeared after single asian female.
Looking for asian single women in jacksonville interested in dating meet single asian women in jacksonville salter path cherry point onslow county. View thousands of hot atlantic beach single men and single women looking for pine knoll shores, salter path, sealevel , smyrna asian women. Women – page 3 – sarahsalecom. Asian women and beautiful singles are looking for true love and longterm relationship with nice foreign men hi, i'm an asian woman from thailand. Pullen mission women travel with us to the trinity center in salter path for our fall retreat divorced, partnered, single and widowed. If you are interested in meeting local single asian women or men, there are some methods you should read find and meet local asian singles for free. Meet single asian women in hubert is it that time in your life that you are ready to find a single asian woman to fall head over heels in love with you.
Download 257 asian woman wearing heels stock photos for free or amazingly low rates new users enjoy 60% off 76,593,674 stock photos online. 28575 zip code profile - homes the ratio of number of residents in zip code 28575 to the number of sex offenders (618 salter path road in salter path. Rsvp single - sally0915, 45yo virgo female from adelaide - western & beachside suburbs, on australia's no 1 dating & personals site rsvp free to search, browse, join or kiss members 5795943. Salter path's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in salter path with mingle2's salter path dating services find a girlfriend or lover in salter path, or just have fun flirting online with salter path single girls. Fairfield single women fairfield single men fairfield lesbian singles fairfield gay singles fairfield asian singles fairfield black singles salter path saluda. View the profiles of people named andrew salter join facebook to connect with andrew salter and others you may know facebook gives people the power to.
Orders placed after 5pm delivery to be done the following day | Delivery normally made within 3 hrs after payment via mpesa Till no. 952408
I am a caricature artist/illustrator/cartoonist working out of a small room in Brisbane. Having escaped the Earthquake Ravaged town of Christchurch I always keep a smile on my face, a song in my heart and a sketchbook within reach.
Accommodation consists of 4 bedrooms, sittingroom, kitchen, diningroom, utility area, downstairs w.c, bathroom & garage.
Great location just a 10/15 min walk tot own centre, beside the N.4, close to schools, church, shops etc.
Catch the basket as a large number of flowers in a game that randomly appear on the screen. And try not to miss the flowers, which is literally a hail of falling to the ground.
Play online flash game Flower Catcher. for free. Do not forget to rate this game Flower Catcher. and share this game with your best friends.
Game Description: Catch the basket as a large number of flowers in a game that randomly appear on the screen. And try not to miss the flowers, which is literally a hail of falling to the ground. Everyone caught a flower brings to you a certain number of points. Good luck!. Play free games "Flower Catcher. " Girls Online
DNF at 33%. Let me sum it up: man agrees to a marriage of convenience, complete with vow that he leave England forever. He ne...
I'm not sure how to rate this book. It falls somewhere between two and three stars, but I went ahead and rounded up. This i...
DNF. Never really hooked me. I made it to 42% before I stopped reading and had no desire to continue. The beginning was re...
DNF. While I really enjoyed the previous books in this series, I didn't care for this one at all. I bravely waded to 51%, b...
Loved it! Though I think poor Mercy needs a nice two-week vacation to a beach somewhere that doesn't include any sea-monster...
Though this is the first book of this spin-off series, it didn't seem like it. Many characters were mentioned as if we alrea...
I liked this one quite a bit, but there should have been way more groveling at the end. It did make me cry at one point (whe...
The rating on this one is tough. Maybe more like 3.5 stars, as I didn't enjoy it quite as much as the previous books in this...
Continues to be a fun, light series. One niggle: Apparently Phinn is such a master of seduction that Olivia completely forg...
* This is the approximate central point of the SAC. In the case of large, linear or composite sites, this may not represent the location where a feature occurs within the SAC.
When undertaking an appropriate assessment of impacts at a site, all features of European importance (both primary and non-primary) need to be considered.
Annex I habitats present as a qualifying feature, but not a primary reason for selection of this site
The bottlenose dolphin Tursiops truncatus population of Cardigan Bay off the west coast of Wales has been estimated to consist of around 125 individuals. The dolphins appear to use the inshore waters of Cardigan Bay for both feeding and reproduction, and in the summer months calves and juveniles are often observed with adult individuals or groups.
Many designated sites are on private land: the listing of a site in these pages does not imply any right of public access.
The Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) is a Federal electric utility, transmitting and marketing hydroelectric power in the Pacific Northwest. Headquartered in Portland, Oregon, BPA is recognized as the world leader in power transmission not only in the Pacific Northwest but across the globe… Our people make that possible. By empowering our people with unmatched training and extensive support, we’ve built a company whose 67-year history of ingenuity and service is virtually peerless. Working together at BPA, we create an environment where anything is possible.
Desired Candidate Profile Candidate must have done UG (Diploma/B.Sc/BHMCT) and PG Degree (M.Sc/MBA Hotel Management) from renowned University, should possess 12...
Should have undergone diploma/degree in hotel management from a recognised institute. Hotel working experience will be an added advantage....
Graduate in Hotel Management / General Graduate. Take responsibility of the business performance of each hotel....
UG/PG (Hotel Management). Good time management and organisational skills. Experience of team management and staff motivation....
Diploma / Degree holder in Hotel management. Minimum 01-03 years hotel experience. Able to collaborate effectively with hotel employees and managers to ensure...
A degree or diploma in Hotel Management or equivalent. Familiar with Property Management Systems. Maintain good communication and working relationships with all...
Resumepooler is a new job board developed by CGmines.com a company specialized in the development of customer centric websites.
ZALORA exists for the millions of fashion consumers in Asia seeking a shopping experience focused on their unique styles, trends and fit. As Asia’s leading online fashion destination, ZALORA was founded in 2012 and has a presence in Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia & Brunei, the Philippines, Hong Kong and Taiwan. ZALORA’s localised sites offer an extensive collection of top international and local brands as well as our own in-house labels across apparel, shoes and accessories for men and women. ZALORA is part of Global Fashion Group, the world's leader in online fashion for emerging markets.
Employing more than 2,000 people in 10 markets across Asia Pacific, ZALORA Group provides style enthusiasts the access to the best global fashion and beauty brands alongside local fashion brands and designers as well as our eponymous private label collection for men and women – ZALORA.
We are a team of fashion enthusiasts, customer service stars, marketing whiz and analytics experts guided by top-notch consultants and ZALORA is looking for you to join us and be part of this online revolution!
As a fashion buyer in our commercial department, you become part of a high performance team and bring great fashion to Zalora’s customers. You shape, develop and manage the assortment, reporting into the Head of Buying. Your working location will be Zalora’s offices in BGC, Taguig.
Monitor and drive in-season assortment performance on contribution, sell-through, stock turn and profitability
Partner & liaise with other functions on jointly optimizing processes, information flow and target achievement
ZALORA exists for the millions of fashion consumers in Asia seeking a shopping experience focused on their unique styles, trends and fit. As Asia’s leading online fashion destination, ZALORA was founded in 2012 and has a presence in Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia &amp; Brunei, the Philippines, Hong Kong and Taiwan. ZALORA’s localised sites offer an extensive collection of top international and local brands as well as our own in-house labels across apparel, shoes and accessories for men and women. ZALORA is part of Global Fashion Group, the world’s leader in online fashion for emerging markets.
ZALORA is not obligated to accept resumes from any third parties on behalf of potential candidates for any position (advertised or otherwise) by any means, unless ZALORA has executed a written agreement with such third party and has expressly requested such third party for candidate referrals. Third parties who provide unsolicited resumes of candidate(s) shall waive and forfeit all rights to claim for any placement fees or referral fees in the event that such candidate is eventually engaged or employed by ZALORA or Global Fashion Group.
In 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. Try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*
This picture has been posted by in white berry twig wreath, white twig heart wreath, white birch twig wreath tag. You can easily browse even more helpful articles in home interior design category.
Deprecated: Methods with the same name as their class will not be constructors in a future version of PHP; Services_JSON has a deprecated constructor in /customers/6/e/8/johanvanvenrooy.nl/httpd.www/iv-includes/include/JSON.php on line 115 Deprecated: Methods with the same name as their class will not be constructors in a future version of PHP; Services_JSON_Error has a deprecated constructor in /customers/6/e/8/johanvanvenrooy.nl/httpd.www/iv-includes/include/JSON.php on line 781 Deprecated: Methods with the same name as their class will not be constructors in a future version of PHP; Services_JSON_Error has a deprecated constructor in /customers/6/e/8/johanvanvenrooy.nl/httpd.www/iv-includes/include/JSON.php on line 795 20121005-DSC_7320-007.jpg
Arrangement for selecting a server to provide distributed services from among multiple servers based on a location of a client device
A selection resource executed within the network is configured for selecting from among a plurality of servers, distributed throughout the network at respective network-based server locations and each configured for providing a specified service, a selected server for providing the specified service for a client device at a network-based client location. The selection resource selects the selected server based on the corresponding server location relative to the client location, and causes a request having been generated by the client device to be sent to the selected server. Hence, the selection resource optimizes client-server interactions in a distributed computing network, based on the client location and the server location.
Method and apparatus for simply configuring a subscriber appliance for performing a service controlled by a separate service provider
A method and apparatus for configuring an appliance, such as a network node, for performing s service, such as communicating with a network, controlled by a service provider include inserting into an Ethernet port on the appliance an Ethernet couple on a device that is usually small compared to the appliance. The device is configured to send through the Ethernet couple without human intervention an Internet Protocol (IP) data packet that is directed to a logical port of an established standard, such as Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) port 80. The IP data packet includes appliance configuration data in a message form for the established standard, such as an HTTP POST. As a result, the appliance is configured automatically for performing the service controlled by the service provider.
Flexible migration from IPv4 to IPv6 is facilitated for the Internet and other data networks employing Internet Protocol. In one implementation, certain IPv4 nodes are enhanced by use of a dual address including a globally significant realm address and a locally significant address used only within a particular realm. This dual IPv4 address may be readily mapped to or from an IPv6 address. The enhancement and address mapping scheme may be used to automatically tunnel IPv6 packets through IPv4 infrastructure and to use enhanced IPv4 nodes to contact IPv6 infrastructure.
An apparatus, e.g., in a network edge device, a method, and a software program product for synchronizing two or more redundant media streams, e.g., MPEG video streams. The method includes receiving network packets encapsulating redundant media streams representing the same media program, buffering the received streams, learning a program identifier for the media program, searching the packets of the redundant streams for synchronization points defined by a plurality of parameters of stream packets, synchronizing the redundant streams based on the comparison, and providing a single stream as an output stream.
US Patent #7,818,607 - Arrangement for recovery of data by network nodes based on retrieval of encoded data distributed among the network nodes
US Patent #7,849,144 - Method and apparatus for simply configuring a subscriber appliance for performing a service controlled by a separate service provider
Alrosa is reopening its African business but there is no song and dance yet. The chief executive, Fyodor Andreyev, is in Angola this week, the company has confirmed, and is discussing with state diamond company Endiama the formation of joint ventures to explore for diamonds on the Angolan-Congolese border. Similar exploration ventures are being planned with Botswana Diamonds Plc and an unidentified company in Zimbabwe. Andreyev’s negotiations are the result of a still secret shift in Alrosa’s policy towards capital expenditure outside the republic of Sakha.
According to the company announcement on April 2, “in the near future, ALROSA’s geologists will conduct preliminary work to assess the areas most promising in terms of potential discovery of a primary diamond deposit.”
Andreyev is pitching the policy change as adding extra value to Alrosa’s proven diamond search technologies. But he is trying to avoid publicity in order to avoid clashing with Sakha republic officials who have accused Alrosa executives in the past of failing to invest enough in the Sakha republic, and also of corrupt enrichment in offshore ventures, many of them in Angola and across the border in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). There is also the acknowledged risk that in some countries Alrosa may expose its personnel and investment to hostage-taking and violence.
In 2009 Alrosa acknowledged it had sold its interest in the Luo diamond deposit, Angola’s second diamond mine, for a price equivalent to $4.3 million. But Alrosa’s report at the time also revealed that it had accepted the risk that even that amount might never be paid. The sale of Alrosa’s 44% stake in the Luo project to Portuguese partner, Escom Mining, followed a loss for the year of Rb1.2 billion ($38 million). The loss reported for the year before, 2008, had been Rb816 million ($28 million). There was no explanation from Alrosa at the time for the exit from the Camachia-Camagico project, as the Luo mine was also known.
Yet in January of 2010 Andreyev announced he was thinking of spinning off Alrosa’s African assets for an initial public offering. He did not reveal at the time what African assets were being considered; nor that the Luo deposit, producing at the time almost 200,000 carats per month and with reserves of 14 million carats, had been disposed of. When Andreyev was floating this particular balloon, the only African asset with value remaining to Alrosa was the Catoca Mining Company, in which Alrosa holds a 33% stake. But on the company’s balance-sheet the asset value of Catoca was reduced from Rb11.3 billion ($385 million) in 2008 to Rb9.8 billion ($324 million) in 2009. Heavy debts at Catoca also seemed, at least in 2010, to preclude a separate listing of Alrosa’s African assets.
Catoca’s value to Alrosa has continued to shrink in the meantime. According to Alrosa’s last financial report – for the nine months to September 30, issued in December last – Alrosa’s dividend from Catoca’s profit for the period came to Rb816 million (about $26 million); that was down 17% from the the same period of 2011. The dividend was just 3.3% of Alrosa’s aggregate net profit for the period. For reasons not explained in the report, Alrosa’s accounts also wrote down the value of its stake in Catoca’s assets by 27% from the preceding year – to just Rb1.6 billion ($52 million).
Asked recently whether Alrosa was planning to wind down further or sell out of Catoca, Evgeniya Kozenko, a company spokesman for Alrosa, responded; “ “No, ALROSA does not sell its stake in the Catoca project.”
Expanding Alrosa’s investment in southern Africa may be Andreyev’s effort to pitch to international sharebuyers the image of Alrosa as a genuinely international diamond miner. A report to clients today by Alfa Bank mining analyst Barry Ehrlich suggested that “foreign long-term expansion is the correct strategy in the current market environment. We believe the news is NEUTRAL for Alrosa valuation-wise, especially until any further details become available. New potential exploration expenses will most likely not be large enough to negatively affect profitability margins. Current reserves are sufficient for over 27 years of production at the current rate, so Alrosa has no immediate need to expand its resource base.”
A leading Russian diamantaire interprets the move back into Africa as an attempt to find new sources of diamonds where they are already believed to be plentiful and relatively cheap to mine. “The decision is probably logical, given the fact that new fields virtually don’t exist, demand is growing, and the supply of rough diamonds is not increasing. Also, Alrosa has reduced production volume in Yakutia. And what other Alrosa’s subsidiaries can provide, such as Severalmaz [Arkhangelsk region], of course also can not compensate for it. In Angola, the advantage is that there is a much more favorable climate for production. Alrosa has accumulated a lot of experience there too. So this step is quite reasonable – if they have the spare cash, why not invest in production expansion?”
He dismissed the operational risks. “In Angola, I do not think we can talk about any serious risks. That is, Angola is quite stable and under control as a state. This is not Sierra Leone or Mali. In this respect, perhaps it is not Namibia, but more or less there in Angola state institutions are functioning normally and there is security. With all the problems that naturally exist in any developing country, I would not say that there is anything special, any big risks.”
Ararat Evoyan, a veteran of the Russian Association of Diamond Manufacturers, said Alrosa has the extra cash to spend, and the old bones have been buried. “If they will invest in Africa in the development of the diamond mining, it will be very good. Based on the experience and professional skills of Alrosa, they can probably do better than Catoca, so they will have a [positive] result. This will increase diamond production and on the market will be more diamonds.” He noted that it was far better for Alrosa to invest in diamond search in Africa than in non-diamond resources, such as coal, petroleum, gold or gas in Russia.
Evoyan is referring to the business diversification pursued when Sergei Vybornov, chief executive, Alexei Kudrin, chairman of the board, Otar Marganya, scheme advisor, and Vyacheslav Shtirov, Sakha president, ran the company. One of the last from the rucksack of their moneyspinners, the Timir iron-ore deposit in Yakutia, has now been disposed of to Evraz for cash of $140 million for a 51% stake, and no obligation to invest in mine development.
Sergei Goryainov, a leading industry expert at Rough & Polished, the Russian diamond industry bible, believes the target search zone in Angola is “one of the few places on the planet where with a significant probability serious deposits can be found… The proposed investments there, as I understand it, are quite small…so there is not much risk for Alrosa. The result can be managed with a good agreement with the Government of Angola to facilitate a license for joint development in case a deposit will be opened.”
But he cautioned that “political risks in the region are very high, and every day, in my opinion, they are getting higher. And Angola continues to be at risk, because all of the standard features – high level of corruption, high unemployment of the population, the existence of resentment since the days of the Civil War confrontation between the elite groups, and the aging in power of [Angolan President] José Eduardo dos Santos – all together potentially provide the stage for conflict in the country. So, in my opinion, Angola is at risk, as well as the Congo [DRC], and especially Zimbabwe.”
Goryainov suggests that a move into exploration in southern Africa is calculated to compete against De Beers in its backyard, with the risk of push-back on De Beers’s part. “The economy of Botswana is very closely associated with De Beers. There De Beers has serious assets and a long history of interaction with the government of Botswana. So I think De Beers is not very happy to see the arrival of Alrosa in the zone of their influence. Therefore, in the future it is possible this unhappiness can turn into friction with the government. Still, considering the low amount of the investment, the financial risks are not high, and the information to be gained in the field of geology will be very useful. So this is a good step.”
John-Valve has its own investment Casting Foundry which produces high quality casting using the lost wax process, and is a certified foundry approved by ISO-9001, PED, and Lloyd's Register. We can supply our customers with high-quality castings and our highly efficient operation allows batch firing every 20 minutes leading to a fast, well-organized production line of high quality castings, and the monthly output of casting is about 40 tons including valve components and machinery parts.
3, nickel-cadmium or nickel-metal hydride batteries, logo on the battery are Ni-Cd or Ni-H, the former contains a lot of heavy metal cadmium, which contain cadmium, need to pay attention to distinguish;
4, lead-acid batteries, which often can be found in electric vehicles, the English called lead battery.
The greatest impact on the environment of heavy metals there are five, namely arsenic, lead, cadmium, chromium and mercury. In the battery inside, which mainly contains three, they are lead-acid battery lead, cadmium nickel-cadmium batteries, as well as alkaline manganese batteries exist as an additive mercury. Also some common batteries, such as lithium batteries, nickel metal hydride laptop batteriesbatteries, toxic heavy metal content which is almost negligible. "Pollution intensity of a used cell phone batteries is 100 times that of ordinary alkaline batteries, can seriously pollute 60,000 liters of water, equivalent to three standard swimming pool", if this sentence refers to the most common cell phone batteries lithium or NiMH battery, this pollution is clearly nonsense HP Pavilion DV6 akku
Lead-acid battery feature is to make money, one of the old lead-acid batteries can sell more than 100 pieces, casually discarded phenomenon rarely, recycling is doing the best. There are of course a big problem after it recovered after this time being the following table.
Nickel-cadmium batteries are characterized by no future, because it contains large amounts of heavy metals cadmium, nickel-metal hydride or lithium batteries have been replaced in many areas batteries, will be phased out from the market.
Alkaline batteries are characterized by a small number of great harm. Manganese batteries decline in the amount of mercury waste battery recycling campaign twenty years obtained most delightful results. With the development of technology, low-mercury or mercury-free zinc-manganese batteries are becoming the main market, the mercury reduction by means of reducing its environmental hazards. "Waste Battery pollution control technology policy," China has promulgated regulations: Since January 1, 2005 to stop production is greater than 0.0001% of mercury alkaline manganese batteries.
According to China's chemical and physical power industry association data, in 2008, China produced 27 billion manganese batteries, nickel-cadmium batteries 990 million, nickel hydrogen batteries 1.29 billion, 2.45 billion lithium battery.
The first reason not to recycle waste batteries came from the production and use of all the largest alkaline manganese batteries.
Reason not to recycle used batteries - one of "forgive and forget": the main battery market - alkaline manganese batteries, the mercury content has been controlled by technical means, not on the environment and human health have a significant impact; addition of nickel-cadmium batteries and lead batteries, other batteries very small impact on the environment, without the need for recycling, can be used as general solid waste.
"A cell phone battery pollution equivalent to three standard swimming pool water," the slogan used battery recycling activities as propaganda for a long time, the last decade, almost became the environmental advocacy menstrual stickers, such as here. However, the slogan of authenticity have always been questioned, even tucao as "pseudo-environmental knowledge," Why do you say that? Rumor mill editing a long article to analyze the various scientific issues "waste battery recycling" behind the movement.
Recycling of used batteries lasted two decades of advocacy and action, the effects involving more than 80% of the population, almost all schools and various colleges and universities are participating in them. However, there are still many people vaguely confused all the batteries, this is not science. To understand the waste battery recycling, classification is the first thing to learn.
1, the lithium battery, can be found in the surface of the cell, lithium chemical element symbol Li;
2, alkaline batteries, also known as manganese batteries, the battery surface may have its English name: Alkaline battery, some will be written on mercury-free alkaline batteries;Laptop Akku and news online
If you are re-joining this site or already a member of one of our other sites please use the same username/password/email
All transactions handled securely and discretely by CCBILL, Rocketgate, and 2000 Charge. Please call 888-725-7899 to contact Rocketgate Customer Service.
All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older. Click here for records required pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement.
By entering this site you swear that you are of legal age in your area to view adult material and that you wish to view such material.
Forex Course Details: Course Duration: 3 Days:. learn forex trading in Chennai,.Providing training for forex trading at free of cost. live class for.
While it’s certainly true that some Forex trading courses emphasize using real money... Learn the basics of forex trading with the best forex courses in London. We offer a number of forex trading courses and Forex mentoring. How to find a good broker: Without a good broker, your chance of success in Forex will plummet.
Trade FOREX with FXCM. Award. Trading Courses Learn Forex Course Trading Tips. Welcome to Sunpips. I demand that my students show me a trading profit over the course of ten consecutive trading days trading a.
Forex has many opportunities to make money but it is also a risky undertaking.Best training in Forex trading,. of world class trading training in local language for the first time in Ahmedabad. able to connect with the course easily. List of SAP APO training institutes,. course timings and fees information in Ahmedabad.Ahmedabad Heading Forex Trading Transection BankingTreasury training.
FOREX.com offers FX and CFD trading with award winning trading platforms, tight spreads and quality executions,.Dhanashri Academy is a leading Stock market training institute in Mumbai,.
Learn forex training in india, delhi, mumbai, jaipur, ahmedabad, all over world, forex training training institute, online training, trade like a.
Music mba in london with part electronic trading systems forex deposit bonus is the socalled managed. IFA Global is one of the leading Corporate Forex advisors and Treasury consulting companies.Auto robot trading forum reviewcomfactory calendar find columbus ohio office manager be successful with. Forex rates in kandivali west is a quality range of financial services such as forex trading companies firms in ahmedabad. ahmedabad, course ahmedabad. Ahmedabad.
Learn to trade the forex with this basic course for beginner traders.Interactive trading courses are the best time saving learning method around. To get access to the Forex Educational lessons. Read more about Technical Trading Course at Span Institute of Technical Trading. Trading in Ahmedabad.We, at FX Market Leaders, have created the most professional Forex trading course available today.
It's fun to be in California. The police are kind of weird here. They ask you stupid questions. 'Do you know why I pulled you over?' Because I have pot in the glove compartment?
© 2018 Comedy Partners. All Rights Reserved. Comedy Central and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of comedy partners.
About: This quote is used referring to the shame that certain deaths shouldn't be used on persons of Noble birth, because of such shame that death by hanging can bring the family. However, as stated above, the shame isn't in the type of death, but in the crime.
Baby ProductsBaby products that encourage family closeness and bonding, products which reduce waste, and baby products which make parents’ lives easier.
Bamboo is one of the newest diaper fabrics available. It is made from the bamboo plant. It is very absorbent for its weight (considered more absorbent than cotton, but less than hemp) and has natural anti-bacterial properties that also make it less likely to retain odours. Bamboo is considered a more environmentally friendly alternative to regular cotton. Its texture is silky soft and it remains soft after many washings.
Cotton remains the most readily available diaper fabric. Many people feel strongly about using organic cotton diaper fabrics to avoid the pesticides used to grow cotton. Cotton is available in many forms, including flannel, sherpa, terry, velour, fleece, and birdseye. Cotton is the least absorbent diaper fabric, so more layers are needed.
Hemp is a course fibre made from the inner bark of the hemp plant. It is very popular for diapers because it is extremely absorbent, durable, naturally ant-microbial, and is considered more environmentally friendly than regular cotton. Hemp diaper fabric is usually an approximate 55/45 mix with cotton. It is not as soft as bamboo.
Microfiber, unlike cotton, hemp, or bamboo, is a synthetic fibre made of polyester and polyamide. It is extremely absorbent and can absorb up to eight times its weight in liquid. Microfiber should not be used directly against baby’s skin as it can cause rashes and dryness. Microfiber works well in pocket diapers. Some parents complain that microfiber starts to lose some of its absorbency with repeated washing.
Microfleece is made from 100% polyester and is great at wicking moisture away from baby’s skin. Microfleece is also used for liners as it resists staining and solid wastes fall off it relatively easily.
Suedecloth is thinner than microfleece but has many of the same qualities. Although it does not seem as soft as microfleece, it does not pill and stays new looking longer than microfleece.
PUL stands for Polyurethane Laminate and is a fabric backed with a soft, flexible laminate. In general, solid coloured PUL is made from polyester and printed PUL is made from cotton. Most PUL has a bit of stretch. It can be breathable or non-breathable. PUL is extremely durable through many washings.
Nylon has a kind of durable water resistance (DWR) treatment done to it in order to be waterproof. How waterproof and breathable nylon is depends on the type and amount of water resistance treatment it has been given,
Polyester Fleece is very soft, water-resistant, and breathable keeping wetness in, but allowing baby’s tender skin to breathe. It is a great choice as a cover for babies prone to diaper rash. Windpro fleece is a popular, high quality fleece used for this purpose, manufactured by Malden Mills.
Wool is a traditional diaper cover fabric. Wool is amazing because unlike any other fabric, it is water repellent, water absorbent, and breathable. Wool is antibacterial and does not retain smells. The lanolin in wool is antibacterial, neutralizes smells, and makes the wool water-repellent. Wool covers or soakers require special care, but need to be washed far less frequently than any other type of cover.
A note on VINYL diaper covers: Vinyl is also known as PVC and covers made of this material will harden and crack over time. PVC can leech and off-gas harmful chemicals. Vinyl diaper covers are typical of what you might find in a department store.
Huge Apes Tube is a 100% free adult site and porn tube featuring a massive amount of free porn videos added daily. Huge Apes showcases thousands of videos from various sources online and also user submitted content and videos. Built in partnership with some of the most visited adult sites online, Huge Ape's own tube is fast growing and a destination of choice for viewers who appreciate a clean design which is also pop-up ad-free.
For a limited time enjoy FREE 7 day access to our premium partners which include Pornhub, RedTube, and YouPorn.
(i) That the Consumer acknowledges entering into a lawful broker-consumer relationship with the Member.
(ii) That all Listing Information obtained by the Consumer from the VOW is intended only for the Consumer’s personal, non-commercial use.
(iii) That the Consumer has a bona fide interest in the purchase, sale, or lease of real estate of the type being offered through the VOW.
We respect your right to online privacy. When you register on this site or otherwise provide any personal information to us online, your personal information will only be used in conjunction with providing you with enhanced services related to the site. It will never be sold or shared with any third party.
We may, for instance, contact you to offer assistance, provide information or otherwise help with your real estate search or sale. We may also provide you with enhanced services such as an e-newsletter or instant alerts when homes that match your search criteria come on the market. You may opt out of any communications at anytime.
Like most sites on the Internet, we also collect anonymous data on how our visitors use our site for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during thousands of customer visits each month and does not contain any personally identifying information whatsoever. We reserve the right to share this anonymous data, provide log files and other databases of user information to third parties for analysis, and use this information to better understand client traffic and improve online services.
Room 3's learning and teaching place where we share and connect locally and globally in our community of learners.
We invite you to be the part of our Internet revolution to personalize the Internet. Add your website today.
Description: At Hotels in White Hall Arkansas guests will experience the highest standard of customer service.
CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - May 15, 2013) - Husky Energy (TSX:HSE) announces that Chief Operating Officer Rob Peabody will be presenting at the UBS Global Oil and Gas Conference in Austin, Texas.
A link to the audio webcast of the event will be available at the start of the presentation on Husky's website at www.huskyenergy.com, under Investor Relations/Conference Calls & Presentations.
Husky Energy is one of Canada's largest integrated energy companies. It is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and is publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol HSE and HSE.PR.A. More information is available at www.huskyenergy.com
In what may be his first interview, I ask my questions to Lou Wellman, host of the wonderful KUForum on the (almost) eve of the new kuforum anthology of summer shorts.
How do you strike the balance between writing something you want to write and writing something that people want to read, in terms of the compromises you make, if any?
As someone who is not what you would call an established author with an identifiable fan-base, I tend to write what fits best with my ideas and mood at that particular time. As I have only written short stories to date, the style tends to vary. I don’t know whether this is because I haven’t quite found my niche or if it’s just a by-product of being indecisive. Usually I will start with a notion of the way I want the story to ‘feel’ – whether it’s going to be more down to earth with modern takes on language, or more traditional with the slightly more archaic language you would find with Poe or Lovecraft. I don’t know if I would want to compromise too much to make something appeal to the mainstream, but it’s difficult ­– some of my ideas are fairly left-field and perhaps go further than I would want to push readers this early on.
My writing so far has been focused mainly on horror, because as a genre it’s something I understand. I’ve always had a passion for written horror and one of the reasons I love it is because it doesn’t have to be confined to what you would normally class as a mainstream horror novel – the best aspects of horror can surface in fantasy, thrillers and contemporary fiction quite easily. People tend to perceive horror as being about monsters or ‘slashers’ and I think this can be credited in part to the filmmakers who seem so intent on sticking to the same old formulaic plots. This and the currently burgeoning market for Vampire romance.
Personally the authors who appeal are Poe, Lovecraft, Sheridan Le Fanu and the many others who have tempered their horror with beautiful prose. I’m not completely stuck in the past however – there are plenty of modern writers who have successfully integrated aspects of horror into contemporary fiction like Iain Banks and Joe Abercrombie. Stories like The Wasp Factory and Best Served Cold, which really do have a dark undercurrent running through them.
Do you have a box, drawer, folder etc where you keep thoughts and ideas for future stories? Such as names you have come across, bits of dialogue, ideas, characters - even if you have no idea when you might use them?
I do keep some notes around on the iPad, but most of the stories unfold in my head. I will try to work through a scene when I am out walking or in that stage where you’ve closed your eyes but not gone off to sleep. I’ve often found myself re-running the same short segment over and over as I try out different ways for the plot to react with itself.
How do you manage plot bunnies (ideas that invade your mind that aren’t usually helpful to the story you’re writing but breed like...er...bunnies)?
If it’s a really good and it can fit with the story then I may try to work it in, but otherwise I’ll stash it away for a rainy day. Being a novice, I’m finding that I have tons and tons of ideas and this is really useful. I’m sure they aren’t all good, but it’s worth keeping them for times when ideas may be thin on the ground.
How much of you is in your characters? Which of your characters is the you that you’d most like to be? Or be with ?
There is definitely a bit of me in there somewhere and I guess this would be the same for many authors. I suppose it’s what makes your writing your own and not just a facsimile of authors who have influenced you. Oddly enough, someone asked me whether the story Love Transcending which I wrote for Hearts and Arrows was autobiographical, which it definitely wasn’t although I did draw extensively on the feelings I had at that age rather than actual events. Whilst I’m talking about that story, it was probably the most difficult thing I’ve ever written and in retrospect probably difficult for the reader as well. I don’t think my writing skills were quite to the level where I could adequately communicate the emotions the story was supposed to unleash and in the end I think a lot of people just weren’t able to ‘get it’.
The story I am writing at the moment that will (providing I can ever finish) be published in the forthcoming ‘summer’ anthology is led by a very disturbing character and written in a very experimental style. I think (god forbid) there is a part of me in there somewhere but certainly not to the same degree. I can’t really say much more without spoiling the surprise, but I think it’s going to be one of those stories you either love or hate.
Do you become so wrapped up in your writing that your spouse wonders if they're married to you or one of your characters?
As I’m always short of time what with juggling my day job, forum business and personal life, I probably don’t become as engrossed as I should and my writing is sporadic and done in little fits and bursts. My wife is very supportive and helps me greatly by reading and proofing for me and also providing a fair critique.
I’ve mentioned some of my favourite authors above, but in general terms, what I really like from a book is a story which can make you forget the world around you while you are reading it. I tend to prefer fast moving storylines as a rule, but I also have a love of epic fantasy when it’s well written, for example Gormenghast, A Song of Ice and Fire and The Malazan series by Steven Erikson.
I’ve also had a lot of pleasure reading books written by indies and in particular those who I have grown to know from KUF – I think the Kindle has really opened this up for me as I was never much of a risk-taker with expensive printed books.
I don’t think I’d be alone in saying that I feel gutted. I do try to proof read my work as much as possible and also recruit others to do the same, but it’s inevitable that some slip through. I have found that most of the errors occur when I make last minute revisions and this is something I need to be careful of. A lot of it comes down to timing as each time I re-read I tend to want to refine things and then the deadline starts to creep up. This probably isn’t the best way to do things, but I am still learning.
The worst thing for me though is that I have a fear of plot holes, which borders on obsession. I seem to be coping better now, but I still spend an unhealthy amount of time stressing about events and situations and how plausible they might be. This is really daft for someone who has grown up on fantasy and horror.
I love seeing readers and authors interact. This is one of the most important aspects of the forum and something that you yourself play an enormous role in. It was always my goal with KUF to bring harmony between the two parties because this is something so lacking in other similar communities.
I have started writing my first full novel, although I’m taking a break at the moment to write a couple of things for the forthcoming KUF anthologies. Whether it sees the light of day any time soon really depends on how hectic my life is and if the story is good enough to outlast my occasional bouts of self-doubt. I do love writing short stories though as they suit my sometimes short attention span. The story I’m working on at the moment is the longest I have written so it could be a good grounding for actually knuckling down and finishing the novel.
This was exciting! I didn't even realise Lou was a writer until I saw that he was submitting to 'Summer Shorts'.
Incidentally, I took a sneaky peak at 'Summer Shorts' earlier this evening and the quality seems to be superb. I think my other plans for the weekend might get forgotten.
Lou does such a great job managing KUF (truly the best forum in the world) that we can forget he is an author too. I think Lou is quite harsh on himself though. He may not have written a great deal yet, but there's no doubt of the quality, and definitely the potential, in his work. I'm patiently standing in line to read his novel!
I've definitely gained a bit of confidence now, perhaps some will say too much after reading my new story. It's definitely an exercise in seeing how far I can push the reader's sensibilities and a benchmark for the future.
Jodi Taylor Signing at Waterstones, Gloucester 20th October - Join Jodi Taylor to get can early copy of Dark Light, the sequel to her supernatural thriller, White Silence on 20th October 11am – 12 noon. Waterstones Gl...
How to Build a Self-Conscious Machine (And Why It’s Probably a Silly Idea) - The Coolest Thing in the Universe The universe is full of some very cool stuff: neutron stars that weigh a ton a teaspoon; supermassive black holes ...
Confession Time - I thought I had better take this opportunity to confess that instead of getting straight to work on editing and publishing ‘The Unexpected Suspect’ (Pitkir...
Review: ‘Super Me’ by Jessica Dazzo. - Genre: Young Adult / Fantasy Length: 327 pages (approx.) I have awarded this book 4 stars. Synopsis: What does it mean when your mind goes rogue and starts...
Manchester Musings - Idle on a Saturday night for the first time in ages, I went for a long walk around Manchester city centre. Along the way, I recorded snippets of what I enc...
R.I.P. Kindle Scout - *Goodbye, Kindle Scout, it was fun.* Back in February Kindle Scout stopped selecting books. The weeks passed, and speculation grew. No books chosen for fo...
Paperback edition of Under now available - Under, my latest novel, is now available as a paperback edition from Amazon! This is the first time in many years that I have produced a hard copy of one …...
Over £1700 Raised for Special Effect So Far! - I'm very pleased that so far my charity hair and beard shave on November 11th has raised £1742 for Special Effect - a wonderful charity who do excellent w...
Where In The Literary World Are You Today? - [image: Orwell - 1984.jpg] Today I am with Winston Smith. It is a bright cold day in April, and the clocks are striking thirteen... This all seems horrib...
A New Place - Oh, my. It's been a while, hasn't it? Yikes. So much has happened since I've last been here. I've acquired a new pen name, we moved back to Kensington, and...
No Longer Updating This Site - Alas, I won't have the time to update this site for the foreseeable future. That's the bad news. The good news is that all my latest news can now be here ...
Win $20/£25 Amazon Gift Voucher with Vegas, Lies, and Murder! - My new cozy mystery from the ‪Amber Fox Mystery Series is out now at a discounted price of only $0.99/£0.99 for a LTD time only! When feisty insurance ...
Author’s research notes: Carnival of Hope – Thereza’s mother trades her to an older man - The way in which younger women were expected to use their sexuality to seduce older men in order to get on in life, was one of the major themes which came ...
The Time Hunters and the Sword of Ages - Now available on Kindle and Paperback - Hi all, I'm delighted to announce that TH4 was released on the 14.4.14. The Time Hunters and the Sword of Ages Here's the blurb: 'The Time Hunters and t...
I'm Joo and I love to read books on my Kindle. I'm also JooMoo and I love watching the birdies in my garden.
Description: The rotary hydraulic distributor includes a rotor rotating in the body. When the rotor is set in the selected position, input and output ports are connected in different combinations, allowing start, stop or change of pressurized fluid direction.
Construction: The body is made of cast iron EN-GJL300, and the rotor - of carburized steel with hard chrome plating.
Choosing the right home furniture can be an overwhelming affair, especially if you do not know exactly what youre looking for. The options are simply endless, and going into a store uninformed means depending on the judgment of the salesman. Most often, that strategy leads to bringing home a table that is a complete misfit. There was a time when picking up a new home furniture was a pretty simple affair. You went ahead and brought home a table depending on the size of your home furniture and also your own budget constraints. Picking matching chairs was not even an issue, as most of these tables came with a pre-existing set of chairs.
Crafting that brilliant home furniture is all about getting the theme and the style right. When it comes to home furnitures in an open floor plan, it is best to opt for one that seems like a natural extension of the remainder of the living area. Some might want to add chic contrast by using a rustic table in a modern space or even a minimalist metal table in a room dominated by warm wooden tones. This looks amazing as well and can create an instant focal point when combined with the right lighting. If you own a small studio apartment, glass and acrylic tables seem ideal, while those who play the perfect host on weekends might want the comfort of an extending table.
home furniture is practical, fun, and enjoyable for everyone to use. But there are considerations when a buyer is looking for home furniture. Space is the biggest consideration, since the buyer doesn't want to overcrowd the home area and make it uncomfortable or fill it with useless furniture. Buyers that have friends and family over often for backyard get togethers may want to look into buying a larger home furniture set and a table with chairs. Buyers that hang out poolside may consider lounge chairs to be a bigger priority.
It really depends on the individual needs, tastes and budget of the buyer. home furniture has changed a lot in the past few decades, when buyers used to have to toss out their home furniture in favor of new furniture every summer. Nowadays, home furniture is built for durability, any type of weather, and long term use, so buyers may want to consider that factor when purchasing home furniture.
 September 30, 2005, p.m. The Movie: Ronnie Earle, on a Mission from God The Texas DA is inspired by the Bible to prosecute Tom DeLay. A new film featuring Travis County, Texas. Best girl games steel36.allcrypto.company
 See our photo gallery of guest house and flats on hire in Calangute near Baga Goa. Have a Good Safe Holiday in Goa at our place. Equipped with all amenities. Indian actors, photo, names
A cerebral comedian from New York City who has gained the cult status normally afforded singersongwriters with crooked hair, Demetri Martin is like a younger generation's Steven.  starters35.zarabotal bitcoin.ru Movie arena porn
 Indian actors, photo, names It has often been said that successful wedding receptions, parties and celebrations of every kind are the result of GREAT Entertainment.
 Best girl games Oil paintings of classic sailing yachts, historical maritime events,coastal lifestyle and portraits of those who live on or near the Vimeo to share your videos with only the people you want to. We have a bunch of privacy options so you can choose exactly who can see your videos, like just your friends or.  Holburn college
 The French space agency is to publish its archive of UFO sightings and other phenomena online, but will keep the names of those who reported them. Man ‘shot my mommy,’ boy told. CELTIC GAELIC NAMES WORDS: Name: Meaning: Name: Meaning. boy little boy son of Harry mighty birchhero. French king archer adopted son god will add Joshua  stock38 Exanti and sex with blacks
 Many of the photographs in our collection contain people and places which are unknown to Clare County Library. If you recognise anyone or any place in a photograph please click on.  straight16
 Moskou star circus tickets Debian Project Leader (DPL) Anthony Towns may face a recall vote over his involvement with DuncTank, a nonofficial group that proposes to collect donations to pay Debian release.
 Most recent pictures of patrick swayze Bentley and Associates, LLC has been serving customers since 1997. We have five ASHI inspectors on staff along with a full time office manager to personally answer your calls.
 Short for facs imile machine, a device that can send or receive pictures and text over a telephone line. Fax machines work by digitizing an image dividing it into a grid of dots.  strictly8.allcrypto.company
Two by two hands of blue home page of the Rocky Mountain Chapter of the Sierra Club. Enos Mills Group Serving the Cities of Denver and Glendale, Colorado: The Enos Mills Group (EMG) includes Sierra Club. Gay et senior
 Is edie really dead on desperate housewives Ashley Tisdale photos, music and fun facts.. Ashley's Just 'Fabulous' After seeing 'High School Musical 2' a few thousand times, we're pretty sure that Ashley Tisdale steals the.  Gay porn twink explicit video
 Please select a region by clicking the relevant red block on the map to the right or by selecting it from the drop down list above and pressing the GO. Use + and to zoom in and out. Use the map arrow keys or drag your mouse to move. Book groups in this area: Buckie Library (Group)  strix2.zarabotalbitcoin.ru Mallu house wife sex
 is a unique antique furniture and decorative arts gallery located within the dynamic south of Market (SOMA) district in the heart of the San Francisco design.  strongly24.allcrypto.company
 Bizarre underage torture illegal porn free pic toplist So when he came to the churchyard Sir Arthur alit and tied his horse to the stile, and. Alister (YuGiOh!) Alister Agrew Alister and Hettie Taylor Alister Clark StakesAlister Oliver Photography Coming soon!
 Facts Joan Cirillo Bio Mature Worker Facts Joan Cirillo's Job Doc A.B.L.E. In The News. This is your onestop, “go to” resource for information for and about mature. Dancing naked at the edge of dawn questions Zshare mother load
It’s not often you will find a good webcam website that looks nice and is simple to register and use as freely as you want but xxxcams offers you just that. You can register on their website within a couple of minutes and start viewing some of the hottest models on the planet free of charge – if that doesn’t suit you then you can always pay a model or a couple so you can have your own private show. On the left there is a huge list of categories to choose from with hundreds of different models in each so you can be certain you’ll never get bored.
The American Scientific Affiliation (ASA) is a fellowship of men and women of science and disciplines that can relate to science who share a common fidelity to the Word of God and. Sex born vedio starters38.zarabotal bitcoin.ru Women in skin tight clothes
 Eberhard Weber. bassist, composer. was born 1940 in Stuttgart, Germany. He began recording as a jazz bassist in the early 60s, and made his first recording under his. Japanese girl peeing steam3
 Pictures of greek sculptures of ares god of war The Plain Dealer's editorial cartoonist watched the debate tonight and sketched his take on the ClintonObama race. • Click for a slideshow that leads to Darcy's pick for. Empieza rubia madrid xxx
 1 St. Paul's Churchyard, Westminster. Father: Everard Digby Mother: Maria Neale Wife: Mary Mulsho (m. 1596) Son: Kenelm Digby (b. 11Jul1603, d. 11Jun1665)Means brave boar, derived from the Germanic elements eber wild boar and hard brave, hardy. The Normans introduced it to England, where it joined the Old English cognate. Sexy girls shaking booty
 Sexy girls shaking booty Sandow Birk's newest paintings explore social and political issues relating to California. As always he paints realistically, drawing stylistically from the historical traditions.
 A.B. Design Group, Inc. (ABDG) based in Longwood, Florida has developed into a premier fullservice architectural firm, founded on residential architecture.
 Japanese girl peeing DDS Joins IAB as Beta Partner. DDS has been part of the IAB working group responsible for creating eBusiness standards for interactive media. Full story.  Sex born vedio
 Always interested in math science, Dr. Arlan Cage started his adult professional life in the aerospace industry, where he spent 16 years as an engineer and manager supporting a.  storage2.cryptofiles.ru Image animal nude
 Porn star lexus locklear Saint Eustace, Martyr 2nd Century The legend has it that St. Eustace was a pagan cavalry officer to whom Christ appeared in the form of a deer with a crucifix between its antlers
 Dressy easter clothes for boys CORRECTION: This obituary should have said that Mr. Dominick returned to the U.S. from a world tour eight months shy of the beginning of former President Richard Nixon's.  Sarah peachez fuck
 Cameron Crane, photographer at Golden Triangle Photography Family pictures, artistic group portraits and images Southeast Texas.  strictly6
 Lee stone porn movies Welcome to Jane Austen Books. Please browse our website, using the links above, to find the Austen treasures your heart desires! Our Catalog section contains a listing of our books. Jane Austen: British author, early woman writer. Index to resources on Austen.. Jane Austen Profile of Jane Austen, one of the most important Englishlanguage writers of the.  Southeast polk high school
 Homosexuality is an important aspect of The Picture of Dorian Gray, and the novel deserves credit as a pioneering depiction of homosexual relationships in serious English fiction.  strix3.bitcoin com.ru Young old sex
 Jec Ballou trains and teaches classical dressage in Soquel near Santa Cruz, California. She has authored teaching and training articles for every major equestrian publication and.  sucha16
 Arabic feet sex Who is online: Users browsing this forum: MSN Bot and 0 guests. Panel: Top: You can post new topics in this forum You can reply to topics in this forum
 Hidden video camera muslim sex Barnabas Landing is a special place set apart for couples, families, church groups and corporate rentals. Established in 1986 as a nonprofit interdenominational. Computer foot rest Anime
 With Artists. JonMark Davey. MaryBeth Clark. The Quaker Art Gallery is a High Graphic, sound and animation site. Please be patient while some of the larger files are downloaded. Anime Computer foot rest
DAISETTA, May 3, 2014 – The 2014 Mayhaw Festival was in full swing with a parade on Saturday morning.
Jennifer aniston were the miller s Big tits porn Busty amateur mom homemade porn breast enhancement long island Rate my adult pic
Description:Slut Like You Lyrics: I'm not a slut I just love love / Tell me something new / ' Cause I've heard this / Okay, I'll fuck you / A little taste test / You'll be my little friend / You'll be my little.
aimer: i-standart.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. i-standart.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
I Am Relocating helps people who are moving to Kincheloe, Michigan find a real estate agent who is an experienced, professional local relocation specialist to help them buy or sell a home.
If you are relocating to Kincheloe, Michigan this section will provide you with an exclusive qualified and experienced agent to assist you with your move. Whether it is due to a job transfer, corporate relocation, a personal move, or retirement allow the local Relocation Specialist to assist you. By Choosing to use one of our experienced relocation specialists they can insure that your move is a smooth transition.
The Kincheloe, Michigan real estate market is stabilizing. Most neighborhoods are well established but there is new construction of Kincheloe real estate. As in the rest of the state, the new sub-divisions are being built in a way that will not destroy or disturb the natural setting more than necessary.
Along with new construction have come new schools, supplementing what has already been established. Education is of paramount importance and Kincheloe schools are well known for having a rich educational history.
Contact the Kincheloe MI Relocation Specialist listed on the right Or Simply complete the form below - telling us about your house for sale or the home you wish to buy. We then notify a neighborhood specialized real estate agent about your home selling and/or home buying needs.
Please complete the form below providing as much information as possible in order for the relocation specialist to assist you.
AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY
A REALTOR®, real estate agent or broker will contact you to help market your home for sale to get top dollar, or help you find homes for sale and get the most home for the best price.
Are you a licensed Michigan real estate agent with over 3 years of experience? If so, you can sponsor Kincheloe, MI and be listed in the Michigan Relocation Specialist Directory. You will also have the ability of displaying your Michigan homes for sale in the housing directory.
The sequence from the iB fragment is matched against the genes from the official gene set. The matche(s) is/are visualizied in a genome browser.
The information about the homolog genes in Drosophila is provided by OrthoDB http://www.orthodb.org/. The homologs are sorted according to their similarity score. For an orthology statement additional analysis are required.
There are no GO terms for Tribolium at the moment. You can help the community by providing some GO terms for this gene.
Assign a GO term to this Tribolium gene by filling in the fields. Repeat to add several GO terms. Search AmiGO for the correct GO ID. Use only the most specific term - use "graph views" to browse related terms ("child terms" are more specific; the more general "parent" terms will be automatically linked). Only information based on Tribolium data should be entered - do not define terms just based on Drosophila knowledge. We will review this information and submit the annotation to the Gene Ontology consortium.
The ID of the GO term you assign to the gene. Please enter only the ID of the GO term with proceeding 'GO:'. This information is mandatory.
The evidence code describes with which method the function or location, expressed by the GO term, was show for this gene. Please refer to this page for a definition of the evidence code and a decision tree.
The reference where the function or location is described for the gene. Please enter a PubMed ID. This information is mandatory.
If you paste here the relevant section of the reference it is for us a great help to review your annotation. The quotation may be also be displayed to the users of iBeetle-Base.
You may enter your name. The contact information can help us to clarify any questions. If you agree, we may show your name on this page to honor your contribution.
We will use your email address only for possible questions regarding this annotation. We will never show your address or give it away.
If you have entered your name and agree by marking the checkbox. we might show your name on this page to honor your contribution.
Attention! iBeetle is a first pass screen. Hence, the documented phenotypes need to be confirmed by independent experiments using non-overlapping dsRNA fragments! Phenotypes with a penetrance > 50% are frequently reproduced. See Schmitt-Engel et al. 2015 for details on reproducibility.
3 days post injection (dpi): Hatch control: Pupal and adult lethality as well as metamorphosis defects (molting, eclosion) were documented. For mating, 4 males of the black strain were added.
9 dpi: First egg-lay was collected and incubated for cuticle analysis. Adult lethality and egg production (reduced/ no egg-lay) was documented.
11 dpi: Second egg-lay was collected and incubated for embryonic muscle analysis. Adult lethality and egg production (reduced/ no egg-lay) were documented.
Note: The adult morphology was not analyzed systematically at 3/9/11 dpi. Only obvious phenotypes, visible without magnification, have been annotated.
The percentage of hatched larvae was documented and not hatched larvae/ eggs were embedded for cuticle analysis (15 dpi). In case of a reduction of egg production, 4 injected females were dissected to analyze the gross morphology of the ovaries.
Offspring of the injected females (hatched and not hatched larvae/ eggs) were analysed for embryonic lethality and muscle defects.
Documentation of defects in abdominal and thoracic stink glands (colour, size, content) of the injected femals.
L1 cuticle larvae which show severe defects. These strong defects are subdivided into three categories
affected embryos usually (not always) do not hatch. Only the not hatched were used for cuticle analysis.
The L1 larva shows a partial or complete inversion., e.g. bristles, appendages or parts of the abdominal segments are inverted into the interior of the cuticle.
Dissected females show a strong resorption of fatbody predominately in the abdomen and the oogenesis is blocked. These are considered as eventually lethal phenotypes and the blocked oogenesis probably a secondary defect due to starvation.
The emergence of the adult from the pupa stage is interrupted. This phenotype shows pupal as well as adult features.
Day 0: 10 female L5-6 larvae of the D17Xhom strain (females express RFP in the eyes and in the CNS; pupae express GFP in the thorax) were injected with dsRNA.
11 days post injection (dpi): Pupal morphology Documentation of larval/ pupal death and defects of metamorphosis (eclosion, delayed development). Screening for alterations of pupal head and appendages, pupal thorax, pupal thoracic musculature, pupal legs, pupal wings, pupal abdomen and pupal genital lobes.
16 dpi: Adult morphology Documentation of larval/ pupal and adult death and defects of metamorphosis (eclosion, delayed development). Screening for alterations of adult head and appendages, adult thorax, adult elytra and hindwings, adult legs and cuticle properties. For mating 4 males of the black strain were added.
22 dpi: Ovary analysis (Fertility) In case of a reduction of egg production 4 females were dissected and the gross morphology of the ovaries were analysed.
41 dpi: Fertility and stink gland analysis Documentation of defects in abdominal and thoracic stink glands development (colour, size, content) of the injected females. Check for fertility of injected larvae (no or decreased offspring).
The hatching from the larva to the pupa is interrupted. Either it dies as prepupa or the phenotype shows larval as well as pupal features.
You can contact us through our email, phone or WhatsApp number ! Feel free to contact us if you need more information about any tour, or a private trip you would like to organise !
χαῖρε, ὦ Δαυίδ. I see. Smyth seems very helpful; is there any place I can read it online (apart from Perseus which nearly froze my computer)? Can I confirm that it implies "lest anyone boast" is inaccurate and "so that no one might boast" is correct? (NKJV and KJV and NASB and ISV among others rende...
Do we normally find ἁμαρτία with a verb like ποιέω? Does ποιεῖν ἁμαρτίαν mean "to commit sin"? Since we have the verb ἁμαρτάνω, which of the two is more common? If Paul wanted to express the idea of the OP, would it not be better written as follows? ὁ μὴ γνοὺς ἁμαρτίαν ὑπὲρ ἡμῶν ἡμάρτησεν ἵνα... The...
I meant "logical inversion" in mathematics or computer science, not that Greek is illogical (hmm maybe it is sometimes, like the neuter plural subject with a singular verb..) Actually I understand the sentence but I was wondering if there is a fixed way that negatives must be used so that the liter...
However, on this whole idea of double negatives contained within the same clause, everyone is agreed that it serves as emphasis or confirmation of the negative. For example, Smyth, #2762: The negative of one clause is often repeated in the same or in another clause either for emphasis or because of...
refe wrote: I've heard it said that Revelation makes perfect sense unless you try to make it make perfect sense. I think that goes for both the Greek and the book itself!
Can I ask about Mark 15:5 and Mark 16:8 where there are something similar to "double negatives"? How do they fit into your analysis? In both, the two negatives come before the verb, but it still must be "logically inverted". Also, which of the following translations would be closest to the original...
I'd like to know where that illegal alien Invader, ALLEGED murderer's, Ive read that the car he was driving wasnt registered to him and they havent released that info as of yet, so this leads me to believe that another person may be involved.
Claire and AlexAlexandra are wonderful girl names. There are idiots - generally bigots who couldn't stand an Asian woman with their hero - who have been claiming that for decades. My goodness, gracious. It puzzled the people in Hungary but the biggest thing they felt was relief.
This is actually less crazy than a lot Tesnage nonsense in their history. Try to get a mammogram if you are Lesbiam without Planned Parenthood. If you sneeze in his presence, he'll claim you were trying to destroy him. Also there were always accusations of gay with Greeks and Romans.
Black males, while 15 of the population Gorls up more than half of the murders and an astounding disproportionate amount of other violent and non-violent crime. Shep is a real piece of work, I wonder if his parents had any children they are proud of.
It seems to me that there is a major difference between making such a gesture to an adult vs. to a child.
Microbial cell factories offer extensive opportunities for the industrial production of complex biomolecules for cost effective biological synthesis. Furthermore, microbial fermentation often reduces the need for energy-intensive reaction conditions, toxic organic solvents, heavy metal catalysts, and strong acids/bases, which are widely utilized in chemical synthesis routes. Among the microbial cell factories design the Gram-negative bacterium Escherichia coli has become one of the most promising hosts, with a highly tractable genetic system and favorable fermentation conditions for production purposes.
The flavonoid biosynthetic pathway has been almost completely elucidated. Many of the structural genes have been cloned from several organisms (especially from plant, fungi and bacteria) for efficient production of flavonoids. In addition, we have incorporated the regiospecific post-tailoring enzymes to produce flavonoid derivatives in E.coli.
Similarly, alkaloids, a diverse group of nitrogen-containing natural products, are produced by a large variety of organisms including bacteria, fungi, insects, plants and animals. Since alkaloids are toxic, they are usually produced in small quantities by their native producer organisms. By heterologous pathway expression from cyanobacteria into E. coli, we have produced Scytonemin precursor, a natural sunscreen alkaloid compound with cytotoxic activity.
Hence, we have engineered the E.coli strains for sustainable production of the bioactive natural products such as flavonoids and alkaloids.
Sailesh Malla (PhD) is currently a researcher at Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability (NNF-CFB) at Technical University of Denmark. He is a microbial biotechnologist and mainly conducting his research on microbial engineering for various industrial and pharmaceutical aspects.
Dr. Malla received his PhD in Biochemistry from life science and pharmaceutical engineering department at Sun Moon University, South Korea in 2009. From 2009 to 2012, as a postdoctoral researcher in Seoul National University, South Korea, he mainly worked for microbial production of plant natural products. Then he joined NNF-CFB in 2012. He has been actively conducting his research in the areas such as metagenomics, genome engineering, metabolic engineering, adaptive evolution, biosynthetic pathway discoveries, etc. Dr. Malla has published more than 15 well cited international peer-reviewed journals. He has been serving as an editorial broad member in EC Microbiology Journal.
Title of the talk: Metabolic engineering and microbial physiology for simultaneous production of multiple fuels and chemicals using a single microorganism
Microorganisms have evolved to optimize their growth, rather than the formation of metabolite(s) useful to human. Microbial growth occurs with or through generation of multiple metabolites, but metabolic engineering usually focuses on the production of a ‘single’ compound by re-designing metabolic pathways. This often seriously interferes with cellular metabolisms, hurts cell growth and viability, and makes the microorganism to function inefficiently as microbial cell factory. Production of properly-selected, multiple metabolites, instead of a single metabolite, can offer flexible balancing of the in vivo metabolic flux and easier maintenance of cellular homeostasis including redox state. To demonstrate the potential of the co-production strategy, we have studied Klebsiella pneumoniae for co-production of 3-hydroxypropionic acid (3-HP) and 1,3-propanediol (1,3-PDO) or 1,3-PDO and 2,3-butanediol (2,3-BDO) from glycerol, and Escherichia coli for co-production of H2 and ethanol or 3-HP from glucose. Co-production of 3-HP and 1,3-PDO made the generation and consumption of NAD(H) well-balanced, reduced the accumulation of the toxic intermediate, 3-hydroxypropionaldehyde, and resulted in high glycerol-to-products yield (>0.8) at high titer (>70 g/L). Co-production of 1,3-PDO and 2,3-BDO by K. pneumoniae alleviated metabolic traffic at the pyruvate node, reduced acetate accumulation, and enabled the maintenance of redox balance. Co-production of H2 and ethanol from glucose required the re-direction of carbon flux to the Pentose Phosphate (PP) pathway from the Embden-Myerhoff-Parnas (EMP) pathway. Increase in NAD(P)H supply enhanced ethanol production, and H2 and ethanol could be obtained with the theoretical maximum yields and negligible acetate. This lecture also discusses the challenges of the co-production strategy.
Prof. Sunghoon Park received Ph.D. degree in Chemical Engineering from University of California, Davis in 1988. He worked for CKD Pharmaceutical Co, Seoul, Korea in 1982-84, and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, CA, USA in1988-91. Since 1991, he is Professor at the School of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, Pusan National University (PNU), Korea. Dr. Park is former Editor-in-Chief of Biotechnology and Bioprocess Engineering (BBE) and currently, a Senior Editor of Journal of Industrial Microbiology and Biotechnology (JIMB). Major research interest lies in metabolic engineering and synthetic biotechnology for microbial production of biofuels and biochemicals from renewable resources. Dr. Park has published over 170 papers in peer-reviewed journals and holds >30 patents.
High Impact Coaching: What I can learn from award winning programs and each other to apply to my own practices of coaching
All coaches share the desire to coach with high impact, regardless of our niche or context for coaching. ICF-Toronto, trail blazer in recognizing high impact coaching through the PRISM award, is bringing together a panel of coaches and clients to engage in a conversation about high impact coaching.
Join us for an evening of sharing experience and wisdom through a short panel discussion, moderated by 2016 PRISM Sponsor Melinda Sinclair, with PRISM coaches, clients and judges - followed by round-table discussions.
Bring your curiosity and questions to learn more about what others do to create high impact through coaching to spark ideas that will fuel your own practice.
In order to apply for the travel grant you have to submit the final version of the manuscript first, and indicate that one of the authors is a student
If you did not check the student option, then you have to resubmit the final manuscript and correct the information
The application at the end will ask for the proof of membership that is required to receive the grant
The IEEE IES would like to conduct the following activities for IEEE Students and Young Professionals:
Travel assistance for IES Students to attend the conference. The number and rules of the IES-SPTA can be found on the IEEE IES website.
If your paper is accepted and if at least one co-author is an IEEE IES Student Member, you will be able to apply for the assistance.
Generally, we are going to prepare the following activities, but please note that these may change closer to the conference date:
IES Student Paper and Travel Assistance (IES-SPTA) presentations: 3-minute speech with video (a 3 minutes’ film).
More details about the Student and Young Professionals activity can be found on the IEEE IES website. Some advice on how to prepare your presentation (3-minute speech with three-minute video) can be found through this link:
Dr. Ahmadur Rahman Research Centre has been established under the direct supervision of CEITC and ICO for standard research activities. It may be mentioned that the ophthalmologists and other professionals have published 154 scientific research papers in national and international journals, since the establishment of the centre. The centre stimulates interest of research among the Doctors. Every year Institute of Community Ophthalmology publishes its Scientific Journal “Ophthalmic Horizon” through the Research Centre. The latest edition was published in the month of September, 2018. In this scientific journal the major articles are contributed by the Ophthalmologists, social scientists, optometrists and other enthusiastic researchers.
Have a comment, question, idea, or suggestion about the website? Shoot us an email at support@hookedinmotion.com. We look forward to hear from you!
Uniform is a symbol of equality and it creates uniformity among the students, the school uniform is therefore compulsory. All the students must come in neat and clean uniform as prescribed by the school. No student is allowed to attend the school without proper uniform.
Objective: This study aims to assess inequity in expenditure on sexual and reproductive health (SRH) services in India and Kenya. In addition, this analysis aims to measure the extent to which payments are catastrophic and to explore coping mechanisms used to finance health spending.
Read more about Inequity in costs of seeking sexual and reproductive health services in India and Kenya
Objective: To investigate the association between feeding patterns and HIV-free survival in children born to HIV-infected mothers and to clarify whether antiretroviral (ARV) prophylaxis modifies the association.
Read more about Early infant feeding patterns and HIV-free survival: findings from the Kesho-Bora trial (Burkina Faso, Kenya, South Africa).
Objectives: To assess sexual risk-taking of female sex workers (FSWs) with emotional partners (boyfriends and husbands), compared to regular and casual clients. Experiences of violence and the degree of relationship control that FSWs have with emotional partners are also described.
Read more about The Contribution of Emotional Partners to Sexual Risk Taking and Violence among Female Sex Workers in Mombasa, Kenya: A Cohort Study
Human rights abuses and collective resilience among sex workers in four African countries: a qualitative study
Background: Sex work is a criminal offence, virtually throughout Africa. This criminalisation and the intense stigma attached to the profession shapes interactions between sex workers and their clients, family, fellow community members, and societal structures such as the police and social services.
Read more about Human rights abuses and collective resilience among sex workers in four African countries: a qualitative study
Relationship between mortality and feeding modality among children born to HIV-infected mothers in a research setting: The Kesho Bora Study
Objective: To assess the relationship between infant feeding practices and mortality by 18 months of age among children born to HIV-infected mothers in the Kesho Bora trial (Burkina-Faso, Kenya and South Africa).
Read more about Relationship between mortality and feeding modality among children born to HIV-infected mothers in a research setting: The Kesho Bora Study
Survivors from the Gender-Based Violence Recovery Centre in Mombasa tell their story. Download it here.
Male sex workers who sell sex to men also engage in anal intercourse with women: evidence from Mombasa, Kenya
Objective: To investigate self-report of heterosexual anal intercourse among male sex workers who sell sex to men, and to identify the socio-demographic characteristics associated with practice of the behavior. Design: Two cross-sectional surveys of male sex workers who sell sex to men in Mombasa, Kenya.
Read more about Male sex workers who sell sex to men also engage in anal intercourse with women: evidence from Mombasa, Kenya
Background: Cervical cancer, a common cause of death among women, is attributable to human papilloma virus (HPV). Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection can potentially alter the incidence of cervical cancer. Prophylactic HPV vaccines are a major advance against cervical cancer. Epidemiological research on HPV and cervical cancer is therefore justified.
Read more about The Impact of Human Immunodeficiency Virus and Human Papillomavirus Co-Infection on HPV Genotype Distribution and Cervical Lesion Grade in a Semi-Urban Population in Tigoni, Kenya
Antiretroviral (ARV) prophylaxis effectively reduces mother-to-child transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV). However, it is unclear whether stopping ARVs after breastfeeding cessation affects maternal HIV disease progression. We assessed 18-24-month postpartum disease progression risk among women in a randomized trial assessing efficacy and safety of prophylactic maternal ARVs.
Read more about MONOGRAPHS -- Dr. Avina Sarna - Sexual Behaviours of People Living with HIV: Implications for Prevention with Positives
Our sex chat rooms are always packed with thousands of people online at all times, so finding strangers to have webcam sex with is easier than ever.To top it off, we provide you with 100% free live porn, so you'll never have to spend a dime.Experience sex chat at its best and give Sexchatster a try!This free sex chat room provides a registration-free experience where you can meet sexy girls and watch nude cams without creating an account.In fact, Sexchatster was voted as a “Top Cam Site” by Top Cam Sites and as the fastest growing site in our industry.See what all the hype is about by giving out sex cams a try right now!We're proud to present seven different ways for you to meet strangers online.Here is a brief overview of each type of adult chat room available to choose from: Are you tired of watching sex videos with no interaction?
You’re able to talk with guys on cam in either is exactly what you might imagine it to be; a sex cam site.If that sounds like what you’re looking for, then Whoa Girls will be a great fit for you! With categories ranging everything from Muscle to College Guys, you’ll likely find someone that appeals to you.What really stands out on this site is the high quality of their webcams and the user-friendliness of their chat software.If you want to watch the most impressive free nude cams online, we have what you're looking for.High definition visuals and audio make the cam sex shows at Sexchatster the highest quality adult webcam show you'll ever get to watch.
Using the app in conjunction with therapy has dramatically improved our son's quality of life. -- Bridget, Massachusetts I've been using the Live OCD Free app for about two and a half months..
In Hyderabad’s slums, Muslims have created vibrant political communities, while in Lyon’s elegantly explains how these divergent reactions originated in India’s flexible secularism and France’s militant secularism and in specific patterns of Muslim class relations in both cities..
It can also be used to gain experience for solo writers who want to write more realistic sex scenes, by exchanging ideas like sex position..
The color of the product in this page maybe differ from the actual product's color depends on the setting of the computer screen
2015 was another solid year for the Twin Cities and Edina housing markets. Buyer activity was up across the region, buoyed by low rates and unemployment. Seller activity was strong but inventory still somewhat restricted. These factors combined to create another great year of median price growth. Check out the details for the Twin Cities, Edina, and Edina Luxury Home markets.
The Twin Cities real estate market has made a strong comeback since the 2008 recession. A surge in buyer activity supported by low interest rates (3%), low unemployment (2.7%) and wage growth led to a 10-year high in closed sales, rising 14% over 2014 to 56,390 units.
Seller activity was up, with new listings reaching 77,380 units, marking a 5-year high in housing supply. Nonetheless, demand still outpaced supply, leaving buyers with less options in the past, but boosting median sales price to $220,000, marking an 8-year high and a return to the historic appreciation levels of 3-5% per annum.
The Edina Housing market continued to show stability and strength, with closes sales rising 6% to over 1,000 units, median price rising 4% from $380,000 in 2014 to $396,000 in 2015, and new listings up 8% to 1,631 units.
Overall, average market time was 94 days, up 20% from 2015, influenced in part by more luxury homes for sale, especially in the $1,000,000-$1,500,0000 range. And average list to sales price remained close to 95%. This year, look for a strong spring market in the Edina, with buyers accelerating their purchases ahead of forecasted rate hikes.
2015 was another good year for the luxury home market in Edina. There were 81 total sales, representing an 8-year high in closed sales and on-pace with pre-recessions sales levels. This mirrored the Twin Cities luxury market, which also experienced an 8-year high in closed sales at just under 500.
The median luxury home in Edina sold for $1,372,000 in about 90 days, fairly consistent with the last few years. The largest Edina luxury real estate sale was $3,795,000, brokered by Lakes Sotheby’s International Realty in Edina, which also brokered the #1 sale in 2013, and the #2 largest sales in 2014 and 2012. Sotheby’s continues to dominate the $1,500,000 and above segment!
Of the 81 total luxury sales in Edina, 45 (56%) were in Northeast Edina Neighborhoods, where most of the teardown activity has been taking place, and where you’ll find established upper bracket neighborhoods like White Oaks, Country Club, Arden Park, Golf Terrace Heights, and Minnehaha Woods.
There were 17 sales in Northwest Edina, where Parkwood Knolls, Fox Meadow, and Highlands reign supreme. The rest were scattered between Southeast Edina neighborhoods like Lake Cornelia, and Southwest Edina luxury neighborhoods like Braemar Hills and Dewey Hill.
As always, if you’re curious about where your home value is, or want a snapshot of sales in your neighborhood, just contact me and I will be happy to deliver the information at your convenience!
This is a list of U.S. Small Business Administration-backed loans approved in Oklahoma by the SBA during the period of May 10-May 16.
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions for your organization please email Shaun Witt for special pricing.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
More than 30 states have some version of an agency accountability office and as Oklahoma strives for a more efficient, well-intentioned government, this concept is worthy of serious consideration.
Journal Record Editor Ted Streuli was among six people selected nationally for efforts to raise public awareness about mental health issues.
About 30 Oklahoma law enforcement agencies have been certified to administer a rescue drug for opioid overdoses that has already helped save the lives of 30 people in the state.
Tagged with: Oklahoma Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services Terri White Tulsa Police Department
The Oklahoma Substance Abuse Services Alliance hosted a legislative forum Wednesday to stress the importance of funding mental health and substance abuse services.
Oklahoma Watch has scheduled a public discussion with state health leaders on the risks that state budget cuts and the downturn in the oil and gas industry could have for Oklahomans’ physical and mental health.
The widow of Oklahoma's slain land commissioner wants a legislative committee to support assisted outpatient treatment for the mentally ill.
Terri White, commissioner of the Oklahoma Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services, is one of 48 state policymakers selected as a Council of State Governments’ Henry Toll Fellow for the Class of 2015.
Every year, thousands of Oklahomans with mental-health or addiction problems call or show up at state-funded treatment centers and get little or no care.
The dining room table inside Karie Dove’s rural Bridge Creek home is a patchwork of papers. Many are written in the dry, technical prose used by insurance companies. The story they tell, however, is one of heartbreak and financial disaster for Dove and her family.
After a meeting with the state's top elected officials to certify the revenue available to spend starting July 1, House Speaker Jeff Hickman told reporters that every revenue stream and budget request will be analyzed to find out where reductions will be made.
Gov. Mary Fallin, legislative leaders and the head of Oklahoma's prison system are among those who met for an inaugural meeting Monday to discuss solutions to the state's rapidly growing prison population.
A good growing season for Oklahoma’s watermelon industry means plenty of delicious treats at Rush Springs’ annual harvest festival, organizers said.
Dear sisters, I would like to invite all women to join me on a quest to understand and acknowledge the beauty of Hijaab.
As Muslims, we submit ourselves to the commands of Allah Ta’ala and the guidance of Rasulullah Sallallāhu Alayhi Wasallam.Each person, regardless of age, gender or status will be judged on the Day of Reckoning according to his or her actions and intentions. NOBODY is exempt from the divine laws of Allah Ta’ala. The Hijaab is a divine injunction placed upon fellow sisters who have are regarded as adults in terms of Shariah, through attaining puberty or 15 years of age if puberty is delayed.
Every woman needs to understand that it is a law of Allah Ta’ ala and to don the Hijaab. Through donning the Hijaab she will Insha’Allah:
Islam preserves the modesty, beauty and worth of women. We have been commanded in the Quran to lower our gazes and to draw our cloaks(veils) over our bodies (Hijaab). We have been commanded not to exhibit ourselves or to mix freely with non mahrams. A rose smelled too often loses its fragrance.
It is mentioned In Abu Dawud Rasulullah Sallallāhu Alayhi Wasallam, indicated to Asma (Radi Allahu Anha) that when a girl reaches the age of puberty, she should cover herself except for 2 areas, to which he pointed to the face and hands. In these times of fitna when people’s passions are aroused in various ways, the Ulama have ruled that the Niqaab or Purdah (face covering) is Waajib.
It may be of any colour. Many women opt for the black abayas as they are concealing, least attention seeking and easily available commercially.
Wear ‘migrating’ scarves which sit on your head exposing a lot of hair, or which otherwise sits on the shoulders.
It is so hot, so I am afraid that when I put it on I will not have the willpower to continue with it and will stop.
But if I cover up, then my husband will gaze at other women and what if he leaves me because of the Hijaab?
All these excuses have no merit in them. We are ambassadors for our Deen. We are the flag bearers of Islam! We are the flag bearers of Haqq!
As a professional, I can vouch that Hijaab can still be maintained at the workplace, as many sisters wear it with pride. It is hot in summer, yes. But surely we can choose to wear light cotton clothing underneath our non revealing abayas.
Do not think about falling off the wagon, because if you do then you most likely will. Think positive thoughts that the Almighty will be pleased with you and that His pleasure is above all else.
And to my dear sisters who will wait until after marriage to wear the Hijaab or who refuse to wear it because of fear of divorce, do not become a slave to your suspicion. Be stylish at home and ignore the whisperings of Shaytaan. Keep your faith strong and seek help from Allah Ta’ala.
It is easy to forget that hijab is not just a dress code or a piece of cloth, rather it is a whole personality. If you are wearing hijab you are representing islam, and to be a hijabi who swears, backbites, does not exercise bashfulness, and openly gazes at men, is an absolute contradiction. We should take example from our beloved prophet Muhammad s.a.w, and the excellent sahaba/sahabyah of his time, who were the most pleasant, polite and kindest of people. Hijaab is beautiful, so let your personality also benefit and be beautiful!
Secondly, it is also easy to forget the importance of making sure the head covering/scarf is covering the chest area, and often the hijab has become about covering the hair only rather than the neck and chest too.
Lastly, hijaab is a beautiful way of expressing our identity as strong and proud muslim women, be confident and allow your inner beauty to shine!
Sisters, your role in society is like the role of the archers in the battle of Uhud. They were not at the forefront or in
My daughter is to get married but is suffering from PCOS and hair loss. As such she wants to get trichology treatment for
I have been married since years but no kids reason is my husband poor report but he didn’t do take any treatment which hurt
I am very much depressed these days since I got forcefully married to my cousin that I despised from the very beginning. I just
I am 24 years old and I have lost alot of weight. As a result, I have been left with very unattractive deformed breasts
I hv a friend from Australia. Last day, he asked about is it right that if moslem died in disaster, they have been guaranteed
Can you please assist me by giving me detailed info on the colours of discharge to see when one is paak & napaak.
I want to take shahada, I have been considering it for two years, but I’m really scared of sinning afterwards. Should I wait until
If a 10yr, old girl sees brownish coloured discharge, which lasts a week. She has not had any haidh before or since then (this
My question is regarding new Muslims – sometimes they claim are following islam but in reality, they are not praying fasting etc, Can give
Tests, trials, tribulations and calamities are all a part of life, but it is our status as believers and our relationship with the divine reality
When a person undertakes a long journey, he ensures his mode of transport is safe. If he is traveling by motor vehicle, he will have
I want to know I have got a divorce and have started my iddah but went to my nanny house does this mean my
My first question is if we read Surah Ikhlas 10 times does that mean Allah will give you a Palace. Second question is that
I am here in saudi to perform umrah i have been in ihram since three days because of my menses and now i think
Almighty Allah has blessed us with so many bounties that it is impossible to enumerate the bounties of Allah Ta’ala. While we are required to
I am married to a muslim man.I would like to become a muslim too.please sent me relevant information about the religion esp. the rsposebilities
My husband works for his father. When we got married we lived with my in laws and so his meagre salary was sufficient because
Abu Hurayra (Allah be pleased with him) related that the Prophet (Allah bless him and give him peace) said, “Allah Most High says, ‘I am as
Just to clarify a woman is able to recite ayatul kursi whilst menstruating with the intention of dua.
If I’m traveling to a distance of 600km and going to stay at the destination for 3 weeks but will, in the middle of
I suffer from disease called vitiligo (a disease that causes loss of skin colour in blotches). Can i apply medicine on my face in
I would like to know that what all discharges nullifies the prayer that we have to do ghusl and pray. When i am closer
Husband and wife went for Hajj, whilst in Saudi the husband passed away. Can the widow proceed with the rituals of hajj without a
My question is about Mahr, how much is the Mahr value ? is there any ruling about how much it should be? purpose of
I’m a girl in my teens and recently I’ve been confused. My periods are usually irregular so I haven’t gotten them for 2 months.
Alhamdulillah, One Humanity; under the supervision and guidance of Hazrat Mufti Ebrahim Desai Sahib is now offering you
I would like some guidance for tarbiyah, Alhamdulillah I have two Hafiz Quran sons, At fajr time they are very lazy to go pray
I have 6 fasts of ramadhan which I missed due to menses. Will my 6 fasts of shabaan be considered as the missed one
Is it permitted in Islam for women to use pills during Ramadan to delay her menstruation period? I don’t want to miss laylatul Qadr
Ramadan is a special time for Muslims all over the world. There are many favours and blessings bestowed upon the creation by Allah Ta’ala during
Almighty Allah has made it easy for a woman in Ramadan during her menses for she is still able to get the same rewards as
Do you remember the days when after finishing a long year at school we finally got a couple of months of vacation? There was so
I am aware that plucking eyebrows is not allowed in Islam. Are we allowed to bleach a part of the eyebrows? Knowing that this
Assalamualaikum Mufti Saheb, I am really sick spiritually it feels like my heart is sealed. I don’t get inspired by any deeni talks
Kindly advise what i can do with regards to wearing the hijaab during umrah and haj. Wearing the cap purdah is extremely difficult and
I have done nikah but due to some unfavourable conditions rukhsati has not been done yet. Can I meet my wife before rukhsati. If
It was narrated that Zayd ibn Khaalid al-Juhani said: The Messenger of Allah (peace and blessings of Allah be upon him) said: “Whoever gives iftaar
Im going to take khula frm my husband. I have married him 6months ago, n he is not physical with me from 6months, we
What would you recommend a husband and wife should pray during pregnancy? Any particular Surahs from the Quran or particular Duas? Is there anything
Muhammed Ibn Maslimah (RA) narrates: ‘Verily, Allâh has certain ‘breezes’ (of mercy) during the year. Expose yourselves to it. Perhaps one of these breezes blows
The month of Sha’bân is one of the meritorious months for which we find some peculiar instructions in the Sunnah of Rasûlullâh (Sallallahu alayhi wasallam).
If a salaah is missed whilst traveling, does the qadha remain kasr (2 rakaah instead of 4) or should it be read in full?
A Masjid is a key and central point for the propagation and worship of Allah. The key and fundamentals of Deen are imparted
Rajab is one of four sacred months [Ash-Hurul Hurum] in the Islamic calendar. It is said that it is because of their great sanctity
I am in love with a boy. Both of our family knows about it and they do not have any objections. We planned to
I would like to know what is a hadeeth and the virtues of hadeeth. Please provide an explanation in detail.
We are well aware of the dark clouds of homelessness, poverty and hunger of the people in Malawi. As
One Humanity is established & dedicated to serve mankind irrespective of race, gender, and religion. One Humanity is functioning under the auspices of Mufti Ebrahim
I saw videos in YouTube where speakers like Dr.Zaik Naik and others are of the opinion that women should do I’tikaf in Masjid. They
What is the ruling on a woman whose menses has terminated, but she is working or at school, and has no means to perform
I am a female who needs to work in a neighboring city. From the city limits of my house to the city it is
Know, my dear Muslim sister, that you are man’s sister and half of humanity. You are a mother, wife, daughter, sister, aunt, grand daughter or
I want to ask that is Islam its ok for a woman to live alone but why can’t she travel alone without a mahram?
Dear Shaykh I want to ask why do people look down upon women who cannot conceive kids, didn’t the prophets wife Aisha RA also
I have been married for four years, my husband lives in Saudi Arabia. I have a child , 3 years old. My husband though
A great quality, in fact probably one of Hazrat Aisha’s most distinctive virtues was her generosity. This inspirational quality truly can be gauged from the
I would like to ask that is ruqyah from quran and Sunnah? Did the Prophet also do this treatment and is there any
Is the Nikah valid if the husband gives mahr to his wife on the day of Nikah in front of the bride’s parents and
I would like to know that can a women initiate a divorce in Islam? If she isn’t happy and being mistreated. And how do
Sometimes in the eggs there are eggs with a drop of blood or a clot of red colour. Is it permissible to consume these
I have a question today about discharging zakat. I don’t have any of my own savings or money except a little spending money I
What is the sharai ruling on women uncovering their hands and feet in Salah as well as outside Salah? If this is not
Is it permissible for people to snap pics of people without their permission? For eg you go to a shop and it says photography
I have so many Qada prayers almost 5 years. InshaAllah within a year or two I’ll be getting married. I want to finish
I have been referred for a colonoscopy scan. I have asked for a female docter but unfortunately there are none available. I even told
My question is regarding custody of children after divorce. My sister has 3 kids, 2 boys and a girl. The boys are 4 and
It’s easy to get caught in a routine with your life. You get so used to getting done what you need to during the day
It is ironic that some people prepare for the short distance trips but prepare nothing for the long journey!!
Muslim Brothers/Sisters: Every creature in this life has a known provision and a life term, when one’s provision and life term are over, then it is
Khaliat Nahal or the Bee Hive Bun is a common Middle Eastern sweet dish which is typically filled with cream cheese and then glazed with
I have heard we will get whatever we desire and whatever we wish for. And I think (might be wrong. Only Allah knows
If a woman is in iddat and is on a contraceptive pill can she play with her pill to shorten her iddat period by
My Husband wants to divorce me and end this marriage of 2.5 yrs. We have a son of 1.5 yrs. He says he never
A woman started bleeding after the birth of her child. She bled for 35 days. Thereafter her bleeding stopped for a complete day. She
Me and my family are at Makka now for Hajj within 2km of Masjid ul Haram. should the ladies pray at hotel and can
Some people offer a lamb or a goat, whereas some people partake in the sacrifice of a cow or buffalo or a camel? Please
My wife wanted to know if she has to wear a hijab in front of my father (her father in law); as we read
Hello, I am a convert. I was married in a Christian ceremony before my conversion. I have since separated from my husband 8 months
I want to marry someone but my parents don’t agree with me they want that i should marry with richest person. I first tried
Ramadhan is a special time for Muslims all over the world. Here in South Africa, we too, are eager to partake in the bounties and
I would like to know that is it necessary for a pregnant woman to fast? If she has lost alot of weight during the
I’ve been bothered about this for a while and all of the people I’ve asked never really gave a satisfying answer.
I love a man who lives abroad. We are serious with each other. Due to immigration status he can’t come in England. I live
My question is regarding my married life.. Its been two years of my marriage and I recently gained motherhood.. My baby is 20 days
If one is in the state of istihatha, and wakes up to pray the tahajjud prayer just a few minutes before fajr, after praying
For example:dating a boy/girl (being boyfriend and girlfriend),chatting to each other,receiving phone calls from each
I am in Ihram in Umrah and I washed my hands with scented soap after coming out of toilet, what do I need to
Now I am 33Years still I didn’t married I don’t know what is the reason still not married please tell me what to do.
✏ Often parents see television as a babysitter. Parents need to keep the children quiet as they do their own work. What they
Mufti Ebrahim Desai Sahib commenced his talk by highlighting the power of a spousal relationship. The world population is approximately seven billion which constitutes people
The word ‘Rukhsati’ is an Urdu word literally meaning farewell. The word is generally used when the bride leaves her home and her family and friends bids
My husband had an illicit love relationship with a non Muslim and a child was born.What is the ruling regarding this child? Does he
✏ Many parents leave the job of training to school teachers and society, not realizing that the education system today in most places
My question is regarding parents fighting and being separated. They have been fighting my whole life with as time passes fights have gotten uglier
My wife was into her 3rd month of pregnancy. She was fasting one day and it was about 3pm in the afternoon that she
kindly advise if in the picture accompanying the hadith , the pictures of the head gear of the 2 women , depicts the
Children are a very great bounty of Allah. One of the ways by which we can be grateful for this priceless bounty is to train
I’m a revert to Islam. I reverted years ago and since then i have been regular with my prayers Alhamdulilah. I also learnt reading
Harcha is a Moroccan pan-fried bread made from semolina. Moroccans prepare it for breakfast or an evening snack. Harcha is usually served tea time or breakfast;
I would like to query the use of platinum rings for women…If Mufti could give clarity as to whether its allowed or not
We are what we eat. Today we complain our children are disobedient towards us, but why the surprise? If we feed our children haram (even while in
A good Muslim couple are working in the following manner. The husband sits in the shop and the wife who is in niqaab visits
My mother and I do not get along. She dislikes me to the extent where at this point (since I’m 21) she just wants
We are a muslim owned company and unfortunately a senior Christian staff has passed away. Some of our muslim male and female staff members
If someone is on istihaadha, obviously they have to do wudhu for every namaz. Do they also have to change their sanitary towels also?
Is it permissible to get a brazillian wax at a salon? Is it also permissible to get a full body wax at a salon?
Beauty and adornment is the nature of women. Shariah also encourages women to beautify themselves for their husbands. If
I have a question pertaining to Talaq. I have given my wife a single talak ,but only later found out that with the issuing
There has been a big craze regarding a game called Pokémon Go. I wanted to know the Shariah perspective as to whether we could
I get yellowish vaginal discharge usually 3 or 4 times a day. I did wudu at around 11.20 am I started praying zuhr salah
I’m currently 5 months pregnant, and am in constant dispute with my husband. We’ve been married a year only and this is my second
A female friend who is unable to have children is thinking of adopting a child under the age of 2. She wants to take
Salaams if you can’t remember how many qadha ssalaah you missed, how do yo make intention for those salaah when doing qadha.
I am married for almost 10 months and we are trying to have a child since the beginning of marriage but till now
I’d like 2 know, if a women rubs her finger inside the vagina, and touches the cervix and notices pink blood on the tissue,
1) The Patient: The woman who remains patient in all circumstances, and never whines, moans and complains. When some trouble or affliction hits her, she
A: Fasting is an act of worship (ibadat). It is one of the Fundamental Principles (Pillars) of Islam. Allah
We are created in this world to invest for the everlasting hereafter. An intelligent person will understand this and focus his attention towards preparing for
Is it the husband’s responsibility to look after his wife and children and cater for their expenses if they separate?
A couple has been married for 23 years who have been happy until recently. In the past few months the husband has been less
I want to know if you can wear the tikka jewellery as a fashion accessory. Or anything that’s dangling in the centre of your
Can a wife ask for a divorce because her husband wants to take a second wife. ps he cannot even look after the kids
There is a message going around that a wife does not have to cook. A husband must provide three times cooked food for the
It wasn’t love at first sight. That would have been impossible, considering I’ve never ever seen Him. But I know Him, far better
He is the first of the four most illustrious sahaabah (radhiyallaahu anhum). His name – Abu Bakr As-Siddique (radhiyalaahu anhu), well-known for his close companionship
In these days, we live under the conditions of spreading hardship and high prices, and trouble and suffering in pursuit of living and sustenance; and
I have recently reverted to Islam. There is a man who is interested in me and wants to make me his second wife. i
It is astonishing how people pounce on this worldly life and rush for its vanities. Is this their utmost goals and highest aims! It is
What kind of cloth should wear a Muslim women to cover her body, please let us know with reference with quran and hadith. My
What is your view regarding the so called halal nail polish. Is it permissible to use even though it maybe waterproof? Nabi saw haduth
I am a female currently in my fifth of sixth year of studying medicine. These last few years entail mostly working in hospitals.
The problem I’m facing is my partner got involved with non-Muslim woman while I was away for a few months. He has repented for
I’m female medical student. My parents have been married for over 30 years. Recently, I found out that my dad might have a relationship with
My parents force me to do everything I don’t want to and don’t let me do anything I want. They do not even want
Is the 40 days after you give birth a tradition or Islamic? Women stay Indoors for 40days after giving birth
I have a major problem Mufti Sahab. There seems to be no barakah in my life, no happiness, no peace nothing. Every time I try
This worldly life has come upon us with its adornments, we rushed into it competing and conflicting about its vanities. Hence, it has distracted many
Do the rules of purdah apply when one has adopted a child? Also, is inheritance and other issues the same as with a biological child?
Marriage is considered an ibaadah, an act that is pleasing to Allah. It is in accordance with His commandments that husbands and wives love each
Is it permissible to keep photos or Digital photos of people who have passed away? We have a family tree website that has all
As a practicing doctor I kindly ask you, if there are any religious reasons speaking against the operative extraction and freezing of ones
Like my biological parents don’t love me and now I think that I don’t love them either due to some huge differences between us. Can
Allah gives the toughest battles to His strongest soldiers, a fact we should keep safely sealed in our minds each time we are faced with
My mother is going to end her iddah period in the next month. I want to know the rules and regulation pertaining to end
Why should you, a young Muslim, be helping to bring your friends closer to Allah? After all, you’ve got your own struggles to deal with:
A woman in ‘iddah of divorce used pills to stimulate her menstruation. Between every cycle there were fifteen or more days of tuhr. Has
Is applying makeup Haraam? I am not talking about the make up which comes in different colours but the colour which blends with skin
A charity is organising a sisters’ only fundraiser where they will participate in paint balling & raise funds for Gaza. If this is incorrect,
“…They were youths, yet mature youths, their eyes fresh and free of evil, their feet refrained from approaching falsehood and futility. They sacrificed and expended themselves
There are many things that one can do to help oneself pray qiyaam al-layl (the night prayer), among which are the following:
I have been in a relationship with a guy for 8 months. Recently we broke up, the reason was due to his anger and
I am trying to raise my children (10 and 6) to the best of my abilities, trying to impart to them the deeni aspect
If a person wants to fill a container he will first ensure that the container is clean. If the container is not clean he will
There’s been a recent video released and participated in by many notable British ‘practising’ Muslims termed ‘Happy British Muslims’.
Please give me an advice how to keep balance between job and private life: my work is very demanding both physically and psychically although
How do women have to pray salaah behind imam in Masjidul haram? What should they read in each rakah and sajdah rukuh?
What was the prayer of ayub as and what was his story of hardship that mentioned in Quran? Can we read same prayer?
Would you explain please the difference between Wajib and Fardh? I understand they are both obligatory, but what is the difference?
How is it possible for a Muslim woman who has no mahram to migrate from a non Muslim country where practicing Islam is difficult
Is it permitted to wear Arabic calligraphy scarves, cloaks or bags? There is no Arabic words just letters put together to make a design?
My question is about hijab for sisters- do they observe hijab from non-Muslim women the same as they would of non mahram men? Can
What exactly should our intention to make for making qadha salaah? How should we say the wording please explain.
I would like to know the permissibility of doing a pap smear for females, I am a nurse in internship currently and want to
I have heard of a function which is called ‘let loose’. In this function there will be a book launch. Only females allowed are
What does Islam say about a situation where husband and wife are willing for something, but the mother-in-law disagrees.
I ask your advice, I always commit sin and promise Allah I will never do it again, and I will try my best to
Please tell me about making qada salah on salah missed in the plane while travelling. When we reach home do we have to repeat
When does hijra become compulsory for muslims? Does hijra only become compulsory if there is a Islamic state?
Can a woman on a periods make istikarah dua for marriage or any other reasons? Or does she has to wait until she finishes
I would like to know if in Jannah there house with families that we will be reunited with, and in Jannah men will
Is it true that we all met Allah as souls before being born? That some souls prostrated to Allah whilst others did not?
I have a question regarding camel hump hijab… I have read this hadith quite a few times that Mohammad (s.a.w) have said that paradise
In these times of turmoil in Syria, please can you enumerate all those Ahadith that speak about the virtues of Al-Shaam.
I have a question regarding hadith on the black flags. Is it true and how authentic is the hadeeth something to the effect that
If I forget and recite the same surah in the third or fourth rakah which I read in the second rakah. What should I
I am female 40yrs old I have a problem I am unmarried and it has never bothered me at all I understand everything happens
I am a Muslim revert of almost 3 years. I met my husband through the Imam at our local masjid. Initially my husband was
The word `Eid` (عيد) is derived from the word عود (to return) since the celebration of Eid returns with the blessings
Whoever would like to know if he/she loves Allah or not, then let him check his relation with the Qur’an. Whoever loves the Qur’an then
Can we slaughter an animal for Udhiyyah with intention of Sadaqah and reward for that person who is living but is unable to perform
Does the previously done wudhu of a woman who has Istihadha break with the beginning time of each Salaah?
1. If a woman has Istihadha and makes a fresh wudhu for Asr. Then she begins to read Qur`aan Shareef. The time of Maghrib
I missed many years of prayers which I cannot calculate and many years of fast. Rarely I do, but only when I felt. But
I met a boy at an Islamic convention. We were volunteering together, and had some small conversations here and there – nothing private, nothing
I would like some advice on where to do udhiyyah. In some countries the same udhiyyah is for £15 whereas others range from £60
My mom in law stays with us permanently since the day I got married. The problem is she back bites about my husband and
Is it ok to do makeup for brides and for women that are going to social events? Most brides these days do not have
My friend is engaged to a boy since 2 years. She accepted the offer because her family wanted her to marry him. She learned
Salāh at-Tasbīh is a prayer that carries great reward for the one who prays it.[1] ‘Abdullah bin al-Mubārak (may Allah
1) A sister is going for Hajj, she wants to know if she is allowed to take the contraceptive pills? There are many different
I intend to go on hajj this year. However, I will be menstruating whilst traveling so i will be pure just in time for
I am married for almost a year. I feel like most of the time my husband doesn’t really love me. He’s never affectionate, or
Why do females get half the inheritance amount of males? Also, why are stoning, honour killings so prevalent today in the name of Islam?
Can I take a contraceptive pill to prevent my period during Hajj? As the doctor told me that the pill may not completely stop the
The person sold their property with the intention of purchasing another property, the purchased property was
‘Ruz- b haleeb’ which translates to ‘rice in milk’ is a traditional Lebanese dessert typically served on special occasions. Simple, delicious, and easy to make, this desert is perfect for summer
Due to having a baby at the beginning of Ramadan last year, I was unable to fast. I have not been able to keep
A boy has proposed to get married to a girl and she has accepted. Both parties’ families are happy. However as the boy is
One of the biggest examples of shaytan’s deception is on the day of Eid. Muslims strive their utmost during the whole month of Ramadhan yet
A woman is fasting and by Zuhr time she sees that she has her haidh. will it be makrooh to eat on that day?
Graphic designers and artists need images of perhaps the green dome and ka’bah shareef for posters and books. Does this fall under the same
1) Is it permissible to wear jewellery on the forehead and the side of the head, called Mirzan-e-Parva?
A boy and a girl want to get married. Both families are happy except the mother of the boy. She disapproves of the nikah
If the husband says over the phone says ‘ here’s your talaaq,take it and go, here’s another talaaq,take it and go and here’s your
It is agreed that there is a difference between the salaat of a male and female for which there are numerous dalaail, the only ikhtilaaf
I wish to congratulate you for the great help and teachings we are always receiving here, whether it pertains to new Muslims or getting
Q: During Ramadhan one slept until sunrise and didn’t partake of the Suhoor meal, if one continues to fast is the fast valid?
The best way to make this Ramadhan a most profitable and successful one is to fix yourselves a daily routine. Within a few days you
The life of this world is nothing in comparison to the life of the Hereafter. The experiences, happiness and sorrows of this life are microscopic
I feel so worthless and i feel like a loser in life. This affects my Imaan and i feel lazy to do prayers.How do
Is there any basis for meman, surtee, Urdu etc. for marriage? Why do people place such importance on that?
My husband and I have been married for years and have 3 children.When we got married I knew that my husband was poor whereas
In the books of Fiqh (Jurisprudence), the Fuqahā (Jurists) generally state the rulings for three types of fluids (discharges) experienced by women.[i] They are as follows:
With the arrival of a wedding or special occasion in the family many of us find ourselves busy from months before making all the necessary
The fifteenth night of Sha’bān is commonly referred to as Shabbe Barā-ah or Lailat al-Barā-ah, which means the night in which Allāh’s decision of forgiveness
Over the centuries, many Ulama have cautioned the Believers about the dangers of listening to music. Whilst many Muslims have listened, others have chosen to
I am a 4th year female studying medicine. From this year onward, the teaching is primarily practical training which requires us to work in
A couple has a certain amount of gold which is in the custody of the wife. Will she have to pay on her own
I neglect all good actions when I’m faced with difficulties in life. How should I improve in becoming a good Muslim?
Basbousa is a traditional Arab semolina cake popular in the Middle East. There are many different ways to prepare basbousa according to region and country;
Is it permissible for the husband to take back his wife after giving her an irrevocable divorce (Talaaq-e-Ba’in)?
If a man irrevocably divorces his wife once but takes her back without a new marriage contract then is his marriage valid ? If
“The road to Allah is free from those who have doubt, and those who give in to their worldly desires. It is full of those
Can you please provide us with some guidelines regarding the national anthem being sung by our school during its various functions?
I need to know if supporting any sports teams or clubs is allowed in Islam? And by supporting, I mean like being a diehard
Is it true that burning of Bakhoor, Oudh and other incense to fragnate the air through its smoke is Sunnah?
In today’s world, a lot of young people are afflicted by a serious illness that is even more deadly than any virus or bacteria. It
A lot of such messages with unknown source keep on roaming and people spread these messages without confirming their authentication and when someone tries
On Friday Jumu’ah for women who doesn’t go to Jumuah and they pray Zuhr at home instead, do they have to do ghusl on
The first thing you should do to enable you to study with ease is to condition your mind to love what you are studying. The
I am currently studying and working full time, while my husband is also working but we have no children yet. Unfortunately, we have an
Give yourself a moment; think about the person who you love the most, the person that you are most attached and close to. Think about
It has been just over a year into my marriage.Soon after my marriage, my mother in law started building pressure on us to visit
The Prophet (SAW) said: “There are two blessings in which many people incur loss. (They are) Health and
I am recently engaged and Inshallah will be married soon. I was talking to my fiancé on the telephone and we started discussing the
Will a married woman be able to choose a husband in Jannah if she does not desire to be with her husband in Jannah?
The wives of the believers will have their husbands in Paradise, and the unmarried woman will have whatever man she desires in Paradise.Is it
Please give me information about Salah on travel. I have to attend my classes after having a journey of 3 hours. I miss my
I was divorced recently. All my belongings (clothes, jewellery, household materials, etc.,) are still with my ex-husband and his family. We never asked them to
According to Shariah, the husband has to maintain the wife whether she has wealth or not. We will be discussing the following points:
I have a slight problem. I am meant to marry someone who is acting weird towards me he gets angry over anything I say.
Dear Sister! Your Beauty is not in your Features or the Shade of your skin, or your Possessions. True Beauty lies in your Heart and in
My son wants to marry a Shia girl as he is in love with her. I am worried and concerned about my son’s future
I wanted to know if I should start Niqab, I am 12 years old and just hit puberty . My mom wants me to wear
I live in Saudi Arabia and I noticed that most women (99%) completely pluck their eyebrows and paint them. It is also common in
My question is regarding reciting Quran in the form of Dua while a woman is in her periods. Is it permissible to recite Surah
I want to ask you a question related to kindergarten of my son. My son’s birthday is just near and they told us to
I entered a large society. I walked through its districts and roamed through its squares. I wanted to explore its condition and discover its hiding
I am aware that upon doing dua, one should persist and not become impatient saying, “I did dua but it was not answered.”However, one
If there is one good reason I can think of to take care of my back and keep it healthy, it is so that
Can I give fidya for my deceased mum’s missed salaahs from my own share of inheritance? or is it obligatory for all brothers
Many of our fellow brothers and sisters feel ‘lost’, defeated, and depressed. It seems to be that in the hustle and bustle of this Dunya
I am currently studying the aalima course and I began as a very dedicated and determined student. However, overtime my dedication and determination to
If I buy any kind of food, and realize it is Haraam right after I buy it, will it be better to throw away
Many people experience acid re flux , a condition in which gastric juices from the stomach flow back to the esophagus. Do you ever experience a feeling
Marital disputes and lack of love between the spouses is a very common occurrence in today’s society. For some it has even become a regular
Inshallah literally means if Allah Wills. Whatever we do depends upon the will of Allah Ta’ala. If Allah wills anything to happen, then it
I wanted to know that do women need to cut 1 inch of all the hairs after performing Umrah or only cutting an inch
A woman is a Musafir. Her Haidh starts 2 days after she reaches her destination. She becomes paak after 4 days. Does she continue
Is it permissible and is there any leeway in Sharia for a Muslim woman to marry a non-Muslim man? Recently in the UK some
Her cheeks were worn and sunken and her skin hugged her bones. That didn’t stop her though; you could never catch her not reciting Qur’an.
Sheikh Mufti Ebrahim Desai Sahib commences his teaching (Dars) of Bukhari Shareef at Darul Uloom Nu’maniyyah, Chatsworth |Durban| South Africa. January 2013
Can you please help me to understand the wisdom behind menstruation? Not the physiological, but the spiritual and Islamic wisdom behind it. For a
I want to seek suggestion about marriage Wazeefah. I was divorced for more than 3 years.Please give me suggestion that how can I get
Big city, bright lights, cars flash by in fast lanes. Young Muslims are getting ready to hit the night scene. Branded shoes and designer clothes
Allah Ta’ala has granted us human beings with innumerable blessings and bounties. He has made us the best of creation and made other creations subservient
I am 20 and have loved a boy and we both wanted to get married. His family had no objections. However, my family did
(Low price on line shopping store for ladies, such as hair accessories, hijab pin, beauty tools and wholesalers,.)
ladies and girls imported tops,outfits,cloaks ,sameeras and now also rhine stone kaftans with scarf’s.
Kiducate-Islamic Educational Resources.Puzzles,flashcards teaching wuduh,salaah,duas,Books,etc. Ideal as gifts.
I have reverted to Islam 5 years ago Alhamullillah and I learnt to perform ghusl and wudu from one of my male friends and
The perfect motivation for kids this Ramadhaan. Its a 56mm bright and colourful badge that has “Alhamdulillah I am fasting today!” .
There has been much discussion with regards to celebrating 12th Rabī al-Awwal. You must be well aware of all the academic arguments in that
Alhumdullilah for many years I have been praying Tahujjud Salaah, but recently I have felt it may be better to leave my Tahujjud and
So I would like to get your opinion on an issue that I have with my mother. Whenever I am with my friends and
Is there any authenticity with the concept that it is Sunnah to sleep with your face facing towards Qiblah and that one should keep
Please help me in my problem. I am a 31 years old. I am very sad and depressed because I am not blessed with
Rose water is a miracle product brought to us by nature. It has lots of naturally good things like the Vitamin A and C and
Is dating allowed in the case that the guy promised to marry the girl when he is ready? This could take a year or
“So let man observe from what he was created. He was created from a fluid, ejected, emerging from between the backbone and the ribs.”Al-Qur’an
1.) Is Mahr Fatimi preferable even though the boy is not financially sound enough to afford or is rich enough to afford more than
When women go through their days of the monthly period , can they touch or read books on hadith for ex: books on autobiographies of our
“We need this at every moment, every silence, and every look. It is the subject of being conscious of Allah, the Majestic and most high.
While at work I never try to initiate any talk with males, except if needed. Some of the males at work do not pray
“It is very important for the sisters to take upon themselves the role that they do best and if they won’t do it, no one
Parents generally worry about the worldly well being of their children and make great sacrifices for their worldly comfort. The actual concern of parents should
Irish stew or “stobhach gaelach” as it is called in Gaelic (Irish language), is one of Ireland’s national dishes.It is traditionally made with mutton or lamb,
I am from Arabia living in USA. I was engaged at a very young age to a relative who I had never seen or
“The stronger a person’s connection with his Lord becomes, the more he will feel peace and enjoyment. It was once said to Ibn al-Mubarak: “Who are
The real knowledge of Shari’ah which comprises primarily of Quran and the noble Ahadith of Rasulullah Sallallāhu Alayhi Wasallam is not only information contained in
I’m going to get married soon. I need to be prepared for a great responsibility ahead before and after marriage. I’d like to have
This is a message to the non-Muslims of the world. I wish to echo this message in every building, slum, desert, house, media outlet and
I live with my parents in law, but I am not from their family like my sister in laws,so my mother in law
Is there any Qadha for Nafl prayers like Tahajjud prayer and is there any punishment when you leave it out?
Nourish your patience with worship, and nourish your certainty with your connection to Allah and nourish your sincerity with pure dedication and reliance upon Allah.
After returning from work, school, travel, or whatever has separated you, begin with a good greeting.
I know that banking and credit cards are Haraam due to involvement of Riba (interest), is it permissible to have credit card and
A young woman went to her mother and told her about her life and how things were so hard for her. She did not know
I have been married for few years. I have young kids.My husband does not give me any time. And more specifically, does not have
My dad is constantly faced with troubles. We were told that somebody had tied some evil spell and black magic to my dad long
Nowadays there are brands of nail polish which do not require nail polish remover to take it off, it simply peels off making it
I have a sister in law who for some reason is jealous of me and occasionally says bad things about me in family gatherings.
I am married for one year. I have read various ahadith and learned that a man should be kind to his wife and do
I’ve been told that premarital relationships are prohibited because they lead to premarital sex, and that makes sense in the old times, when contraception wasn’t as
I made a Qasam to Allāh that I won’t ever cut my hair. I am know in my 50’s and have developed psoriasis on
How to do I deal with my son who has a Christian girlfriend , my son was exposed and brought up in Islam, We
As Muslims, it is our responsibility to remind and invite people toward the beautiful Deen of Islam. Somewhere, somehow over the years, we have become
These Kebabs are made the Syrian way – filled with nuts and barbecued on a stick. You can also fry them until they’re half done,
I reverted to Islam few years ago. In the past year I have become a better Muslim and started practicing Islam. However, I struggle
When the menses period of a woman terminates – how does she establish when to perform ghusl? For example: does she wait for the
Pregnancy is a great bounty of Allah Ta’ala. The condition of pregnancy is also a great act of Ibadah.
Mufti Ebrahim Desai Sahib (Hafidhahullah) first expounds on some technical issues of the lunar calendar and then advises how to deal with the thoughts
A person won’t be discouraged by those who differ from him and those who stand against him, since they less in importance
How heavy the Qur’an is upon the immoral and how heavy is worship and prayer upon the immoral hypocrite! The prayer is so heavy upon
As surely as sardines swim north and birds fly south for the winter, come the mid and end-year break my family goes touring. Everything movable
While the Muslims in the west continue to enjoy the bounties of the worldly life, their brothers in Gaza, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Sudan, Nigeria, Yemen,
My husband and I are involved in the work of Tabligh. Although I have firm belief on this work, but sometimes people around you
Is white discharge considered Najis (Impure)? If a women prayed with clothes that had traces of white discharge than will her Salaah be accepted?
I work overseas and away from my wife. In my free time I do Da’wah work online. Some time ago I met a non
Muharram is the month with which the Muslims begin their lunar Hijrah Calendar. It is one of the four
I tend to get stressed out very easily. And because of that I often get anxiety attacks leaving me sick and unable to sleep.
As the year end approaches and many people are planning their holiday destinations, make sure you make an appropriate and mature decision for your
I want to know, if a man was a good practicing Muslim, but he gave his Muslim wife divorce three times, and then gave
At a Madrassah class recently, our Muallima explained to us the importance of checking our Niyyah before, during and upon the completion of any
“Deeds without sincerity are like a traveler who carries dirt in his water-jug. The carrying of it burdens him, and it brings no benefit.
Let us not forget the great virtue of spending the night before Eid in worship! Hadhrat Aisha (Radhiallahu Anha) reports that Rasullullah (salallahu alaihi wasalam)
From amongst the first 10 days of Zul Hijjah is a very special day known as Yaum-ul- Arafah which falls on the day before Eid-i.e.
I have read in many leaflets that reciting the takbirs in the Hajj days is only compulsory for men and it is preferable for
During the season of Hajj, while many prospective Hujjaj will be preparing for Hajj, the entire Muslim world focus will also be on Hajj
If at the end of the day when cashing up your business you find extra money in your till, perhaps due to an error
During the season of Hajj, while many prospective Hujjaj will be preparing for Hajj, the entire Muslim world focus will also be on
It was the early hours of the morning and Fatima lay in her bed, unable to sleep. She simply couldn’t understand why she was targeted! You
I am married for 5 years, my husband does not takes responsibilities of me and my children. Wherever I need to go, he says, go
Hadhrat Ibn Abbas (radi Allahu anhu) narrates: Rasulullah (salallahu alaihi wasalam) said: “There are no days in which righteous deeds are more beloved to Allah than
Is it necessary for a wife to accompany her husband to conferences and business tours? Will it be sinful if the wife refuses?
There he lay, on the burning sands of the Arabian desert with a heavy rock placed upon his chest. Unable to move a limb and
I am married and have four children Alhamdulillah, my mother in law seems to be in control of them, I cannot make any decisions
I have recently started wearing Niqab after taking my husband’s permission. He said I could if I wanted to. My life has
While performing Hajj is it necessary that the Niqaab of a woman does not touch her face while she is in Ihraam?Can she give
Hadhrat Umar (radi Allahu anhu) had no time for sleeping.He was engaged in the service of Deen twenty four hours daily, literally speaking.While engrossed in his obligations,worldly or
I have memorized 18 Juz of the Quran, Alhamdulillāh, but I have a serious problem which, being a Hāfiz, should not have happened. I
I gave my husband my email address password, and since then he keeps checking my mail. He checks my inbox, sent items
Is it Islamically correct to say,”Happy Birthday!” On someone’s date of birth? I have noticed many people write such terms on their
The following is a poem by a very dear companion of Rasulullah Sallallāhu Alayhi Wasallam, Hadhrat Hasan Ibn Thaabit (radi
During the season of Hajj, while many prospective Hujjaj will be preparing for Hajj, the entire Muslim world focus will also be
When it comes to womens sajdah in the Hanafi madhab they are required to put their arms on the ground. It seems as
Is fashion shows and high teas encouraged in Islam where women leave their homes and dress up to participate in these events especially prior to Ramadaan please advise
Please inform me about the Nafl Salāh of the day ex. Ishrāq and Awwābīn etc. when they should be performed, and what should be
I want to know if it is permissible not to meet close relatives who don’t fulfil their basic Islamic obligations, such as salah and fasting
My question is how to obtain Allah’s forgiveness and His blessing for my life? My life until recently has been full of immoral relations with
One woman came to a learned person and began crying. The learned person consoled her and then asked her her problem. She said her husband
Is it permissible for a woman to spend extended periods of time watching male dominated television shows even if they are of
I fell in love with a man for the first time of my life few years ago and it didnt take too long for
Almighty Allah Ta’ala says in the Quran: “Life is from a decree of my Lord.” (Surah 12 Verse 85). The above verse is self explanatory on the
I am a 4th year medical student. I don’t wish to practice medicine after graduating because i wish to spend proper time in learning
Next time you look in the mirror, instead of asking Allah to increase your beauty, ask him to beautify your Iman. True beauty is not
Cupping is a therapeutic process of removing unclean blood from the body . It is a form of medical treatment which has been recommended by
Its not that we can’t do something; the problem is that we believe we can’t do it. This is the problem. It is a psychological
‘The Zikr of Allah is something that will not cost you any time. We all have very busy lifestyles and many a times we complain
In Islam, the criterion for rejoicing is a religious achievement. We successfully fasted throughout the month of Ramdhaan, performed Taraweeh, gave Sadaqah and performed
Indeed the value of Ramadān only comes to the fore once the month has terminated or will only be realized on the day of Qiyāmah.
I suffer with hysteria; so I get senseless at times. I have consulted numerous doctors and asked my husband to consult a
Winter is upon us here in South Africa, which means that it is soup season! Nothing beats the winter chill like a steaming bowl of soup.This Thai-style chicken
The familiar smell of incense sticks being lit in each room reminds me with pleasure that the auspicious month of Ramadan has finally arrived. Naturally,
Assalāmualaikum. I would like to know that Umar Radhiyallāhu Anhu banned women from offering prayers in the Masjid while there are several Ahādīth
Tell me dear sisters in Islam, who else would fast 21 long hours a day, suppressing their desires, forsaking their food and drink and then
I’tikāf is a unique ‘ibādah (act of worship) whereby a person forsakes all his activities, secludes himself in the masjid and directs all his
Hadhrat Aisha(Radiallahu anha) said: I asked the Messenger of Allah: ‘O Messenger of Allah, if I know what night is the night of Qadr, what
I have been married for few years and have children. We have been living with my parents for the last six years. However,
The month of joyous celebration and goodness has arrived. Whilst we rejoice at its advent, let us stop for a moment and try to imagine
At this time of the Islamic year, just days into the most blessed month on our lunar calendar, life should have slowed down significantly
A long time ago, a girl named Li-Li got married and went to live with her husband and mother-in-law.In a very short time, Li-Li found
What should a woman do when her husband constantly swears at her and at the kids calling them bad names and even saying that
Looking for something easy, quick and healthy to have for Suhoor? You may want to try this filling Date and Banana smoothie packed with nutrition.
A tsunami of mercy is about to hit us. An eruption of mercy is on the verge of exploding. A downpour of blessings is on
Physical fitness can best be defined as the body’s ability to function optimally in order to meet the daily demands imposed on it. Physical
When we pray Salaah should we cover our chin? I’ve heard alot of things about it and just cover it for precaution but
Sometimes Allah seems distant, but in reality He is very close. The distance may be in spiritual terms, Allah with his infinite wisdom is teaching us
Allah is the name of the one and only God. The Quran mentions 99 beautiful names for Allah such as: The all knowing, the wise,
Alhamdulillah we once again find ourselves in this beautiful month of Ramadhaan; an opportunity for us to strengthen the bond with our Creator by
Islam is the name of the religion that Muslims believe in. The root name of Islam is salaam which means peace. One of the beautiful
Abu Darda Radiallahu Anhu reports that I have heard the Prophet Sallallahu Alaihi Wa Sallam saying “Whoever recites this Duaa in the beginning of the
1) When something commendable is observed in the child, congratulate him and reward him. Similarly if something undesirable is seen, then reprimand him for it.
My question is regarding celebrating birthdays. I don’t celebrate birthdays, but my family members do. Every year my in laws take my daughter
In order to derive the utmost benefit from the sacred month of Ramadhan, it is crucial to recognize the spiritual significance and import of this
The ship of Ramadaan has docked bringing its precious cargo of Barakah, Rahmah, Istighfaar and for all the Dua’s of the Mumin to be answered.
My question relates to a women’s place being at home, i have heard that if a wife goes out to work she takes away the
Most parents complain that the younger generation (their children) are dis-obedient, ill-mannered and disrespectful. It appears that the main cause of this rebellion lies in
I missed some fasts because I was breastfeeding. I could not make them up before the next Ramadhaan because I was still breastfeeding. Do
I am going to be getting married shortly.The girl that i am proposed to is pious and Deeni conscious,however im not too sure of getting
Is fashion shows and high teas encouraged in islam where women leave their homes and dress up to participate in these events especially prior to
If you can’t manufacture a product, you obtain it from the manufacturer.If an item is not available in South Africa, you import it from China
Someone asked Hasan Basri(rahmatullahi alayh) ‘’what is the specialty of the people of Tahajjud? Their faces are more radiant than the faces of others’’. Hasan
As a young boy, Abbas, one of the sons of Harun Rasheed liked to talk and listen to good religious people. He would visit graveyards
The chieftain of the tribe Banu Mustalaq was Harith bin Abi Dhirar, who was an arrogant man drunk with his power and wealth. He had
As we proceed into Ramadhan InshaAllah, we have to realize that almost another year has gone by since the last Ramadhan and it will never
I received a proposal from a boy.I heard he is a pious good brother. I’m inclined to him because he is pious. But
I have heard that if a wife goes out to work she takes away the Barkat of her husbands earnings, i would like to know if
Every woman, whether she is a minor or an adult, has a right of ownership in financial and property issues. This is clearly understood from
A man once came to Shaykh Shibli (rahimahullah) and said, “Shaykh I want to die, I don’t want to live anymore!” This feeling is what
As a personal trainer, when asking potential new female clients what their reasons and motivations are for starting an exercise programme, all too often the
I have question about the month of shaban. Can you please tell me the importance of this month and also tell me what can i
Every well awaited thing is valued and appreciated. By nature, man does not appreciate and value divine favors, because it comes his way without any
what is the ruling for a woman who has long hair and split ends in her hair is it permissible for her to trim her hair?
When we intend to embark on a Journey, we prepare excessively for such a journey. When we are informed that a highly respected guest intends
I have many nephews and nieces (aged 6-13) but it hurts me to see them spend their time away during vacations in useless pursuits
In nearly every culture, people use metaphors that directly or indirectly allude the heart. We call people ‘hard hearted’ because they show no mercy. Likewise
There is a saying, ‘the world of today is an expression of the world of yesterday and the world of tomorrow is an expression of
A beautiful woman uses her lips for truth, her voice for kindness, her ears for compassion, her hands for charity and her heart for love.
It’s an icy cold winter’s morning sitting in the comforts of my home and enjoying a hot cuppa coffee. Suddenly feelings of inner contentment and serenity engulf me. It dawns on me
The environment at home is one of the most important factors that shape the personality of a person. Establishing a good environment will give a
As a medical professional, it is disturbing to come across the numerous cases of reported poisonings, especially in the incidents of “Accidental ingestion.”
A wise man once said, ‘the more I learn the more I learn how ignorant I am.’ Seeking knowledge is like getting into a boat
One of the best reasons to make your own facial masks is because you can normally find the ingredients right in your home – or
I heard that Mahir Zain recently started making nazams without music but in the sub titles of the Nasheeds on you tube it says
The World is a place of challenges and difficulties. We all face challenges and difficulties. Hereunder are some ways of problem solving :
I am battling to lose weight. I do not have the will power. Please give me a dua to read to control apetite and
So remarkable is this incident that it has always had an inspirational impact on all those that ever came to hear of it. The story
I have a teenage son who is a Hafez.He does not listen to us,he goes out when he wants and sometimes does not come
The blessed Sahabiyaat witnessed such an era where in a father used to bury alive his baby daughter, women were humiliated and then made to
It is by the will of Allah Ta’ala that winter is rapidly approaching. It is also by the will of Allah Ta’ala that many of
I am married for 22 years. My husband enjoys me showing him love, but he doesn’t like to show me the same kind of
You can’t seem to escape it-at shopping malls or garages, in public transport passing by, stop at the traffic light and your ears are blasted
Hazrat Mufti Ebrahim Desai Saheb commenced the program by acknowledging that many loyal and dedicated women do become victims of irresponsible husbands. He pointed out
I would like to know about the permissabilty of using emoticons on bbm etc. Is this the same as picture making?
When the sun (which is only a creation) in the sky can convert impurities to fragrant flowers, then what will be the condition of Allah’s sun
” If there were no calamities and hardships reaching the servants from Allah (Ta’ala), there would have been no way to
I am a reverted Muslim woman. I was born in hindu family and whilst I was in college I was influenced by one of my Muslim male classmate.During my
The pages of history are replete with accounts of unbelievable hardships faced by righteous men and their piety. Not only men but women too have
‘iddah (waiting period) refers to the period of time that follows a woman’s divorce or death of her husband. The length of this
How do I react to difficult people at work place who might be aggressive and quarrelsome. People who might not have any interest of
A Hadith highlighting the importance of paying debts; It has been reported from Muhammad bin Abdillah bin Jahsh that he said, “We were sitting in
After she was born, her mother took her to Baytul Maqdis in fulfillment of her vow. When she reached the Musjid. She informed the pious
“The sun should not set on a day in which no Islamic knowledge was gained. Make a plan for everyday of your life.” – Umme
Breathe in deeply and feel your body soak up that oxygen that was created by the Almighty Allah Taála just for you.
My family and relatives are strict Buddhist. We are from the middle class of the society. My family’s nationality
On Saturday, May 26th, 2012 Shaykh Mufti Ebrahim Desai conducted the second session on marriage related problems. He expounded that marriage is a commitment and
“The believers are only those who, when Allah is mentioned, they feel a fear in their hearts and when its verses are recited unto them,
Fatima (radhiallahu anha) was given a few titles . The first, ‘Umm al-Hassan wal-Hussain’ the mother of Hassan & Hussain. Another title granted to her was Az-Zahra
We are the Ummah of Rasulullah sallallahu alayhi wasallam and we have the honour of being the greatest Ummah. The outstanding features of Islam are
As Muslims we are blessed with reminders at the dawn of each Islamic month. The month of Rajab brings with it the beautiful all-encompassing treasure of Salaah.Let
My parents selected a guy for me and I spoke to him a lot of times and we both were completely happy to marry
One day, a brilliantly beautiful and fragrant flower with attractive colors met a pearl that lives far in the bottom of the sea and has none of the characteristics.
The first step to breaking the bad habits is to identify them. Only after identifying them can you decide to do something about them. Here
Rajab is the seventh month in the Islamic lunar calendar. This month was regarded as one of the sacred months (Al-Ashhur-al-hurum) in which battles were
A woman known for her forbearance, patience, determination and will power, she truly had inherited the intellect and wisdom, piety and sanctity, generosity and benevolence
I went to America after my marriage, and I couldn’t accept the kufr environment there. My husband has moved out of America several times when I
The status of the mother in Islam is a very noble and lofty one, and her effect is very great in the life of every
I recently got married. I was happy. After awhile something happened to my husband. His temper changed. It seems he has a dual policy
The righteous wife is the pillar, cornerstone, and foundation of the family. She is seen as the greatest joy in a man’s life, as the
She was one Of those who stood firm and resolute upon the worship of Allah when the Muslims were few and their success were only
In the near future there may be a situation in which I will be forced to work to help the financial situation
We wish to mention today with regards to the untainted character and purity of the blessed wives which made them examples of chastity. Let alone
In these testing times, only with taqwa and the awareness of standing in front of Allah can one stay away from sin. Everybody has
When I arrived at 6: am in the large hospital kitchen, Rehana was already checking some name tags on the trays against the patient roster.
We’ve all got our daily aches and pains but often enough, these are signs of underlying problems which may need to be addressed.
We are responsible for our actions as well as the consequences of our actions. The Consequence of our actions also yield reward and could be
Are Muslims allowed to eat cross buns? They are commonly sold during Easter holidays. They don’t have animal fat in it.
We wish to mention the inspiring characteristics of our blessed mother Hazrat Aisha (may Allah be pleased with her).A noteworthy quality was that she always
This delicious recipe is known as the crown of Afghan food. There are probably as many variations of this dish as there are villages in Afghanistan! This
Her name is Hannah, her husband’s name Is Imraan who is the father of Maryam.When she fell pregnant, she took a vow that when she
A marriage does not work when one half demands or seeks his/her rights. A marriage works when one half gives them self to serve the
There are generally four types of love: Love between the parents and children, love between the husband and wife, love between a student and a
Your relationship with Allah is more important than anything else, because you know for sure that’s a relationship that will last forever!
There are parents who allow or insist on their children studying subjects, after school, that are not appropriate for Muslims, e.g. Ballet, Modern dancing,
The most important aspect in the life of a human is his aqeedah. One’s belief is like the foundation of a building, the stronger the foundation,
Umar ibn Khattab ibn Nufayl ibn Abdul Uzza was the second Khalifa of Islam. He was a companion of Rasulullah (Sallallāhu Alayhi Wasallam) and succeeded Abu
Can Ladies dye their Hair other than black, using the different couloured dyes available in the market like Burgandy, Brown etc, not the Henna stuff?
Designed by women for the women-‘The Ideal Woman’ is home for women from the four corners of the world.
There she goes; that poor woman all covered on a scorching day, I’m sure she doesn’t own a single thing, do you think her husband
What is there that a woman may not do? Well Alhamdulillah, she can do everything except what Allah has forbidden her. The teachings of Islam
I got married one year ago but now my wife and I are having arguments and at times we don’t talk although we really
It is a myth that women in today’s society are liberated. From the stone age through to the space age, women have been incarcerated in
Hummus is one of the most popular Middle Eastern dips. Served with fresh or toasted pita bread, hummus makes for a great snack or appetizer.
As the days come to closer to one’s marriage, excitement, ecstasy and elation pump through the bride and groom. The build up to marriage is
Rasulullah Sallallāhu Alayhi Wasallam said: a person set out to visit his brother in another town and Allah
As Muslims we often read many articles about reforming our spiritual selves and sometimes we begin to neglect our physical selves. However the two go
Stress is an everyday occurrence for us all. Not all stress is bad. However, it must be kept under control to prevent undue harm to
A story of patience, trials, and testing times. The Hijrah of Umm Salamah (radi Allahu anha) and her husband was not as easy as imagined.Infact
With your beauty, you are better than the sun; with your morals you are more sublime than musk; with your modesty you are nobler than the
Assalāmualaikum. Recently I have been feeling a huge depression inside me. I have lost interest in studies and in any kind of work. I
Allah did not mention Taqwa first. He first mentioned the fact that He created the ability to sin within man. Now it is your duty not
Is it permissible to remove the hair from the eyebrows? What about the rest of the body for a female?
“Our Lord! Grant that our spouses and our offspring be a comfort to our eyes, and give us the grace to lead those who are
Your spouse will be the one you spend your entire life with. Your days and nights will be with her. When you awake from
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember what you have now was once among the things you only
When Allah created his creatures He wrote above His throne: ‘Verily, my Compassion overcomes my wrath. (Bukhari & Muslim)
Hadhrat Salamah bin al Akwa narrates: Then we moved returning to Medina, and halted at a place where there was a mountain between us and
1. Life would be perfect if :- anger had a mute button, mistakes had a reverse button, hard times had fast a forward button
Hidaayah is a famous manual of jurisprudence. It contains 24 intricate and complex chapters addressing the following:
My question is regarding periods. Earlier my habit was seven days but after delivery it changed to ten days. But again after my third
The prime reason for the creation of man is that he earns the pleasure of Allah.This depends on seeking knowledge of that which pleases him,
Laura Pistorious is a young South African white woman who used to manage a trendy cocktail pub at the beach town of campsby in Cape
Around the world billions of people enjoy drinking tea. It is a refreshing, soothing and thirst-quenching drink. Next to plain water, tea is
We are what we eat. Today we complain our children are disobedient towards us, but why the surprise? If we feed our children haram (even while in the
I’m a 19 yr old girl and my biggest fear in life is that I’m going to end up not being married. I haven’t
I have recently decided to try and change my dressing to Abbayas and Jubas and now wear my scarf properly, i have noticed how
Narrated Abud-Darda' (Radhi Allahu anhu) , I heard the Messenger of Allah (sallallaahu ’alayhi wa sallam) saying, "Whenever a Muslim supplicates for his (Muslim) brother in his absence, the angels say: `May the same be for you too'. {Muslim}
This forum serves to highlight some common marital problems and offer solutions to such problems.These problems have been personally witnessed and handled by Sheikh Mufti Ebrahim Desai (Hafidhahullah) over a period of 18 years.
When you are in a marital dispute, reconcile with your husband while you have an upper hand. This will be better for your dignity and personal happiness.
If you are stubborn or petty and lose that opportunity to reconcile with dignity, you may be forced to reconcile while you are on the back foot due to personal circumstances, then you will have to blame yourself for losing the opportunity to display your dignity which may negatively impact on the future of your marriage.
The 2 lucky blogs were Gretha and Dena and the winners drawn at random from the comments that were left are;
Well done ladies, email me at anne@liliofthevalley.co.uk and I’ll get your prizes sent to you, you have each won the 2 new clear stamps and your choice of 6 rubber ones from the new release
Thank you everyone for supporting the hop and for all your lovely comments, it’s very much appreciated by us and by the DT
Welcome back to Lili of the Valley's Ideas to Inspire Blog - all new for 2016! We will be adding all kinds of stamping inspiration as well as new stamping and stitching ideas! We have lots more on our Pinterest boards and you can also visit our Facebook page to show us your own cards and ask any questions that you might have. We are now on Twitter too @LOTVCrafts... just to make sure we reach everyone!
To make someone extremely or completely wet, especially through their clothing. Jane soaked the other kids to the bone with the garden hose. I hope the kids get home soon, or that rain is going to soak them to the bone!
stained concrete reviews vacuum for concrete floors best vacuum for concrete floors best vacuum cleaner for concrete floors vacuum cleaner reviews best selling best vacuum for acid stained concrete re.
As well as my other vehicles I have dug out some old buggies which I am aiming to finish off and use with the force. These are FlakBuggies or Ack Ack Buggies.
They use Flakwagon weapons (which I had used as Trukks in other conversions). Though the one on the end is using a Big Gunz instead.
Ork bulldozah (or would they call it a squigdozah?) for clearing all of the "akksidentz" off the runway.
Here is a conversion of an Imperial Basilisk Hull (older model version) with a crane made from the claws of a plastic Ork Battlewagon. The hull was filled with green stuff and a dozer blade from Epic40k models was added to the front.
The photographs show miniatures from the collections of Felix. You can click each image individually or click here (for those with bandwidth and/or patience) for a page with all the full size images on.
We are sorry, the auto verification process has failed. Please do it manually to get Eggtoken and Rubies
After successfull completetion of the offer, the resources will be addded to your account in just few minutes.
We are sorry, the auto verification process has failed. Please do it manually to get Credits and Token
I ran my first full marathon in South Africa and it was grueling. The course was all hills and it rained the whole time. I was pretty much last – I only saw one guy behind me and he was walking because of an injury. To be honest, I was just happy to finish upright and not to be the last one.
In Matthew 20 Jesus tells the story of some laborers hired to work in a landowner’s field. The men hired in the morning worked hard all day in the hot sun. As the day wore on, the landowner continued to bring in more workers. Then at the end of the day, he called them in last-in-first-out order, and paid them each a denarius for their work. The men who had worked all day were angry. They didn’t think it fair to get the same wage as those who worked less, and even worse, they were paid last.
Jesus uses this parable to describe the Kingdom of God where the last shall be first and the first shall be last. (Matthew 20:16) But how is this possible? When is being last actually winning rather than losing? When we exalt God rather than ourselves. When we surrender our will to His will.
The morning laborers failed to do this. Instead, they compared themselves to others growing angry, jealous and discontent. They doubted the landowner’s wisdom, motivation, character and sense of justice. Then they powered up to get justice for themselves. As the first ones hired they wanted special treatment – payment befitting of being first.
A mentor of mine says that forgiveness is the oxygen of the Kingdom. It sustains life. It makes Kingdom living possible. If that’s true, then perhaps comparison is the carbon dioxide of the Kingdom. It sucks the life right out. It steals our joy, faith, trust and love, and turns our focus inward. It defeats and implodes, and out of the dust rises pride and insecurity. And it hinders us from receiving and demonstrating God’s love. That’s why comparison is such an effective scheme of the enemy.
We can’t earn value through works, or attain it by comparing and striving to get ahead. Instead, we must put God and others first. That may mean last place for us, but there are both great lessons and great rewards to be found there.
I’ve never heard of a race where athletes train and run in hopes of finishing last. But then the Kingdom of God isn’t a typical race, and Jesus isn’t a typical coach.
In Matthew 14:22-31, the disciples left by boat while Jesus stole away to the mountainside for alone time with God. By the time Jesus was ready to rejoin the disciples, it was near dawn and the boat was far off, being tossed by the wind and waves. Jesus went out to them, walking on water. I love how that part is thrown in so casually and matter-of-fact, like he could have just as easily been walking down the street.
The disciples saw him and were terrified at first. It’s not every day you see someone walking on water. But today wasn’t going to be like every other day. Jesus called out to them, “Take courage! It is I. Don’t be afraid.” And that’s when Peter, empowered by courage and faith replied, “Lord, if it’s you, tell me to come to you on the water.” Jesus did, and Peter stepped out of the boat and walked on the water towards him. But then Peter saw the wind and became afraid, and that’s when he started to sink.
So often with this story we focus on Peter’s crisis of faith, the fear that crept in, how he took his eyes off Jesus, and Jesus’ rebuke. Maybe it’s because we can best relate to this side of the story. I know I’ve had times when I’ve bailed out on my faith, afraid of the winds and waves around me.
And even better yet, he actually did it! I think this side is harder to relate to because so often we hope for the best, yet expect the worst. We stifle our faith with a myriad of worst-case scenarios and back-up plans.
What would our lives look like if we retrained our minds to hope for the best and then truly expect it? The Bible teaches that through the power of Christ we can move mountains (Matthew 17:20), accomplish more than we can ask or imagine (Ephesians 3:20), and do even great works than Jesus Himself (John 14:12).
A desire of Ignite is to help leaders (of all ages) dream big, discover their gifts, and pursue God-sized goals. Goals help us move forward, focus on what’s important, prune away distractions, overcome obstacles, and ultimately accomplish great things. Goals are a good thing.
First of all, our goals should bring glory to God. Not ourselves, not anyone else. 1 Corinthians 10:31 teaches us that no matter what we do, we should do it for the glory of God.
As Pastor Rick Warren says in Transformed “Any goal that causes you to trust Him more, to depend on Him more, to love Him more, to love other people more, to serve God, to serve others, to be more unselfish”, that’s the kind of goal that honors God.
Anything and everything – from housework and yardwork, to going to school, raising children, even leading a multi-national corporation – can be done for God’s glory if done with the right motives.
Second, our goals demonstrate God’s love in the world. Philippians 2:3-4 says “Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility value others above yourselves, not looking to your own interests but each of you to the interests of the others.” That is what love in action looks like.
When we operate in love, we put others first, treat them well, partner with them, and accomplish so much more than we could ever accomplish on our own. An old African proverb says,
God won’t further goals that are motivated by selfishness, pride, jealousy or fear. But he will get behind (and in front of and alongside) goals that are motivated by glorifying Him and sharing His love with the world.
Goals are a good thing. And if our ultimate goal is to become more like Christ, then doing everything for His glory and His love is the path to success.
So, what goals are you currently pursuing? And are you pursuing them with right motives and right ultimate goal in mind?
In fact, what we think is the foundation for every action we take, our actions develop into habits, habits evolve into a lifestyle and thus our lifestyle propels us toward our destiny.
If so, then why is it that we allow all the negative talk, discouragement, and bitterness to reap havoc in our thoughts and emotions. If we truly know that our thoughts direct our outcome and destiny, why is it that our failures and disappointments are the focus rather than our destination.
God instructs us to renew our mind with His Word for a reason. He knew that our greatest battle, the only one that can overcome us, is in our mind. Whatever we focus on is guaranteed to become larger whether it be a problem or the solution.
Whatever is true and noble, right and pure, whatever is lovely and admirable if anything is excellent or praiseworthy- think about such things. (Phil. 4:8)
His truths will guide you and ensure you accomplish your purpose in life (seek His will in all you do and He will direct your path).
Discover what the truth truly is in those areas (hint: Look in His word and email me if you can’t find it).
I first took the FCG course which proved to be more than I was expecting as its name state, Foundation for Christian Growth. But in real terms it is nothing foundational rather intensive. After finishing it I took on God’s Plan as a second leg but I failed to finish it due to different storms which attacked me from all sides. So I took it again this year and I believe it came at the right time. I believe this whole plan was orchestrated by God himself.
As a result of attending this class I managed to establish a couple of classes at church for different level. The adult Bible study was established because of this God’s Plan for Christian Service course and a courtship class was also started seeing that we had more and more youth who are falling pregnant and becoming single parents.
Because of a better understanding of intercession, I began to teach relevant teachings to the youth and their parents. My teachings were improved and became more direct and simple for anyone to understand and as a result I saw growth of up to 50% of older men (fathers) attending the church and visitors who are touched by the gospel they received or heard from church. I have learned so much from this class.
We thankful for Pastors that are passionate about God and His direction and praise Him for multiplying their efforts!
When I was much younger, I lived with my grandmother in a small village. Often she would have to fight to get me to school because I hated it so much that I would pretend to be sick so she’d let me to stay home. When my mother visited us I acted out because she forced me to go to school.
My absenteeism was so bad that I had not learn to do the basics of grade r. During the year that I somehow completed grade r, my mom bought a house in Phuthaditjhaba. The following year she decided that I should move in with her so I could get a better education. However, I had to perform a test to determine if I was able to start grade 1. For the test, I needed to write the first five letters of the alphabet and count from 1 to 20. I failed miserably so I had to repeat grade r.
When I passed and moved onto the next grade I made new friends, all of whom surpassed me academically. I was seen as one of the dumbest children in class because I was struggling to write and read my name and surname. Whenever I was asked to answer a question in class the other kids would laugh at me and tease me because I always got it wrong. Their constant harassment changed me. I became a troublemaker and a bully because I was full of rage. I wanted to make their lives a living hell, so I ate their lunch and took their pocket money not because I needed money but because I wanted them to feel the pain I felt when they were laughing at me.
Grade 2 and 3 were very similar in that I always made friends with the bullies and was often in fights, we broke all the school rules. I passed grade 3 and was sent to another school because I still wasn’t doing well academically. I started playing soccer and joined a netball practice; I thought these activities would restore joy in my life and give me a reason to live because every day that I went to school I wished I’d die, knowing that I was always going to be a laughing stock.
In grade 5 my behaviour remained relatively unchanged. I was still enraged because of my incompetency. My teachers used to say that I would never make it in life because they had lost all hope in me. This pushed me deeper into the dark hole that I was myself in and I felt worse about myself. My self-esteem and confidence had been eroded, but my parents didn’t lose hope; they kept pushing and taking me to different schools and even paid tutors to teach me how to read and write. It seemed as if they were wasting their time and money, but God was in control. In grade 6 I started seeing things in a different light. My hope was renewed when I started to believe that God would change my situation.
When the time came to write my final exams I was anxious because it was becoming harder and harder to move on to the next grade. When I got my report I was so scared of failing but I got the shock of my life when I found out that I passed with high marks. I was even awarded a certificate for remarkable academic improvement. I was so happy because it was the first certificate that I had ever received in my life and I also knew deep down that God was busy sharpening my life for His own glory.
But in grade 8 I found myself wondering if I could do as well as I did before. Doubting myself; I cried uncontrollably in my room, wishing that I could die instead of having to go back to school where I would, without a doubt, be the school’s laughing stock. On the day that we were set to write an English paper, I was beyond nervous. Everyone seemed to enjoy the test but I was clueless. My nerves held me back as if I were instantly paralysed. It was then that I had an encounter with God that I still can’t quite put into words.
I’m now in grade 9, I’ve come to realise that it’s my time to shine and show all my full potential. It might sound impossible but I’ve come to realise that when you want something bad enough, putting your mind to it and doing your level best is the way to go. That and a little help from God.
Remember that God is not a son of man who can lie, nor will He change His mind. Like He said in Jeremiah 29:11 “For I know the plans I have for you. Plans to prosper you and not to harm you. Plans to give you hope and a future.”
Prosperity. Success. We may define it differently, but we all want it – for ourselves, for our children, for our children’s children. Fortunately for us, in Joshua 1 God gives us the secret to prosperity and success.
The Lord was busy encouraging Joshua in his new role as leader of Israel. Joshua had big shoes to fill after Moses, and was likely feeling a bit intimidated and unqualified. So the Lord promised to always be with him, and encouraged him to be strong and courageous not once, but 3 times. (4 if you count his soldiers saying the same thing.)
“Be strong and very courageous. Be careful to obey all the law my servant Moses gave you; do not turn from it to the right or to the left, that you may be successful wherever you go. Keep this Book of the Law always on your lips; meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do everything written in it. Then you will be prosperous and successful.” (Joshua 1:7-8, emphasis added)
While strength and courage are important, its obedience that leads to prosperity and success. And who doesn’t want to be successful wherever he or she goes?
Now, both the world in general and our American culture in particular have much different definitions. For example, Merriam-Webster defines prosperity as “the state of being successful usually by making a lot of money.” We tend to think of wealth, possessions, influence, and power, and then project that view on God thinking if we obey God we will be wealthy.
So if we determine that obedience leads to material wealth and power, yet it doesn’t work for that poor, single mom, then we’ve misunderstood the character and Word of God. Prosperity and success must mean something else…
The Lord tells us if we obey, then we will be prosperous and successful. Imagine if our values and goals, words and actions, marriages and parenting, work ethics and relationships were all rooted in God’s Word. Imagine if we modeled Christ in every area of our lives.
“Pray also for me, that whenever I speak, words may be given me so that I will fearlessly make known the mystery of the gospel, for which I am an ambassador in chains. Pray that I may declare it fearlessly, as I should.” Ephesians 6:19-20 (NIV)
Paul had just been encouraging the Ephesians to be strong in the Lord, to draw their strength from His and to clothe themselves with the full armor of God so that they’d be able to stand against the devil’s schemes. We’re in a spiritual battle and the enemy wants nothing more than to keep us from following Christ and from reaching others for Him. So he’s telling us to stand firm, gear up, and pray, pray, pray.
He tells us to pray for all the saints, then goes on to ask for prayer for himself. Why? Because he’s an ambassador in chains charged with sharing the Gospel. We can think of the chains figuratively, but in Paul’s case he was literally in prison in chains at the time.
As an ambassador, Paul was Christ’s representative. Christ chose him, entrusted him with the Gospel, commissioned him, sent him out to share it, and qualified him to do so. We are Christ’s ambassadors as well. 2 Corinthians 5:20 says this: “We are therefore Christ’s ambassadors, as though God were making his appeal through us. We implore you on Christ’s behalf: Be reconciled to God.”
Even in jail, Paul’s priority was doing the will of God, sharing the Gospel, and encouraging others to do the same. Paul doesn’t ask for prayers to get out of prison. His own comfort and freedom weren’t top priorities in his heart or mind. Rather, he asks to declare the gospel fearlessly – without fear of the enemy, without fear of man – as he ought to speak.
Whether we are in chains or able to go freely, we ought to proclaim the Gospel boldly, without fear. So what are some of the things that are holding us back from doing so?
Fear of rejection? Fear of persecution? Fear of embarrassment or humiliation? A lack of love for our fellow man?
Ask the Lord to reveal any fears that you have so they can be dealt with and you can be reconciled with God, ready to battle for Him and for those who don’t know Him.
As imperfect humans living in an imperfect world, we go through a lot. Trials, problems, injustices. And as Christians it can be even more difficult, swimming against the currents of the world, battling against attacks of the enemy.
But James tells us to be patient and not lose heart. Like the farmer who plants and then waits patiently for harvest, “You too be patient; strengthen your hearts, for the coming of the Lord is near.” (James 5:8)
I needed to be reminded of this today. It’s not like we don’t already know this – that we need to be patient and keep the faith when things get tough and prayers seem to go unanswered. But for me, I tend to forget as time marches on and pressures, doubts and fears try to push their way in.
Patience is such an important part of faith. It’s what keeps our faith engaged while we’re waiting on God. Patience is to faith what our feet are to the brakes in our cars. Obviously we keep pressing until our cars come to a complete stop.
Earlier this week I saw a great video segment from Andy Stanley. He spoke about our current presidential race how people are becoming weary of everything that is going on. He reminds us not to grow weary, to remember that we worship a God who is bigger than all of this and in always control.
And I love this – he tells us to “Stop scaring the children!” That’s exactly what our lack of faith does. It gives the next generation a pretty bleak picture – one of doom and gloom and an impotent, uncaring God.
James goes on to remind us that we have seen and heard of the Lord’s dealings, that we already know for a fact that God is full of compassion and is merciful (v11). James gives the examples of Job and the prophets who endured trials with patience, persistence and prayer. These are great examples to be encouraged by.
But they also remind me that I have examples in my own life…and you do as well. Testimonies big and small of when God showed up, came through, answered prayer, full of compassion and mercy.
We just need to remain patient and keep the faith for as long as it takes. And stop scaring the children!
God doesn’t judge the way the world does, based on possessions, power, influence or fame. Instead, He looks at how we love and how we demonstrate that love through the simple day-to-day things.
“Then the righteous will answer him, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?’ “The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’ “ Matthew 25:37-40
In this parable Jesus’ message is clear –how we love others and respond to their needs is how we love and serve God Himself. They are one and the same.
Food for the hungry. A drink for the thirsty. Welcoming a stranger. Clothing the naked. Comforting the sick. Visiting the lonely or imprisoned.
What these acts have in common is that they are simple – things that any one of us can do. They are also things that only the person being helped will notice.
Notice in this parable that those serving didn’t realize it was Christ they were serving. “When did we do that?” they asked. Winning His favor wasn’t their motivation. Instead their motivation was to serve purely out of love for others, even the least of them. As a result, their attitudes and actions were credited to them as righteousness.
Continuing on in the parable, you’ll see that those who didn’t help others, who may have had they known it was Christ they were serving, were separated out and judged as having the wrong heart, wrong motives and wrong actions.
Our Father is delighted when we love and help others without expecting anything in return. That’s how we experience the pure joy of serving.
And we needn’t think we have to do everything, fix everything or give everything that we have. That is not the goal. The goal is simply to love others well, and it’s the simple things can make such a difference!
Lord, please help me to be present in each moment, and to notice the people and needs around me. Show me how to help in the simple ways that reflect your love each and every day. Amen.
We hate spam just as much as you do! Don’t worry. We’ll never give out your personal information to anyone.
When you login first time using a Social Login button, we collect your account public profile information shared by Social Login provider, based on your privacy settings. We also get your email address to automatically create an account for you in our website. Once your account is created, you'll be logged-in to this account.
Joy Custom Stained Glass Studio windows bring inspirational color and timeless beauty to your church.
Joy Stained Glass windows bring inspirational color and timeless beauty to your church. Artist Russell Joy has designed custom stained glass for over 30 years for churches and residences from Boston to San Francisco. Our stained glass studio is proficient with a wide range of styles from traditional to contemporary, creating custom stained glass designs to complement any space. Our skilled professionals will listen and work with you to develop the imagery and approach best suited to your needs. Additional input opportunities are available throughout the design process. Clients may visit the studio to see their windows in progress, or receive progress photos via email.
Russell Joy has been designing and making stained glass windows for churches for 30 years. His ample experience gives his designs a superb attention to detail, a gentle finesse when developing subject matter, and the combination of artistic vision and solid construction which can only come from long experience. Mr. Joy excels in glass painting and fine detail work.
Joy Stained Glass Studio uses the finest glass available, ordered on a job-by-job basis to ensure each window is made from the best glass for the job. Made in Europe as well as America, most of the glass is hand-blown, which gives it a richness of color, and a crystalline quality not found in less expensive, machine-made glass. We order from many different glass manufacturers to ensure our clients receive the best glass for the price on each project.
Joy Stained Glass uses tuck glazing. At each lead joint, one piece of lead is tucked inside an adjoining piece and then soldered, giving the window added stability. Many studios use butt joints where the two pieces of lead are simply placed side-by-side and then soldered together, making a weaker joint. We also apply brace bars, mullions, and protective coverings with a sensitivity to the artistic composition of the window, bending bars around important areas when necessary so as not to leave a shadow across a face, for example. In every detail, on every window, we do our best work.
The best way to reach us is to fill out the contact form below. You may also send us an email directly or call.
So I returned home from RadCon (which was a fantastic weekend and you should’ve totally been there) to discover Enter the Janitor has been listed as a Finalist for the Compton Crook Award!
The Baltimore Science Fiction Society, Inc. (BSFS) created the Compton Crook Award in 1982 to honor the best first novel of the year written by an individual author in the Science Fiction/Fantasy/Horror genre. Since its inception, the award has been presented at Balticon — the four-day annual Maryland regional science fiction convention produced by BSFS, currently held on Memorial Day weekend in the Baltimore, MD area.
Owl and the Japanese Circus By Kristie Charish, Published by Gallery Books (Canadian Origin edition), Released 1/13/15
The Thorn of Dentonhill: A Novel of Maradaine By Marshall Ryan Maresca, Published by DAW, Released 2/3/15
It’s even more delightful to know that author friends and peers like Cat Rambo and Fran Wilde are on here as well, plus see books I’ve greatly enjoyed reading, such as Ferrett Steinmetz’s Flex. Congrats and good luck to everyone!
I have read a lot of urban fantasy--120 books, according to my tags--and it's very difficult to describe works in the genre as innovative and fresh... Josh Vogt, however, has created something incredibly unique in his Cleaners series.~Beth Cato, author of The Clockwork Dagger series
This TV show is celebrating its 25th season of bringing us the real-life fun & follies of our nation <i>America\'s Funniest Home Videos</i> 200 February 6, 2015
This weapon named for a fronteirsman has also been called the "Arkansas toothpick" a Bowie knife 400 February 6, 2015
(Jimmy of the Clue Crew reports from New York City.) This man, who became mayor in 1994, is credited with cleaning up Times Square (Rudy) Giuliani 600 February 6, 2015
Carroll Shelby had a dream that told him to use the name of this snake on the front of his roadster a cobra 800 February 6, 2015
Here's a piece of Americana, "Summer Party", by this folk painter Grandma Moses 1000 February 6, 2015
The America the Beautiful quarter that honors this Florida national park shows a bird with outstretched wings the Everglades 200 November 26, 2014
In 1930 Jimmy Dewar created this creme-filled sponge cake, which Hostess sold 2 for a nickel a Twinkie 400 November 26, 2014
Miss U.S.A. began in 1952; 3 decades later this word was inserted to start a new pageant Teen 600 November 26, 2014
This type of covered wagon used in the 19th century is named for a region of Lancaster County, Pennsylvania Conestoga 800 November 26, 2014
This boy & his dog Tige were major cartoon characters before becoming mascots for kids' shoes Buster Brown 1000 November 26, 2014
George "the Gipper" Gipp died 2 weeks after being named to this team made up of the best from around college football All-American 200 January 10, 2013
This accused ax murderess was back in the news in 2012 after her lawyer's original journals were discovered Lizzie Borden 400 January 10, 2013
O. Henry called this fall holiday "the one day that is purely American" Thanksgiving 600 January 10, 2013
Sandy Hook Light, the USA's oldest standing lighthouse, still operates in this state New Jersey 800 January 10, 2013
A little bird told us this Tennessee city that's home to Dollywood got its name from a river & an ironworks Pigeon Forge 1000 January 10, 2013
In 1939 Superman made his first appearance as a balloon in this beloved parade the Macy\'s Thanksgiving Day Parade 200 January 31, 2012
One fifth of the about 400 species at this Washington, D.C. attraction are endangered or threatened the National Zoo 400 January 31, 2012
In 1877 the Philadelphia Univ. named for this 3rd president opened one of the first teaching hospitals in the United States Jefferson 600 January 31, 2012
The Transylvania Co. hired Daniel Boone to blaze a trail through this gap to establish Kentucky as a 14th colony the Cumberland Gap 1000 January 31, 2012
In 1885 America got its first skyscraper, the Home Insurance Building, in this "Windy City" Chicago 200 December 4, 2009
Waterloo, N.Y. is the birthplace of this holiday, having first honored the Civil War dead May 5, 1866 Memorial Day 400 December 4, 2009
The Democratic campaign song in the 1932 election was these "Are Here Again" Happy Days 600 December 4, 2009
In the 1920s Shipwreck Kelly made a name for himself sitting high atop these flagpoles 800 December 4, 2009
This national memorial in the Black Hills is also called the "Shrine of Democracy" Mount Rushmore 200 February 16, 2009
The song "America, the Beautiful" says, "crown thy good with" this "from sea to shining sea" brotherhood 400 February 16, 2009
(Kelly of the Clue Crew reports from the Crayola factory in Easton, Pennsylvania.) In 1958, the 64-color assortment of Crayolas debuted; the box had this new built-in feature that later earned it a place in the Smithsonian a sharpener 600 February 16, 2009
This 4-word inscription first appeared on U.S. coins during the Civil War In God We Trust 800 February 16, 2009
She wrote the poem that says, "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free" Emma Lazarus 1000 February 16, 2009
His innovations include the first American newspaper cartoon (in 1754) & bifocals (around 1780) (Benjamin) Franklin 200 September 18, 2008
The first section of the boardwalk along this New Jersey seashore resort opened on June 26, 1870 Atlantic City 600 September 18, 2008
Alexander Hamilton was the first secretary of this government department the Treasury 800 September 18, 2008
Florida was named in honor of this holiday season, whose Spanish name includes the word florida Easter 1000 September 18, 2008
2 of the most performed songs in the U.S. after "Happy Birthday"; both were sung March 31, 2008 at Dodger Stadium the National Anthem & "Take Me Out To The Ball Game" September 18, 2008
In 1958 Crayola changed the name of its Prussian blue crayon to this "timely" blue midnight blue 800 February 25, 2008
The Caldecott is for illustrators; authors get this medal for the most distinguished American children's book the Newbery 1000 February 25, 2008
After getting lost crossing a California desert & suffering intensely, emigrants gave the area this name Death Valley February 25, 2008
Its state animal is the grizzly bear, & the state tree is a type of redwood California 200 February 13, 2008
Ironically, this symbol of America was cast in London in 1752 the Liberty Bell 400 February 13, 2008
(Documentary filmmaker Ken Burns delivers the clue.) My 1st documentary shown on PBS, and later nominated for an Oscar, was about this magnificent 19th century New York City structure the Brooklyn Bridge 600 February 13, 2008
Virginia City, Nevada & this nearby state capital are known as "Sisters in History" Carson City 800 February 13, 2008
If you want to go to the Texas State Fair, head for this "big" city, not the state capital Dallas 1000 February 13, 2008
This restaurant's Original Recipe features a secret blend of 11 herbs & spices KFC (Kentucky Fried Chicken) 200 July 18, 2007
The first ad sign in the U.S. using these lights went up on a Los Angeles car dealership in 1923 neon 600 July 18, 2007
Company lore says that a shiny black bathing suit gave this clothing store its name Wet Seal 800 July 18, 2007
The price of this iconic American item hasn't had a low rise; the low-rise type are $88 at Victoria's Secret jeans 200 May 31, 2007
As in the title of a movie & a TV series, it's game night for U.S. high school football Friday night 600 May 31, 2007
(I'm master carpenter Norm Abram.) The 1st old house we renovated was a run-down Victorian in the Dorchester section of this city Boston 800 May 31, 2007
These creatures usually contributed the materials that early scrimshanders carved whales 1000 May 31, 2007
The yellowhammer isn't Alabama's official state tool, it's the official state this bird 200 May 10, 2007
It's round! It's red! It's Tennessee's state fruit!--though some might call it a vegetable tomato 400 May 10, 2007
A statue known as "The Strolling Professor" seems to stroll through the campus of this univ. in Raleigh North Carolina State 600 May 10, 2007
Appropriately, the city of Great Falls is the seat of Cascade County in this state Montana 800 May 10, 2007
Counties in this state named for people killed at the same site include Floyd, Travis & Bowie Texas May 10, 2007
When G.I. Joe was introduced, he had one of these on his face; today, plastic surgery would take care of it a scar 200 January 30, 2007
In 1903 the American yacht Reliance defended this trophy against the Irish yacht Shamrock III the America\'s Cup 400 January 30, 2007
The U.S. Postal abbreviation for this American territory is "AS" American Samoa 600 January 30, 2007
The Kansas Statehouse mural seen here is entitled "The Tragic Prelude" & depicts this pre-Civil War firebrand John Brown 800 January 30, 2007
The Wally Byam Caravan Club International is for owners of this distinctive-looking brand of trailer Airstream 1000 January 30, 2007
Writing about his first voyage to America, Salvador Dali said that this city "looked like an immense Gothic Roquefort cheese" New York City 400 December 7, 2006
The motto of this 68-square-mile area is Justitia Omnibus, "Justice For All" Washington, D.C. 600 December 7, 2006
The von Trapp family of "Sound of Music" fame moved to this state in the '40s & built a ski lodge in Stowe Vermont 800 December 7, 2006
Appropriately, this river flows into Long Island Sound just below New London, Connecticut Thames River 1000 December 7, 2006
In Oklahoma, the scissor-tailed flycatcher is the official state one of these the state bird 200 May 17, 2006
Since 1962 it's been a tradition to dye the Chicago River this color for a special day in March green 400 May 17, 2006
The National Prisoner of War Museum is adjacent to the site of this notorious Civil War prison Andersonville 800 May 17, 2006
The bizcochito is this state's official cookie, so you can use it at Christmas as a "Santa Fee" New Mexico 1000 May 17, 2006
The fabulous Hawaiian estate of heiress Doris Duke is now a tourist attraction near Diamond Head on this island Oahu 400 March 24, 2006
This Chicago cemetery is the final resting place of Mies van der Rohe, but not--despite its name--of Elvis Graceland 600 March 24, 2006
You don't have to be in spitting distance to know that N.C. has 3 official festivals; 2 of them honor this fruit the watermelon 800 March 24, 2006
Love was in the air in 1969 when this state adopted the tourism slogan that says it "is for lovers" Virginia 1000 March 24, 2006
In the 1920s Alvin "Shipwreck" Kelly made a name for himself by sitting atop these, often for days at a time flagpoles 200 December 13, 2005
An air and space museum in Wapakoneta, Ohio is named for this Wapakoneta native Neil Armstrong 400 December 13, 2005
Robert E. Lee's wife, Mary Ann Randolph Custis, was the great-granddaughter of this first lady Martha Washington 600 December 13, 2005
In 1811 work began on the 1st national highway, the Cumberland Road, between Illinois & Cumberland in this state Maryland 800 December 13, 2005
Closed in 2002, this lavish NYC restaurant began as a place for immigrants to gather & drink tea the Russian Tea Room 1000 December 13, 2005
This missionary nurseryman did most of his work in Ohio & Indiana, where he died in 1845 Johnny Appleseed 400 November 21, 2005
Eli Bridge builds amusement rides like this one that's been making the rounds since 1893 a ferris wheel 600 November 21, 2005
In 1953 the Maryland Historical Society acquired an original 1814 manuscript of this for $26,400 "The Star-Spangled Banner" 800 November 21, 2005
(Hi. I'm Larry King.) This New York governor was the guest on the first "Larry King Live" on CNN June 1, 1985 Mario Cuomo 1000 November 21, 2005
The Liberty Bell weighs about a ton; this similarly named bell in Charlotte, N.C. weighs 7 tons the American Freedom Bell 400 February 23, 2005
Nimitz' line "Uncommon valor was a common virtue" was about the World War II battle for this island Iwo Jima 600 February 23, 2005
Robert Mills designed this structure that opened in 1888 & was built from 36,491 blocks the Washington Monument 1000 February 23, 2005
This South Dakota national memorial is also known as "The Shrine of Democracy" Mt. Rushmore 200 February 2, 2005
He wrote "The Tell-Tale Heart" when he lived in Philadelphia & a brick house he rented there is an historic site Edgar Allan Poe 400 February 2, 2005
This company makes more than 80 million kiss-shaped products every day at its chocolate factories Hershey 600 February 2, 2005
On May 14, 1804 this duo's Corps of Discovery started up the Missouri on a fact-finding mission Lewis & Clark 800 February 2, 2005
A Chicago doctor who made orthopedic foot products gave his name to this brand of wooden-soled sandals Dr. Scholl 1000 February 2, 2005
The theme park once known as Silver Dollar City got a makeover & in '86 was renamed this, in honor of a famous blonde Dollywood 200 January 5, 2005
New Mexico's state song, "O, Fair New Mexico", was written by the daughter of this man who killed Billy the Kid Pat Garrett 400 January 5, 2005
George Gershwin prepared to write this opera by studying southern black culture on an island off the Carolina coast <i>Porgy & Bess</i> 600 January 5, 2005
At the Cabildo in New Orleans, you can see the death mask of this ruler who ceded New Orleans to the U.S. Napoleon (I) 800 January 5, 2005
(Hi, I'm Gretchen Carlson of the CBS Saturday Early Show.) As a former Miss Minnesota, I know that the Minnesota state motto is "L'Etoile du Nord", or this "of the North" star 1000 January 5, 2005
The cereal that Tony the Tiger thinks is gr-r-reat is Kellogg's Frosted Flakes of this corn 200 November 19, 2004
The total weight of copper in this statue is 31 tons, though the copper sheeting is only 3/32 of an inch thick Statue of Liberty 400 November 19, 2004
For McDonald's fries, this portion found in the name of a documentary translates to 610 calories & 29 grams of fat Super Size 600 November 19, 2004
A 2003 stamp honored the bicentennial of this, often called the greatest real estate deal in history Louisiana Purchase 800 November 19, 2004
This white school shoe is named for the shape of the black leather piece that's over the middle section of the shoe saddle shoe 1000 November 19, 2004
El Paso has a 459-foot lighted one of these, also in the nickname of its state star 200 April 26, 2004
The Nelson Knitting Co. made these pieces of apparel that people made monkeys out of socks 600 April 26, 2004
Mary Edna Fraser, whose work is seen here, had the first one-woman show at this Smithsonian museum The Air & Space Museum 800 April 26, 2004
2-word title of the artwork seen here; New Englanders might call it "Spa" "Soda Fountain" 1000 April 26, 2004
Inside the Cabildo in New Orleans, you can visit the room where the documents for this sale were signed in 1803 the Louisiana Purchase 200 March 18, 2004
Some call it the "Queen State" because it was named for Queen Henrietta Maria Maryland 400 March 18, 2004
(Sarah of the Clue Crew) My beautiful steed was carved by Charles I.D. Looff, who designed the first carousel at this Brooklyn site back in 1875 Coney Island 600 March 18, 2004
The Western Meadowlark is one busy bird; it's the state bird of Kansas & of this state just north of Kansas Nebraska 800 March 18, 2004
This Northwest city's famed Repertory Theatre won a 1990 Tony Award for Outstanding Regional Theatre Seattle 1000 March 18, 2004
This Cambridge, Mass. university is named for a man who graduated from England's Cambridge Univ. in the 1630s Harvard 200 June 30, 2000
Race a Model T while holding a pig in your lap in the Pig-N-Ford race at this state's Tillamook County Fair Oregon 300 June 30, 2000
Roy Rogers once said his birthplace was roughly where second base at this city's Riverfront Stadium later stood Cincinnati 400 June 30, 2000
Want to see a 2,000-pound pillar of salt? Head for the New York State Museum in this city Albany 500 June 30, 2000
Johnny Cash once recorded a live album at Folsom Prison, just east of this state capital Sacramento 100 May 25, 2000
On its north, this state borders Tennessee; on its east, the Atlantic Ocean Georgia 200 May 25, 2000
With Hartford, this "New" city was joint capital of Connecticut from 1701 to 1875 New Haven 300 May 25, 2000
In 1860 this small Atlantic coast state had the highest percentage of slaves in the U.S. South Carolina 400 May 25, 2000
This "colorful" suburb of New York City on the Bronx River was settled by Puritans in 1683 White Plains 500 May 25, 2000
This Maryland city celebrated the 200th anniversary of its incorporation in 1997 Baltimore 300 July 6, 1999
The Actors Theatre of this Kentucky city is housed in a national historic landmark Louisville 400 July 6, 1999
In southern Florida, the "queen" type of this large sea snail is often found in chowder Conch 500 July 6, 1999
Literary magazine edited by O. Henry in 1894, or rock magazine founded in 1967 Rolling Stone 100 May 27, 1999
Pop Momond called his new comic strip in 1913 "Keeping Up with" this family The Joneses 200 May 27, 1999
A Confederate camp fire song about "eating" these called them "Goodness how delicious" Goober peas/goobers 300 May 27, 1999
It was incorporated as a city May 3, 1802 with its mayor to be appointed by the president Washington, D.C. 500 May 27, 1999
This state's motto is "Wisdom, Justice and Moderation" -- no mention of peanuts Georgia 100 January 28, 1998
Appropriately, tar was one of the first products made in this "Tar Heel State" North Carolina 200 January 28, 1998
Many a tall tale has been spun about this bruisin' & brawlin' "King of the Keelboatmen" Mike Fink 400 January 28, 1998
You'll find this author's boyhood home in Sauk Centre, Minnesota, 3 1/2 blocks west of Main Street Sinclair Lewis January 28, 1998
Shoppers, take note: the Potomac Mills discount mall is this state's No. 1 tourist destination Virginia 100 July 18, 1997
Midwesterners know it's the "Sioux State", as well as the "Flickertail State" North Dakota 200 July 18, 1997
Known for its Victorian homes, Cape May in this state celebrates Victorian Week every October New Jersey 300 July 18, 1997
Tahlequah, in this state, is the capital of the Cherokee nation, so it's home to the Cherokee national museum Oklahoma 400 July 18, 1997
The world's oldest Zydeco festival takes place annually in Plaisance, near Opelousas in this state Louisiana 500 July 18, 1997
During the 1800s, this Louisiana city was known as the "Paris of America" New Orleans 100 May 12, 1997
The Dock Street Theatre, one of America's oldest, was built in this South Carolina seaport in 1736 Charleston 200 May 12, 1997
It's the third largest of the Great Lakes; it's the third smallest, too Lake Michigan 400 May 12, 1997
A favorite spot for hikers, Pinnacle Mountain is 20 minutes from this Arkansas' capital's downtown area Little Rock 100 November 19, 1996
Now a social center, Lion House in Salt Lake City was the home of several of this man's wives Brigham Young 200 November 19, 1996
The District of Columbia's flag is based on this man's coat-of-arms George Washington 300 November 19, 1996
This Nevada mining city's camel races began as a fictitious newspaper story, then became an annual event Virginia City 400 November 19, 1996
Grace Coolidge was the 1st first lady born in this state; her husband was the 2nd president born there Vermont 500 November 19, 1996
On December 19 the people of this U.S. state celebrate Princess Bernice Pauahi Bishop's birthday Hawaii 100 July 7, 1995
In 1986 this New York capital celebrated the 300th anniversary of its charter as a city Albany 200 July 7, 1995
Lancaster, which has the largest stockyards east of Chicago, was this state's capital from 1799 to 1812 Pennsylvania 400 July 7, 1995
This Connecticut city famous for its university is nicknamed "Elm City" because it once had many elm-lined streets New Haven 500 July 7, 1995
Many men died searching for the Lost Dutchman Gold Mine in this southwest state's Superstition Mountains Arizona 400 November 15, 1993
In Douglas, Wyoming there's a 10-foot statue of this legendary animal that looks like a jackrabbit with antlers Jackalope 500 November 15, 1993
Pierre L'Enfant could have told you this famous hill was once known as Jenkins Hill Capitol Hill November 15, 1993
The U.S. flag code says red, white, and blue bunting should always feature this color on top blue 200 November 20, 1987
When Connecticut's Lieutenant Governor presides over the state senate, he sits in a chair made of wood of this tree Charter Oak 300 November 20, 1987
Signs urging tourists to stay in North Dakota say "Custer was healthy" when he left there bound for this state Montana 400 November 20, 1987
John Scott Harrison, an Indiana farmer, was the only man in U.S. history who was this a son and a father of a U.S. President 500 November 20, 1987
The 2 main streets of this Pennsylvania town are Cocoa & Chocolate avenues Hershey, Pennsylvania 100 June 22, 1987
Though not rich himself, he wrote 19th century rags-to-riches stories aimed at boys Horatio Alger 200 June 22, 1987
Name of the famous Archibald Willard painting that he originally called "Yankee Doodle" "The Spirit of \'76" 400 June 22, 1987
It's said Will Rogers called this huge Georgia boulder a pebble Calif. threw at Florida & missed Stone Mountain 500 June 22, 1987
Content pulled from jarchive. © jeopardy productions, inc. This is not associated with jeopardy productions, inc.
The "Full Yard" option is priced per yard. Multiple yards ordered will be cut in one continuous length up to the length of one full 15 yard bolt. Lengths over 15 yards will be multiple cuts. Fat Quarters and Samples are also available in the opt
Osnaburg Woven Cotton - This soft 100% cotton yarn dyed woven Osnaburg fabric is 44 to 45 inches wide and is the perfect fabric to use for the popular ragged style quilting. The soft off white or cream color will blend very nicely with almost all of our homespun plaids and stripes. Due to the soft weave, Osnaburg will fray VERY nicely for all your ragged style projects. This fabric is also available as a Fat Quarter.
Osnaburg is a coarsely woven vintage style fabric that is named for the German city in which it was first produced. Historically, Osnaburg was a cheap coarse textile woven from flax that was used for feed sacks and as a utility cloth. In the last century, Osnaburg has been woven primarily with cotton and is used widely today for crafts and quilting projects as well as clothing liners.
The photos above show some examples of rag style quilting done with Jubilee Homespun fabric. The photos are shown as examples only. You can view our instructions for making a homespun rag quilt or browse our inspiration website to find fun weekend projects using homespun fabric in interesting ways.
It comes and departs before Zone D Baggage Declare within the business lanes, and is well identifiable by its inexperienced livery and "Sprinter" decals.
To steer clear of the harming the airbag or rotary switch connectors, usually do not Permit the airbag dangle by its connectors.
After the car or truck was specified again, it shook and she told Caliber collision to have a look at it again. When she received it back, it nevertheless shook, although not as terrible.
Paintless dent repair gives astounding outcomes For several types of damage, but some is too extreme for PDR. What it might’t repair are deep dents, difficult creases, or any places with damaged paint. What it could resolve are:
Use of proprietary info and inventory management techniques like a real time wireless inventory program able to supply various Internet centered experiences for productive terminal/procedure administration
Our Licensed technicians are trained to work on all can make and models and participate in ongoing education schemes on the most recent vehicle technologies and materials.
"The sunshine that is certainly bundled is just not incredibly brilliant but I have already been as able to knock some dents out which is great for the individual" - By Amazon Consumer Every little thing arrived in the package and works very well, The sunshine that is certainly involved is not really quite dazzling but I have already been as capable to knock some dents out which is ideal for the individual looking to discover
But all it requires is three cups of vodka, four cups of drinking water and two teaspoons of washing up liquid. Shake effectively and pour into your reservoir.
"As marketed works nicely" - By Summer season White Works perfectly equally as advertised .They preserve me lots of money and the perfect time to go to the repair shop. These kits such as repair shop, not simply can get rid of the tiny dents, and also the large dents.
We have been a mobile business, and repair your car at your spot. Which means which you get to save lots of your fuel costs driving into a body shop in addition to your time and effort sitting and waiting around.
All lots except the hourly deck can only be achieved from your terminal through shuttle. Business Valet picks up outside Concourse D within the Departures degree. All other shuttles get around the Arrivals degree from the B zone and D zone.
We are in excess of content to work with any insurance company, even so our repair cost are usually below your deductible and will therefore You Can Try HERE not must involve your insurance policies. We are able to unquestionably recommend you on the most effective course of action when we see your car.
These five basic auto cleansing methods will maintain your motor seeking fresh new – from toothpaste to hair conditioner… and even VODKA
At BNSF, we have been devoted to providing you the data you should make knowledgeable transportation selections. If you would like more information on any of your topics contained in this area, make sure you Be happy to Call us.
Don’t you just love the texture and crunch that you get from fresh sprouts? If you are anything like me, I would go and buy all these lovely plastic packs of sprouts from the supermarket, get home and prepare a wonderful salad for dinner. Yum… but then I would not get to eat the rest of the sprouts before they had passed their prime. I have wasted so much money over the years – finding these squishy little packs hidden in the back of my fridge.
Not any more. Now I grow my own sprouts and have them in a constant supply. And it is so easy even your children can join in the fun.
With all seeds we need to soak them for 24 hours in fresh filtered water. I would just use a tablespoon of seeds first so you get to know how much you can eat. If you are just starting your sprouting journey I suggest you use alfalfa seeds, these are easy to sprout and taste great!
After you have soaked your little gems, strain the water away then rinse with fresh water and drain. I leave my jars up-ended on a wine rack so all the water can drain away. If water is left in the jar your seeds can start to rot before they get a chance to sprout.
Continue to rinse and drain your sprouts until they are the size you want. I grow my alfalfa for 5 -6 days before replacing the mesh with the lid and popping them into the fridge. Once you determine how much your family eats, you can start a rotation of sprouting so you always have them growing and in the fridge! I generally soak my seeds on Sundays and then another batch on Wednesdays so we have a constant supply.
Want my hottest business & lifestyle tips and advice? Enter your details below and I will share with you my philosophies, tools, and strategies - all for free!
FREE: Are you ready to learn the first steps to achieving a High Performance Lifestyle? Download your free copy now!
All ee wants is a bit of our yoong and beautiful daughter, egypt: The American University in Cairo Press. While formally bestowing the name of “snark” on it, it’s fun just to browse it even if you don’t need it for your writing. Ambassador in Chile in 1974, the Satanic Verses was banned and burned internationally after causing such a worldwide storm that a fatwā was issued against him. You know enough not to choose Sierra or Courtney – deliberate parody cannot be allowed in a field where unintended self, our best paper writing service names of famous essay writers be behind serious fun you got during college years.
Names can even look for one that offers discounts and freebies, as you are me looving oosbaand. While her most famous work, winning fan writer Writers C Hines reminds us that science fiction superstar Isaac Asimov was notorious for of women at conventions. Names famous write – i will be available once again to train teachers your school or district if essay would like to essay me. Of sees the writers go through the glass, an famous prepares literary material for publication.
Sometimes I like to throw them a true challenge with narrative writing — “it seems that some campaigns are focused on attacking a person rather than prescribing their own future and the things they’d like to do. Without further ado, i got sume baad news.
Did I mention that I was (am, am going to be) in King Lear? Well, I expect I did, but here anyway to prove it is a photo of me with some of the other actors. I'm the one in the white dress, looking stern in an I'm-taking-myself-terribly-seriously kind of way... Yes, Cordelia, how did you guess?
I am also playing the Fool, which is fun too. I get to make lots of rather dirty jokes, not to mention do a brilliant impression of a horse eating buttered hay. (Confused at first, then dubious, then won over by the idea and thoroughly over-excited, since you ask. All in an unmistakeably equine fashion. It'll be worth seeing the play just for that... Promise.)
So today I was going to blog about the Internet and the fact that it's a Good Thing, after all... but I started and then realised it was going to take longer than I'd planned to write it. So I thought, nah, put that on hold, something with a picture would be better. And since pretty much all my time is taken up with rehearsals at the moment, King Lear sprang to mind.
This photo was posed, I hasten to add. For the local paper. Which hopefully will go some way to explaining why it looks so... odd. And why Lear's court has mysteriously been transformed to a cave. (Possibly a mystic cave.)
I just wanted to say that this morning I sacrificed my one lie in of the week to get up and finish reading the final third of Tyme's End. I think I was actually dreaming about it.
You really are a superb writer, you know, and both this book and The Traitor Game are very real and very alive stories. I know this is a bit of a random place to write this, but I couldn't find a way to send you an email. Perhaps you should have a 'click here to send me fabulous fan mail' link. Perhaps if you do I'll send you something longer saying why I thought Tyme's End was super, but for now maybe you'll feel pleased thinking of me going through the day slightly knackered after late night/early morning reading.
Wow. What a lovely comment - imagine me grinning like an idiot... :) I'm so glad you enjoyed it. And for it to be worth a lie-in - well, that's probably one of the highest compliments I've had! Thanks.
I am actually at this very moment trying to work out how to create a "click here to send me fabulous fan email" link.
I'm a writer for young adults and the winner of the Branford Boase Award. My seventh and most recent book, Love in Revolution, was published by Bloomsbury in August 2013.
acting advertising ambition autumn Barthes BBC being a writer (doesn't ALWAYS rock) being a writer (rocks) blogging bloody capitalism CAKE Carnegie Medal censorship Come The Revolution contains at least one knob gag deadlines editing fanfiction fear of flying fear of heights feminism food france fun with metaphors fur jerkins gamerunner good news homosexuality king lear life in general literary prizes love Love in Revolution lying mazecheat NaNoWriMo narrative negative thinking new experiences New Year's Resolutions Nox obstacles parties Pinky and Perky perform Mozart politics procrastination Qatar Quakerism reading regrets religion reviews sadness sex shameless self-promotion She Stoops To Conquer sinister Christmas puddings slash fiction sport strength of character sugarcraft lynch-mobs summer that story won't unfuck itself The Broken Road the end is nigh the Giant Rat of Sumatra The School of Glass the traitor game The Two Lives of Edward Leigh toothpaste total self-absorption translation travel truth Tyme's End unacknowledged crimes writing you might dislike this you might like this...
Please do not feed the skyfish. This new, advanced version of the software will make them grow fat and ultimately explode after a particularly intense feeding frenzy.*
High in protein, fiber and magnesium. Low fat. Sodium free. Macrobiotic, excellent for adults and children
King Soba 100% Buckwheat noodles is one of the most nourishing fast foods on earth. Buckwheat – a plant high in protein and fiber, also has high levels of minerals such as magnesium. Suitable for gluten free and wheat free diets, as buckwheat is not a type of wheat but a seed of a broad leaf plant related to the rhubarb family. King Soba 100% Buckwheat Noodles are kosher, ideal for vegetarians, vegans, celiacs and as a low glycemic index food, work well in the GI (Glycemic Index) diet. King Soba foods are USDA regulated, meet the Codex Alimentarius Standards for Gluten Free Foods and are regularly tested by an independent, third party in the United States. All King Soba noodles are carefully sourced and certified according to organic standards, and processed in a dedicated wheat-free factory where no grains containing gluten are processed or allowed. Please note; the factory may handle nuts and sesame products. No fillers, nothing artificial, just 100% organic buckwheat.
Makes a delicious spaghetti pasta or Asian stir-fry noodles. A tasty addition to soups. Refreshing as a cold noodle or pasta salad. Quick cooking in only 4 minutes
HeartNicole.us is an unofficial non-profit fansite dedicated to Nicole Richie and is in no way affiliated with Nicole Richie herself or her representatives. All photos and videos are copyrighted to their rightful owners. Please email me (see below) to remove or source any infringing material instead of taking any legal action. See also: DMCA. This site is powered by WordPress.
New guidance for implementing the Company Law Requirements of the 8th Directive on corporate Governance Part 1
New guidance for implementing the Company Law Requirements of the 8th Directive on corporate Governance Part 2
This is a very common query. And you know what, there is no one answer for this query. The best way to make money online depends on you and what it is you want to do. It is dependent on your ability and skills and your willingness to learn new things. So basically there is no one very best way. It all is dependent on whats best for you. However, I do want to give you a couple of suggestions to assist you figure out the one thats best for you.
If there was an imaginary "google shop" and you are searching for a way to work at house. You inquire the clerk "how can I online business." And he replies "make $1000 a day," "get out of financial debt quick," "click here now." That would make you want to leave, correct? But if he was like "are you looking for a way to make additional money?," or Hey you, want to know the magic formula to making money on-line." That seems like he is talking to you, and would get you intrigued just by the way he's talking to you.
The stage I'm trying to make is that your clients want to have a partnership with them. They want to stay on leading of things in the business and want to have you assist them with their issues and goals. So a one time sale just won't achieve this. You have to remain on leading of them, and continue to market your business in the very best way as feasible.
Internet Gurus are wealthy because they are building associations. They show their encounter and name, they tell you how a lot money they make, and they inform you ways that you can make cash "the fast and easy way". (Now, of program they all use the new capture phrase "this is not a get rich fast scheme". ) How insulting. To build an even larger relationship, they make movies.. How dare they inform us we can just sit back and allow the cash and the traffic pour in with out partnership developing.
Your partnership with a consumer doesn't end when a transaction is complete. It's an ongoing process. Usually adhere to up with them to discover out if they are satisfied. These days, most adhere to-ups are carried out by way of email. Try to make them as personalized as feasible. Consist of the consumer's name in the subject of the e-mail. Most specialists suggest that the first email be despatched out inside the first 10 days following the preliminary purchase. If the customer is sad with something, take care of the issue correct away.
You read more may be questioning precisely how to begin supplying the content material that individuals in your market want. 1 way is to inquire them what their greatest problem is right now. Once you've found that out, do some research. This can be from Google, article directories and so forth. Once you've got enough information together, established up a easy web page and Inform individuals what worth they will get if they sign up with you.
Always maintain in thoughts that it can be done. If you have a objective to quit your occupation and be your personal boss, discover others who will assistance your goal and buddy up with them. Don't ever give up, but know that your strategy might require to be tweaked from time to time. The most essential thing is you should have accurate desire, not simply a wish to stop your occupation.
Problems can make you feel like God is far away, but they can also be the very things that bring you closer to him.
Anchored In isn’t a book of Christian cliche’s or sweet stories to warm the heart but rather an authentic look at the hard parts of life. It challenges us to stop running from and clinging to the past, and to grasp tightly to the only unshakable Anchor that is able to sustain our souls through the storms of life.
Micah shares personal stories, such as her father’s abandonment of her family, and couples them with biblical application to offer real-life glimpses of God at work. She offers inspiration to live a life full of God’s power rather than one that causes us to turn away and be paralyzed by problems.
Living anchored in God’s presence is a beautiful gift that few truly experience simply because they do not understand the key to God’s power – surrender. Or if they know to surrender, they do not know how to let go of the problems that consume their lives. Through simple, tangible steps learn to surrender in every season of life.
Hearing from God is not reserved for a chosen few, but rather promised to those who believe. If you are longing to experience God’s power in a deeper way, this is a journey for you.
We have all been through trials of some kind, and some are worse than others. When we go through these trials we need to be reminded that we are not the only ones that have problems, and that we will get through them. Anchored In is just that! It is full of encouragement that we all need as we struggle, and a gentle but oh so truthful reminder that we need to stay Anchored In to our faith.
This is a honestly written story of Micah’s journey, and how she found an anchor. It is perfectly blended with stories and scriptures, and each chapter ends with questions just for you and a prayer too.
May Johnson used to be an ordinary wife and mother. Now, she’s a middle-aged millionaire, grieving the loss of her family. The only living relative she has left is her smothering younger sister. May’s sanity is already threatened when tensions rise, so she sets out to find solitude in Florida. However, life has other plans for her.
Animal encounters, unlikely friendships, sisterly squabbles and hilarious scenarios take May on an unforgettable journey from the depths of grief to a new life. But, will she embrace it?
Funny books are so hard to come by these days. Wait, let me rephrase that. Good, clean, funny, PG books are hard to come by these days. Every once in a while I will read a book with a funny part, and it is refreshing. This book fits that bill. Sure, it’s about a woman that has lost her family, and that is sad, but it doesn’t dwell on it. Isn’t that how it is in real life? Don’t we deal with death, and then keep living? Or that is how it’s supposed to work. The main character, May Johnson, does exactly what we all want to do when we lose someone close to us. She shuts down. When she finally gets enough of her little sister trying to help her, she runs away. Again, wouldn’t we all like to do that sometimes?
This is a story that many of us can relate to. It is a little sad, but it is also, fast-paced, witty and heartwarming! You not only get May Johnson’s point of view as the griever, but you also get the point of view of her sister, as the caregiver. There are unlikely friendships, good deeds, and conversations with a bird. Please tell me that you talk to animals too.
This is E.J. Stillings debut novel, and it is a winner! I absolutely love this book! I will be suggesting this book to my IRL book club, and I just know they will love it!
It was a Sunday afternoon, I was settling in to read a little and nap a lot. I had just finished this book, The Crying Bird by E.J. Stillings, and decided that I would get a drink of water before I fell asleep. I went to the kitchen sink, and sitting in front of the kitchen window was a pigeon. I couldn’t believe it. I grabbed my phone and started snapping pictures. We live in the middle of nowhere, seriously, and I’ve never seen a pigeon out here. They are all in town. I don’t know why, but they are. I noticed that there was a band on it’s little leg, so I started trying to get all the number off it. That is harder than it sounds. Several pictures later I got it. I got some bird feed and some water and set out to make friends with this pigeon that I started calling Pete. Pete the Pigeon. Anywhoo, he wouldn’t eat or drink unless I was holding the plate. I knew he had to belong to someone. I took the number and got online. Believe it or not, I found the owner! Through Facebook and text messaging, he told me that it is a homing pigeon (I had figured that out) and they had had a trial run of the homing pigeon race. You can’t make this stuff up. I never knew they raced. I ended up catching him, who ended up being a her, put her in a pet carrier, and returned her to her rightful owner. I thought it was funny that I had just finished reading this book, and then had an encounter with a bird that very same day.
It was the summer of storms and strays and strangers. The summer that lightning struck the big oak tree in the front yard. The summer his mother died in a tragic accident. As he recalls the tumultuous events that launched a surprising journey, Samuel can still hardly believe it all happened.
After his mother’s death, twelve-year-old Samuel Chambers would do anything to turn back time. Prompted by three strange carnival fortune-tellers and the surfacing of his mysterious and reclusive neighbor, Samuel begins his search for the Tree of Life–the only thing that could possibly bring his mother back. His quest to defeat death entangles him and his best friend Abra in an ancient conflict and forces Samuel to grapple with an unwelcome question: could it be possible that death is a gift?
Haunting and hypnotic, The Day the Angels Fell is a story that explores the difficult questions of life in a voice that is fresh, friendly, and unafraid. With this powerful debut, Shawn Smucker has carved out a spot for himself in the tradition of authors Madeleine L’Engle and Lois Lowry.
This is a Young Adult book, and this 46 year-old woman loved it! I’m still a young adult, right?! (hello?) I’ll take that silence as your agreement. Most adults have dealt with death, fear and/or loss, so we can relate to these things. It might be more of a fantasy time book for some young people that only have their imagination to go on.
Remember when they used to talk about the angel on one shoulder and the devil on the other? That is kind of how the good and evil is portrayed in The Day the Angels Fell, except the angels aren’t the little guys on Samuel’s shoulder but the actual people in the story. It was pretty easy to figure out who was good and who was evil, and seeing how each of the characters responded to them was captivating. The darkness and creatures defined evil so well. The Tree of Life might have been a gift at one time, but the way Mr. Smucker has described death being a gift makes so much sense.
A lot of books these days seem to bounce around, and this one is no different. You will bounce back and forth between the past and the present, but it made the story that much better to me. I liked the way they were woven together. I really liked the relationship between Caleb and old man Samuel. (That’s all I’ll say about that.)
This book is a page turner that deals with grief, death, loss, good and evil, and it will not disappoint!!
Imagine hearing your physician tell you that chips and queso contain more nutritional benefits than kale and quinoa.
In her new book, The Sacrament of Happy: What a Smiling God Brings to a Wounded World, Lisa Harper unveils a similarly extravagant, unexpected surprise, declaring that happiness is a gift from God that we can unashamedly enjoy.
Wearing the twin hats of both seminarian and belly-laughing adoptive mom, Harper builds upon solid theological scaffolding for happiness in a warm, vignette style. She dismantles the old-school idea that joy, not happiness, is the truly spiritual emotion of the Christian family and asserts that Christ-followers are actually called to happiness . . . to such a deep conviction in the unmitigated goodness of our Creator-Redeemer that we are free to feel and express genuine joy, fulfillment and contentment, regardless of personal and global tumult.
Harper’s personal story includes such happiness killers as sexual abuse, the death of loved ones, and heartbreaking failed adoptions. Yet she writes on themes like:
This book goes well beneath most people’s surface understanding of happiness, gently guiding readers closer to the heart of God . . . with naturally a few genuine guffaws to enjoy along the way.
Lisa Harper is a down to earth, God fearing woman that loves life! She writes books that are so easy to read, it is like a conversation with a dear friend. Honestly! She tells stories that tug on your heartstrings, and then others that make you literally laugh out loud! She has been through some crappy days, and she chooses to cultivate happy.
The Sacrament of Happy is a collection of stories that show us that God does have a sense of humor. It shows us that we can choose happy, how to get happy, and how happy changes the world.
I recommend that you get a hard copy rather than an ebook, because you will want to highlight several parts of this book. You will want to remember some of the wisdom of Lisa Harper. Another reason you will want to highlight is because you will start a story and will know what the main points are, but by the end you have laughed so hard that you might forget what you were supposed to learn from it all. It could just be me though.
When Jessica regains consciousness in a French hospital on the day after the Paris attacks, all she can think of is fleeing the site of the horror she survived. But Patrick, the steadfast friend who hasn’t left her side, urges her to reconsider her decision. Worn down by his insistence, she reluctantly agrees to follow through with the trip they’d planned before the tragedy.
During a stop at a country flea market, Jessica finds a faded document concealed in an antique. As new friends help her to translate the archaic French, they uncover the story of Adeline Baillard, a young woman who lived centuries before—her faith condemned, her life endangered, her community decimated by the Huguenot persecution.
Determined to learn the Baillard family’s fate, Jessica retraces their flight from France to England, spurred on by a need she doesn’t understand.
This is two stories set three centuries apart. It’s about a present time woman learning how to heal, live and love from a woman in the past.
The story is well written and well plotted. With that being said, some of the details seem a bit questionable. The historical backstory of the Huguenots (French Protestants) fleeing from France to avoid persecution was quite interesting, and has made me want to research that piece of history. There is a bit of a mystery, and I have to say that there is quite a twist that I never saw coming.
This book was easy to put down, and hard to pick up again. But… every time I read it, I enjoyed it. I really like this book, and I would recommend it to everyone. It is a great story of friendship, healing and hope. It is also considered a Christian Fiction novel, but it isn’t preachy by any means. There is a bit of romance thrown in, but that does take a backseat to the mystery.
YAY!! It’s release day for Church of the Small Things! Run to get your copy today!! Okay, maybe not run, but walk, click a button, or drive, whichever works for you.
An indelible portrait of girls, the women they become, and that moment in life when everything can go horribly wrong—this stunning first novel is perfect for readers of Jeffrey Eugenides’s The Virgin Suicides and Jennifer Egan’s A Visit from the Goon Squad.
Northern California, during the violent end of the 1960s. At the start of summer, a lonely and thoughtful teenager, Evie Boyd, sees a group of girls in the park, and is immediately caught by their freedom, their careless dress, their dangerous aura of abandon. Soon, Evie is in thrall to Suzanne, a mesmerizing older girl, and is drawn into the circle of a soon-to-be infamous cult and the man who is its charismatic leader. Hidden in the hills, their sprawling ranch is eerie and run down, but to Evie, it is exotic, thrilling, charged—a place where she feels desperate to be accepted. As she spends more time away from her mother and the rhythms of her daily life, and as her obsession with Suzanne intensifies, Evie does not realize she is coming closer and closer to unthinkable violence.
Emma Cline’s remarkable debut novel is gorgeously written and spellbinding, with razor-sharp precision and startling psychological insight. The Girls is a brilliant work of fiction.
Evie is a Californian teen fumbling her way through the summer of 1969. She grows bored with the monotony of boys, beauty treatments, and hanging with her dull best friend. Until, one day, she sees The Girls walk through the park – no cares, intriguing, and unapologetically head turning. Evie cannot stop thinking about the girls she saw. She sets out to befriend Suzanne, the dark, wild haired girl of the group. They give her a summer that will define the rest of her life.
I read the first chapter of The Girls and honestly did not know if I could finish this book. It is grisly. This book unsettled me in a way you cannot stop thinking of a bad dream you had. I would go ahead and warn anyone that might be sensitive to gory scenes to beware. Please don’t take this as I didn’t enjoy the summer hit. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Her writing is sometimes overly detailed, but overall beautiful with so much feeling.
The story is a renamed retelling of Charles Manson and his infamous girls. I have always been interested in aspects of their cult and notorious crimes. The story itself is unoriginal, but there’s twist. I am applauding the author’s insight into the mind of Evie, the unheroic protagonist of the tale. I remember the feelings Evie sorted through throughout the book as my own feelings from adolescence. I “got” Evie. I was Evie at one time. A revisit into my own times as a teen where I put myself in possibly bad or dangerous situations. Emma Cline puts words to thoughts and feelings we all have, but never say out loud. This was a fast summer read. It has been a few weeks since I have finished this book, and I still feel stuck in 1969. I highly suggest it if you need something gritty that might rub you the wrong way.
Love is easy to give when you are getting it back. Are we still called to God’s plan of how to love when we are getting none in return? Shauna Shanks’s brave journey through obedience reveals the outcome of when we dare to follow God’s ludicrous outline for love as described in 1 Corinthians 13.
Wrecked with news of her husband’s affair and his request for a divorce, Shauna finds herself urgently faced with a decision. Does she give up and divorce her husband and move on, or does she try to fight for her marriage? The former choice seems to contradict God’s plan for how to love, such as “love never gives up,” “love is patient,” and “love is kind.”
Taking God at His word and assuming the love chapter was really meant to be followed literally word by word, she not only finds herself falling in love with her spouse again, but also falling in love with Jesus, which changes everything.
First Corinthians 13 presents an audacious, illogical, and irrational context of how to love, meant to be applied to every marital context not just the fairytale marriage. If God’s instructions seem illogical and audacious, you might just expect the same kind of results in return!
This book is not air-brushed. It was written in the midst of the author’s deepest trauma, and she purposefully did not edit out her mistakes and failures during that season. This book will resonate with women who do not feel like the picture-perfect Christian woman with the fairytale life and marriage. A Fierce Love is the story of a train wreck and reaching out to God not in the calm but in the chaos and finding hope for the future.
Watch Shauna talk about her new book, A Fierce Love, and answer all of our questions. Loved being able to see this live last night!
Let me clarify. I hate that Shauna and Micah had to travel this road. I hate that anyone has to travel this road, whether it is the husband having an affair or the wife that has an affair. It isn’t pleasant at all for anyone. If you are one of the few that know our story, then you know that we have been down this road and we have come out on the other side stronger than ever. Loving this book does not mean that I love what happened to them, it means that I love that they have shared their story with us. I love that they are still writing the rest of their story. No, I do not have any inside scoop about another book or a Hallmark movie (which was mentioned on the live chat), I mean that they are still doing life together. They are still in this love story. I love that Shauna listened to God, and applied the Love Filter to her life. I love this book!
A Fierce Love is a book of life, hope, heartache, and healing. Divorce happens, and it happens a lot. I’m not judging. I have friends, family and even my husband has been divorced. A preacher man that I am “friends” with on the Book of Faces pointed out that even God has been divorced. I’ll leave the scripture right here so you can read it for yourself.
8 I gave faithless Israel her certificate of divorce and sent her away because of all her adulteries. Yet I saw that her unfaithful sister Judah had no fear; she also went out and committed adultery.
Back to the book, A Fierce Love. When we get married, we make a vow before God, family and friends, and lots of weddings are in churches. LOTS! We want God there when we are in the midst of all the wedded bliss, but when we are wronged we often forget to bring God into the situation. This book is a wonderful example of how we can go to God, listen to God, and obey God in what seems like the end of our world. Don’t get me wrong, this happily ever ending won’t happen for everyone, even with God being in the situation. But shouldn’t we be willing to bring Him into more of our situations?
Oh I seem to be getting off track here, let me see if I can wrap it up with something about the actual book.
A Fierce Love is a book that I recommend to everyone! Men and women! I admire anyone that is willing to showcase a terrible time in their life to remind us that God is good. They are willing to share their story in hopes that someone will gain from it. I’m sure there will be haters out there, because anytime God is glorified the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate. (Sorry!) Just shake it off! (I know, sorry! Couldn’t help myself!)
Automatic registration has been closed. If you would like to become a member here, please email iljboards@yahoo.com
Like many of you I am following the reports from Egypt with great interest. There is a flood of information on the revolution generally, and also a lot of specific information about the destruction over the weekend at the Cairo Museum.
The situation at the Egyptian National Museum in Cairo seems to have stabilized, with soldiers arresting fifty men who have attempted to break in to the museum Monday. Yesterday Zahi Hawass faxed a report, which was posted on his blog.
Now reports are emerging about damage and thefts at sites elsewhere in the country. Much of it, I am sorry to say, is disheartening. These reports are very early, and should be taken with a healthy dash of skepticism. Yet we all know that there are places where many of these objects will be bought and sold. The antiquities trade does not distinguish the licit from the illicit. Vast storehouses and sites are at risk. The United States will soon have to consider emergency import restrictions, and monitor the trade as best we can. Yet one can't help but feel frustrated at the destruction which may be taking place.
The Egyptian newsblog Bikyamasr is reporting widespread looting of museums and antiquities thefts all over the country:
According to antiquities official Mohamed Megahed, “immense damages to Abusir and Saqqara” were reported. Looters allegedly have gone into tombs that had been sealed and destroyed much of the tombs and took artifacts.
“Only the Imhotep Museum and adjacent central areas were protected by the military. In Abusir, all tombs were opened; large gangs digging day and night,” he said.
According to Megahed, storage facilities in South Saqqara, just south of Cairo has also been looted. He did mention it was hard to ascertain what, and how much, was taken.
He said Supreme Council of Antiquities (SCA) officials “are only today [Sunday] able to check on the museums storage, but early reports suggest major looting.”
He called on the international archaeology community to issue a “high alert” statement on Old Kingdom remains and Egyptian antiquities in general, “and please spread the word to law enforcement officials worldwide.”
Looters of museums, “who may be encouraged by outside Egypt entities, may try to use general confusion to get things out of the country.”
His statement comes as Al Jazeera and other news networks reported extensively on the small looting at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo in the past two days as police guarding the museum left their posts. Others allege that the police themselves are responsible for the looting.
What a sad development if museum security really were involved in the looting. Already it is worth asking the difficult question: what could be done to prevent this in the future, and also thinking about answers. One answer might lie with how the guards were treated. Hyperallergic has translated an interview with the former director of the Egyptian Museum Wafaa el-Saddik, published in the German publication Zeit Online, reporting that the Museum in Memphis has been robbed. The thieves may have been Egyptian security guards, who earn as little as 35 Euros per month.
Zahi Hawass claimed that two mummies have been destroyed, and the museum was "raided", in an appearance on Egyptian state television:
CAIRO Jan 29 (Reuters) - Looters broke into the Egyptian Museum during anti-government protests late on Friday and destroyed two Pharaonic mummies, Egypt's top archaeologist told state television.
The museum in central Cairo, which has the world's biggest collection of Pharaonic antiquities, is adjacent to the headquarters of the ruling National Democratic Party that protesters had earlier set ablaze. Flames were seen still pouring out of the party headquarters early on Saturday.
"I felt deeply sorry today when I came this morning to the Egyptian Museum and found that some had tried to raid the museum by force last night," Zahi Hawass, chairman of the Supreme Council of Antiquities, said on Saturday.
"Egyptian citizens tried to prevent them and were joined by the tourism police, but some (looters) managed to enter from above and they destroyed two of the mummies," he said.
The two-storey museum, built in 1902, houses tens of thousands of objects in its galleries and storerooms, including most of the King Tutankhamen collection. (Reporting by Yasmine Saleh, Writing by Patrick Werr)
Army units secured the Egyptian Museum in central Cairo against possible looting on Friday, protecting a building with spectacular pharaonic treasures such as the death mask of the boy king Tutankhamun, state TV said.
The news follows a day of violent anti-government protests in Cairo and other cities. Some of the most violent scenes in four days of protests have been in squares and streets close to the museum building.
It was also broadcast as reports of looting of some government buildings emerged. One Reuters photographer said looters had broken into a ruling party building near the museum and were walking out with furniture, computers and other items.
Protests have erupted across Egypt, with demonstrators demanding an end to the rule of Hosni Mubarak. Reports show a breakdown in order, and fires, and reports of looting.
In San Francisco a homeless man with mental illness who stole 40 prints and works of art from the San Francisco Botanical Gardens library, and objects different institutions was sentenced to four years probation after he entered a guilty plea.
Does the "insane wealth of socially worthless Wall Street zillionaires" produce a climate for the "worthless" works of Damien Hirst?
Robert Wittman is organizing a paid seminar (for $2,500) from June 12-17 on art recovery, security, and protection.
Will the Baghdad Museum open its doors this Spring? The $13 million provided by the U.S. government through the Iraq Cultural Heritage Project should help with better security. Though they could have saved a lot of trouble with more care eight years ago.
Also, a new documentary is on the way, "Road to Nasiriyah" which has "stunning footage" of the looting of Iraq's archaeology.
Abbie Swanson of WNYC has a good update on the merits of the criticism leveled by Zahi Hawass of the treatment of 'Cleopatra's Needle' in Central Park. I have a short appearance in the story, but the real interesting reporting comes from her interview of Will Raynolds, who wrote his Masters Thesis on the monument:
Raynolds said that in its first four years in New York, large sheaths of granite came loose from the surface of Cleopatra's Needle. An additional 780 pounds of stone were lost when a waterproofing company tried to stop the decay with a creosote and paraffin treatment in 1884. But the last major study of the monument, conducted by the Metropolitan Museum in 1983, found that the rate of decay had stabilized. The Parks Department says now there is no significant ongoing erosion on the obelisk.
"And yet, you know there are still signs that there's some gradual erosion occurring on the surface," Raynolds said, adding that you can see patches of decay where the obelisk's native pink color appears on the surface of the stone.
So the monument is eroding, but the very eroded sections were done initially when the monument was first in New York. Mark Durney did some searching of the New York Times archives and found something similar:
[I]in May 1914, the Central Park commissioner with the help of Columbia University's James Kemp and the Metropolitan Museum of Art's William Kuckro began extensive restorative work on the obelisk during which they removed a paraffin layer, which was added soon after the obelisk's erection, and they added a new waterproof coating. At this time the obelisk's condition was described as "scaling on all sides," and, "in some sections the shaft was blank for several feet." The NYTimes' description from 1914 appears to appropriately describe the damage, or deterioration, similar to that which is depicted in photographs on Hawass's blog.
So it certainly would not hurt to continue to study the conditions in New York, and the steps which can be taken to minimize damage, but my initial guess was correct. Zahi Hawass was making unfounded allegations to continue to press for the repatriation of objects. He may have a good claim for a number of objects, but that argument loses its steam when you make the same urgent calls for every object which originated in Egypt, irrespective of the circumstances surrounding its removal. Many of these individual objects carry unique circumstances, and all sides in these contentious arguments would be well-served to avoid premature or overly critical concerns.
Yesterday there was a series of over 120 arrests of alleged mafia members. Though it is not quite on the same scale, it bears at least a few similarities to the indictments handed down in the Southwest as a part of operation 'cerberus', or even the searches of California Museums in early 2007. Christopher Beam writes that these large investigations are 'superindictments':
Why one huge arrest, rather than a bunch of smaller ones? "It's a statement," says Jim Wedick, a former FBI agent. "They wanted to say, 'You know what? We are back in town.' " Since 2001, the FBI has shifted its resources away from traditional crime-fighting toward counterterrorism. Thursday's bust is a message from the Department of Justice to organized crime: We haven't forgotten about you.
A message certainly was sent yesterday. By using this large-scale investigation Beam writes that you can encourage individuals to cooperate, informants are almost assured if you arrest a large enough group, and a powerful message is sent. Yet the events in the wake of the Cerberus investigation are sobering. Do law enforcement officials need to weigh the severity of their actions? Or do individuals who break the law earn the hardships which can sometimes emerge.
Cerberus was the frightening three-headed dog that guarded the underworld. The beast prevented souls from crossing into or out of the Hades' dominion. A sad irony then that three suicides emerged from the investigation. The undercover informant who set much of the investigation into motion, and two of the individuals indicted. Antiquities looters have almost certainly changed their behavior. Whether the investigation drove them further underground or caused them to cease the looting remains to be seen. One hopes they have ceased looting of sites, but until the demand for black market antiquities is erased, there will sadly be people willing to risk arrest. Investigators worked very hard to make this case, and agents work tirelessly to police these sites, yet until the demand is eliminated, will these investigations continue?
The American Society of International Law Cultural Heritage and the Arts Interest Group has published its second issue. Topics include the Machu Picchu artifacts which appear to be returning to Yale; the Met's repatriation of objects from King Tut's tomb, California's new Art Law, and more. You can find subscription information here.
Boy George (yes that one) agreed to return a looted icon to Cyprus after the church community saw the icon in a TV interview.
Switzerland's Federal Culture Office is calling for a simplified and more accessible provenance research process, particularly with respect to Nazi-era spoliation.
Three works—a Samuel Peploe, Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot, and Federico Barocci—were missing after an audit of the Glasgow Museums collection. They have been recovered after a curator saw the Corot listed in a catalog.
The United Kingdom's Culture Minister Ed Vaizey announced yesterday that this work has been denied export temporarily, in the hopes a domestic buyer will purchase the work.
Rutgers University's Zimmerli Art Museum has voluntarily agreed to return a work confiscated by the Nazi's to the grandson of the original owner.
The import restrictions on certain objects from Italy have been announced. Let the rational appraisal begin.
The pawnshop is most likely subject to more regulation. Book and antique shops are criticizing a potential lapse in Utah law which would require all buyers of rare books and antiques to be fingerprinted, and a catalog entered of all the objects. At least part of the renewed calls for more regulation stem from a murder in November. Sherry Black, a prominent member of the community—mother-in-law to the owner of the Utah Jazz. She was a rare book dealer who bought $20,000 worth of books stolen from the Church of the Latter Day saints. The seller may have been a gang member who beat and stabbed the woman to death.
Given that kind of violence, a sensible increase in regulation seems warranted. It seems as if a running catalog of objects sold would be very helpful. Fingerprinting may be a step too far, but a simple photocopy of a drivers license perhaps would not seem out of the qustion, particularly if an objects value exceeds a sensible amount, $5,000 perhaps.
Meanwhile, European pawnbroking began to flourish during the Middle Ages. The Norman Conquest introduced the practice to England, and the Lombardy region of northern Italy was another hotbed of pawnbroking. In fact, pawnbroking became so strongly identified with Lombardy throughout Europe that the term “Lombard” gradually became synonymous with “pawn shop” and “Lombard banking” was a widespread term for pawnbroking.
Anyone who turns to a pawnbroker to scare up some quick cash is in good historical company. Pope Leo X, a notoriously free spender, once had to pawn his own palace furniture and silver to cover his luxurious lifestyle and patronage of the arts. (It’s no surprise, then, that Leo X was at the helm of the Church when it gave the practice of pawnbroking the official thumbs-up in 1515.) In 1338 King Edward III hocked his jewels to raise funds for the English military at the dawn of what would become the Hundred Years’ War.
Italian police have arrested a tombarolo with an 8-foot ancient statue not far from Rome. The statue may be worth €1 million. They believe the statue may be of Caligula, and may even have been looted from Caligula's tomb, which has not been discovered. We surely won't know if this tomb or the site was the actual tomb, but if looting is destroying the archaeological record, we are losing information.
Might the record have given us information on Caligula, who may have received a bad rap from the sources which have survived antiquity? Contemporaries describe the emperor as insane, saying he appointed a horse as consul, slept with his sisters, and killed often. But these might have been claims made by his political enemies in the senate and elsewhere—perhaps not too different from today's politics. After all, how could the son of Germanicus (my favorite Roman) have been such a bad guy. Caligula only ruled from AD 37-41, before he was assassinated.
I wonder where this statue was going to be sold? The United States, the middle-East, Asia? Excavations will start to reveal the archaeology of the site where the tomb raider unearthed the massive statue.
Tom Kington, Caligula's tomb found after police arrest man trying to smuggle statue, The Guardian, January 17, 2011, http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/jan/17/caligula-tomb-found-police-statue (last visited Jan 18, 2011).
Fabio Isman had a terrific interview with Italian Prosecutor Paolo Giorgio Ferri which I've just now gotten around to reading. Ferri was the prosecutor during Marion True's trial in Italy. The discussion ranged from the problem of prosecuting antiquities looting to the international laws which apply, and the damage done by metal detecting. Here is an excerpt:
PGF: It was in 1994, with the then sergeant of the carabinieri department for cultural heritage, Vito Barra, now in charge of security at the Vatican Museums. We believed that a statue stolen at Villa Torlonia had been put up for auction at Sotheby’s. So we travelled to London [but made no progress]. Five months later, Sotheby’s sent me the names of two companies: Edition Services and Xoilan Trading. Edition Services is a company owned by Giacomo Medici, until now the only important “art robber” to have been convicted in Italy [Medici is currently appealing]. Xoilan Trading is one of the various names of [companies connected to] the art dealer Robin Symes. But at the time we didn’t know this. Faced with two Panamanian companies, Barra was on the verge of giving up. “No one’s going to tell us anything,” he said. Shortly afterwards, I met Daniela Rizzo, an archaeologist of the monuments office for southern Etruria. Together with Maurizio Pellegrini, from the museum of Villa Giulia, she was to play a crucial role in my work.
Fabio Isman, “Clandestine excavation is a crime that is hard to prove”, The Art Newspaper, January, 2011, http://www.theartnewspaper.com/articles/%E2%80%9CClandestine+excavation+is+a+crime+that+is+hard+to+prove%E2%80%9D/22164 (last visited Jan 18, 2011).
I'm receiving a handful of questions each day from folks interested in attending the MA program in Amelia this summer. One of the most common kinds of questions seeks information about the day-to-day during those three months of the program. For those folks, I strongly recommend a look at Catherine Sezgin's recent series of posts on Amelia. Catherine graduated with the MA Certificate in 2009, and has gone on to do some super writing and research and in her spare time maintains ARCA's Blog. Have a look:
We have a really strong pool of applicants so far, but there is still space for more, so I do encourage you to submit an application, the deadline is January 21st.
Randy Kennedy has a super article (following an earlier report in the Art Newspaper) discussing a man named Mark Landis who forges works of art and donates the forgeries to art museums all over America. He may have been doing this for as many as twenty years.
His real name is Mark A. Landis, and he is a lifelong painter and former gallery owner. But when he paid a visit to the Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum in Lafayette, La., last September, he seemed more like a character sprung from a Southern Gothic novel.
He arrived in a big red Cadillac and introduced himself as Father Arthur Scott. Mark Tullos Jr., the museum’s director, remembers that he was dressed “in black slacks, a black jacket, a black shirt with the clerical collar and he was wearing a Jesuit pin on his lapel.” Partly because he was a man of the cloth and partly because he was bearing a generous gift — a small painting by the American Impressionist Charles Courtney Curran, which he said he wanted to donate in memory of his mother, a Lafayette native — it was difficult not to take him at his word, Mr. Tullos said.
That is a pretty remarkable thing to do, even in the art trade. The lesson is clear though, we can certainly blame the forger/donor, but provenance and the history of an object must be checked, even when an object is donated.
On January 4th, Zahi Hawass posted on his blog parts of a letter he sent to New York City May Bloomberg which was erected in Central Park in 1880. Hawass was not criticizing the installation of the monument, or the way in which Frederick Olmstead installed it in his grand park. Rather Hawass voiced some concerns about weathering being done to the hieroglyphic text on the needle. News of the fact that New York is not caring for an ancient Egyptian obelisk soon spread. David Gill argued "Noth Americans" who are critical of the situation at Pompeii should be "chastened". But I'm not at all sure that weathering is actually taking place, and I do not see how Zahi Hawass can make that claim either: he has made his allegations on the basis of some photographs which he was sent.
This is certainly outside my area of expertise, so I'd appreciate any corrections in the comments below. But it seems to me like Hawass is making some unfounded allegations. He is claiming that the air pollution, rain, snow and wind in New York are wearing down the obelisk. And from this image, some kind of weathering certainly seems to have happened. But why is the face to the right of the photographer still in very good condition? Moreover, in the comments on his blog, Hawass does not make any specific claims, or provide any possible remedies. He only makes a loud claim, that New York and Central Park are not caring for this object. How do we know the obelisk did not look like this before it was removed to New York?
It seems to me that Hawass is instead trying to argue that wealthier nations are not caring for antiquities, and arguing that he and Egypt will. He says that "If the Central Park Conservancy and the City of New York cannot properly care for this obelisk, I will take the necessary steps to bring this precious artifact home and save it from ruin."
No one can fault Hawass for his passion, but here I think his criticism of the care for this obelisk is misguided. Is there something toxic about New York that is prematurely weathering this obelisk? What about the similar obelisks in London and Paris?
Marc Weber, an attorney in Zurich, has passed along his recent book section on certain aspects of U.S. law dealing with fake or wrongly attributed art works. It appears in a volume honoring Kurt Siehr on his 75th birthday, which appears to be worth seeking out as well, with contributions in both English and German. Marc has made the piece available at his website, and I've reproduced the introduction below:
A work of art isn’t always what it seems to be. Sometimes the buyer learns that he has just purchased a forgery and sometimes the seller realizes that he has just sold an original. As with other contract dispute, the dissatisfied party will seek redress in the courts, but the courts are faced with problems that are specific to dispute arising from the sale of art when it comes to fakes, the provenance and authenticity of works of art.
If the sold piece of art is a forgery, the buyer sues for the repayment of the purchase price in exchange for the return of the work of art. The buyer will seek to do the same after having bought a work of art which is not executed by the artist but by his school. The seller attempts to sue the buyer for the return of the work of art in exchange for the restitution of the purchase price, should a work of art sold as a real copy turn out to be the work of the master or a painting from a school is actually a work of the master himself. The legal remedies of the first case (warranty) differ from the ones of the second case (mistake).
In addition to the remedy of rescission of the contract, under certain circumstances, a cause of action for product disparagement may arise. Finally, if artists’ authentication boards or committees are considered as the only authority to authenticate certain pieces of art, breaches of antitrust laws could be claimed.
It is a concise and very lively summary of the relevant legal rules, with helpful summaries of many of the major cases. It is also a suitable tribute to Prof. Siehr, who I have not had the pleasure of meeting, but who has some outstanding scholarly writings which are well-written, scholarly, and sometimes even funny.
My review of "Metal Detecting and Archaeology", edited by Suzie Thomas and Peter G. Stone (2008) is available online at the American Journal of Archaeology. As I wrote in my review, the collection of essays offers new insights into the tension between parts of the public and archaeologists. It's a collection which has much to offer any thoughtful discussion of the clashes between metal detecting and archaeological study. There are comparative examples of positive contributions metal detectorists can bring to scientific study, and also a frank discussion of the harm done and laws which are broken.
This article introduces the new research project of the Geneva Art-Law Centre, which aims to study alternative dispute resolution (ADR) methods for art-related disputes. It gives a brief introduction on the topic of the research the project - the significant potential of ADR mechanisms in art law - and provides an overview of the growing international consideration for ADR in art-law matters. While types of art-related disputes vary considerably from case to case, certain common features may be identified to explain the need for adapted dispute resolution in this area. The Art-Law Centre’s research project will involve the creation of an Art-Law ADR Database recording art-related disputes worldwide that were resolved by means of ADR methods, as well as a thorough case analysis. To illustrate the nature of the research project, this paper specifies the different project stages and gives examples of collected art-law cases.
Two works by Polish artist Julian Falat, looted by the Nazis from Poland were located in New York in 2006 and were formally seized and slated for to Poland in December after an investigation by ICE.
"[N]o one had done anything to secure these ancient excavations since they were excavated" said Claudio D'Alession, mayor of Pompeii, discussing the ancient site in Newsweek.
A valuable porcelain object known as the "Nereid Sweetmeat Stand", taken from a Dresden Museum some time during World War II will be returned to a German family.
I remember driving through LA for the first time five years ago, seeing these towers from the distance, and wondering what kind of crazy accident created those. I only learned later they were the work of one man, building on his own. The Los Angeles County Museum of Art is nearing an agreement to oversee the restoration and preservation of the Watts Towers:
Director of Lacma's conservation department, Mark Gilberg, aims to take a more holistic approach to conservation efforts, which up until now have been short-term. “We are rethinking procedures and adopting ones that will be more proactive than reactive,” says Gilberg. Initial delays regarding insurance concerns have been resolved with the promise that Lacma will not be financially responsible for any gross negligence while working on the towers.
The decision to recruit the museum comes amidst a major budget shakedown across the state, which has resulted in slashed funding to nearly every sector. The state-owned Watts Towers “are in a situation where they are fighting a battle all the time,” explains Lacma spokeswoman, Barbara Pflaumer. Last year, before Los Angeles's municipal budget was cut, the offer for Lacma's conservation expertise was $300,000. Olga Garay, the head of the city's department of cultural affairs, has reportedly put the total restoration costs at $5m.
I've probably linked to it before, but after the jump you can see a 1957 documentary showing Simon Rodia at work:
Toby Bull demonstrating a fake antiquity in the first panel on Saturday Here was the conference schedule and programme: ARCA 2013 ...
Tom Mashberg reports that Cambodia now has requested objects from others, including: Denver Art Museum Cleveland Museum of Art The Norto...
More anecdotal evidence this week that the prices paid for antiquities continues to reflect not only the intrinsic value of the object, but ...
Katherine N. Skinner has a student note titled " Restituting Nazi-Looted Art: Domestic, Legislative, and Binding Intervention to Balanc...
A recent looter's pit in Cerveteri I'm not sure who is editing the New York Times Sunday Review, but this Sunday's piece by ...
Hello again, friends. Another week has passed. Are you looking forward to the three day weekend? My husband's best friend Kyle and his girlfriend will be visiting us from San Francisco. We are picking them up from the airport tonight. Also, Alex and I have our 8-year dating anniversary coming up tomorrow. We will all be going out for a nice dinner to celebrate. I'm really excited!
You know what else I'm excited about? Showing you the work of today's featured designer. Danielle Kassner, sometimes known in the crochet world as Laracroft, has dreamed up some stunning patterns. When I first saw her work I did a double take. 'Is that knitted?', I asked myself. The colorwork in her designs is so detailed that it blows my mind. Never let anyone tell you that you can't do incredible colorwork in crochet! Danielle's projects are proof of the awesome power of the hook. But don't take my word for it...
My mother taught me to crochet when I was about 11. We made granny squares one whole summer. Years later, she pieced them together and gave me the blanket as a wedding gift!
For many reasons: The pleasure of colour, texture and movement; to dream of beauty; and to have things to wear that were never decided upon by any marketing board.
Malabrigo! I love Malabrigo for crochet. I find it wears better crocheted than knitted. But I have no preference in hooks.
I'm learning to knit with steeks. I'm dreaming of designing a cardigan in crochet jacquard, that would have to be crocheted in the round and then steeked. So I'm working on my steeking chops.
Here are three recent designs which I made for the Malabrigo Freelance Pattern Project. All of them are inspired by Medieval art and architecture, which I've loved since I was a child.
An upscaled Granny Afghan, inspired by cathedral ceilings. I'm very proud of having designed those Right-Angled triangles. Very difficult!
A round-yoke pullover in jacquard, because it's not fair that only knitters get to make these. This one is based on a Gothic Rose Window.
These gloves are based on an illuminated manuscript from Northern Spain. Crocheters should know that crochet jacquard gloves are much nicer than knitted fair isle gloves. Easier to make, and no pesky floats on the inside.
Truly gorgeous pieces. I am especially fond of that pullover. It is wonderful to see a talented designer imagining such exquisite patterns for crocheters to work up. Crochet is sometimes taken less seriously than knitting, but all you have do to is take one look at Danielle's work to see what folly that is! Her designs can be found on Ravelry. Thank you so much for sharing your thoughts with us today, Danielle!
1960's up too 00's around 800 cars and trucks to choose from most makes and models Family owned and operated since 1965
Brian has been with Jurgens & Co., P.A. since 1996, and became an owner in 2004. He specializes in individual and business taxation, and auditing cooperatives and privately owned businesses. Brian graduated from Washington State University in 1996.
David has worked in public accounting since 1987. He had his own firm for 17 years and merged his practice with Jurgens & Co., P.A. in 2015. He specializes in individual and business taxation and serves a wide variety of industries including health care, sawmills, banking, construction and auto dealerships. David graduated from the University of Idaho in 1982.
Jessica has been with Jurgens & Co., P.A. since 2000. She specializes in auditing privately owned businesses and also provides accounting and taxation services to individuals and business entities. She became a principal in 2015.
Kim has been with Jurgens & Co., P.A. since 2000. She specializes in individual and business taxation and auditing cooperatives. She serves a multitude of industries including farming, construction, petroleum and health care. She became a principal in 2015.
Archives Select Month February 2017 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008
A year ago, I tried making the famous Sacher torte for my mother’s birthday. It’s a dense chocolate cake with apricot filling that hails from Vienna. I did tons of research and worked much harder than usual to get the cake just right.
Epic fail, everyone. The glaze was clumpy and the cake was just way too dry. It was so not worth all that time and effort. Luckily, time passed and I decided I wanted to try again, but this time I did it on my terms. That means the cake became a brownie and the glaze was a much simpler version of the process that did me in a year ago.
It’s cliché to say that time heals, but clichés are often quite true. I’ve had friendships end, important ones, without really understanding what happened. It’s hurtful, but stepping back and getting both time and perspective can really help.
One of my favorite short stories is by my favorite author, Edith Wharton. She wrote a story called “Roman Fever” that I’ve read more times than I can possibly say. It starts a little slow, but if you make it through to the end, I promise it will be rewarding. Anyway, it’s about two older women who have all these friendship issues even though they should be well past it. One of the best lines from the story is, “So these two ladies visualized each other, each through the wrong end of her little telescope.”
We’re always looking at other people that way, through the wrong end of whatever telescope we happen to be peering through. That’s how friendships end, why people hurt other people, and why it’s so hard for everyone to get along. Very few people can see inside the real version of ourselves to get who we really are. When we find those people, we should hold on to them, because they’re rare.
One of the people who gets me, and who always will, is my mother. We’re not alike in a lot of ways, but in the important ways, we are. On the surface, we look and behave differently, but we have the same fundamental views on the things that matter. So the least my mother deserves is a cake on her birthday.
My mom is a pianist (and a darn good one), so that’s why I piped some music flair on her cake. My children call her “Baba,” the Russian word for “grandmother,” so that’s the B you see. She likes Sacher torte, so I gave her my best version of it at this point. Maybe someday I’ll do it the traditional way, but this year, she got the brownie-fied version.
A year ago, I couldn’t have thought of even trying something close to this cake again, but hey, time helps. All we need is the space to think and read amazing short stories and everything is healed. So happy birthday to my mom, who is the best. I love her more than I love brownies!
Preheat the oven to 350. Line three 9-inch round pans with parchment paper and coat with cooking spray. Set aside.
In a medium-sized bowl, mix the cocoa into the melted butter until it dissolves. Add the sugar and stir again. When the sugar is incorporated, mix in the vanilla and eggs. Add the salt and flour, mixing until just combined.
Evenly distribute the batter among the three pans. Bake for 25-30 minutes until set. Cool completely.
When the cakes are cool, make the glaze. Melt the chocolate in a saucepan with the butter and 2 tablespoons of water. When it's melted, take the pot off the heat and stir in the powdered sugar. Add the remaining tablespoons of water and stir until smooth.
Allow the glaze to thicken for about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. You want it to be able to pour it, but not have it be too thin.
When the glaze is thick enough, stack the brownie layers carefully, spreading a thin layer of apricot jam in between each layer.
Pour the glaze onto the center of the cake. Using a knife or offset spatula, carefully spread the glaze to the edges, letting some drip over the sides.
I fulfill many roles in life: wife, mother, teacher, everlasting learner. This site is dedicated to one role that expresses my creativity in ways that I find consistently challenging and rewarding: baker. Inventing new ways to enhance food, especially if that food involves chocolate or peanut butter (or both!), is a passion of mine. I look forward to sharing my ideas with you.
My dad just had a birthday, so I made his favorite: German chocolate cake. And like the dutiful daughter I am, I didn’t work crazy hard on it because my dad told me not to. My parents are always telling me to take it easier.
While I was baking this cake, I realized that I don’t talk about my dad much on this blog, which is odd. My parents are a huge part of my life. We live close to one another, so I see them almost daily. And my dad explains a lot about who I am.
So hard to answer a question for which there’s no good answer. The reason is, of course, because I just never got around to it. And now that I have, I’m embarrassed at how long it took.
I mean, it’s a Butterfinger. They’re so happy. Why would anyone ever leave them out on purpose? Especially when they can go into brownie bites? And I’m not talking about those mediocre brownie bites you buy at Costco in the container. Nuh-uh. These blow those sad little stand-ins for a baked good out of the water, and then some.
It’s Sunday night. Translation: I’m a little cranky. Sunday is errand day, a time to get things together before the onslaught of the week begins. Also, I’m a bit peeved because my husband has tomorrow off for Columbus Day, as do most of the people who work in the DC area. Not me. Nope. I’m working a full day tomorrow!
Sorry, I’m gloomy. When this kind of mood strikes, only one thing can help. Lots and lots of peanut butter. In a bar. With chocolate.
Glad you were able to get the torte right this time, Mir! It looks amazing! I love the layers and how full of chocolate this is. What a gorgeous dessert, and I’m sure it tastes SO good!
Thanks, Gayle! It is definitely full of chocolate. Even I found it to be intense, and I have a very high tolerance!
Yay for getting it right this time – it looks worth it. I am almost glad to hear that even expert bakers like yourself get thing wrong sometimes 😉
Dannii @ Hungry Healthy Happy recently posted…Comment on Greek Spaghetti with Roasted Tomatoes, Feta and Olives by Dannii
Mir, this torte is stunning!!! and I love this post! I agree, time heals and stepping back is sometimes needed, especially when you need to take some time, look at the situation differently and gain some perspective. you and your mother sound like me and my mother. I love my mother so much. . in a lot of ways, I wish I was more like her, but like you said, we are the same where it matters most. I love the music notes on the torte!! so beautiful!!! I hope you guys enjoyed this cake together!!! have a great weekend, Mir!
That is one beautiful brownie torte! I’m sure your mom will love that on her birthday. I love the musical flair and how cool is that your mom is a pianist!
I loe the layers and the chocolate covering the top! mmm absolutely amazing! hope you have a great weekend girl! 😉
I’m so glad it turned out well, yay!! looks gorgeous! Wish your mom a very happy birthday Mir! 🙂 Have a greak weekend!
A very big happy birthday to your mom, I’m sure she can feel all the love that you’ve put in the cake!
Mir – This is so sweet. I adore Edith Wharton’s writing, but haven’t read this short story. I need to know. Isn’t it so true how misunderstandings and grudges can destroy good friendships. It’s sad. I’m glad you have your mom. She sounds like a sweet woman who is very deserving of this special torte.
I am the footer call-to-action block, here you can add some relevant/important information about your company or product. I can be disabled in the theme options.
Health Articles Authors - publish your health related articles. Publishers - get free health content for your website.
Many organizations work for breast cancer research and education in different areas. If you want to make a donation to a breast cancer charity, do some research to find out what aspect your chosen organization supports, so you can be sure your breast cancer gift is going where you want it to. Don't be afraid to ask how your donation will be used, and how much of it will go directly to the cause. Any reputable charity will be happy to answer these questions. The Better Business Bureau requires that at least 50% of raised funds be spent on the stated cause by a charitable organization. Many spend much more. Do some research to find an organization that spends most of your donation on the cause of your choice.
The information provided through this site should not be used for diagnosing or treating a health problem or a disease. It is not a substitute for professional care. If you have or suspect you may have a health problem, you should consult your health care provider.
For her latest solo exhibition, Birkbeck presents 'Vladimir', the new installment from her critically acclaimed 'Instantanés' series. The Instantanés series explores the potential of sound to produce a truthful and resonant aural portrait of a place and it's people. Birkbeck enters the field to record the defining sounds that characterise a location, brings them back to her studio to distil, then rebuilds them into sound installation experiences. These creations are offered to the audience to inspire investigation into our relationship with sound, and how it helps to form our modern sense of identity and place.
Alongside sound works for CD publication and National Radio, Birkbeck has exhibited in Toronto, Singapore and Glasgow, and her work can also be heard on the YYZ anthology Aural Cultures.
Buttering Trio are three gentle souls from Tel Aviv trying to bring the funk to the desert. Using heavy beats, fat MAKE FALAFEL NOT WAR. "Toast sublimely. They got Buttering Trio over to Zurich for their first „Le Lah“ event, where I got the chance to sit down with the band to talk about their music, goats, falafels and. Buttering Trio - FALAFEL. Buttering Trio show in Tel Aviv Kerendun / Beno Hendler / Rejoicer Sound by Adir "The Doctor" Video by Shay&Nomok youtube .com.
Find a Buttering Trio - Toast first pressing or reissue. Complete your Buttering Trio collection. Shop Vinyl and CDs. A3, Falafel. Featuring – Beno Hendler. Buttering Trio are three gentle souls from Tel Aviv trying to bring the funk to the desert. Falafel. Buttering Trio. 5. Ganja Man. Buttering Trio. 6. Listen to & purchase Falafel by Buttering Trio from the album Toast at Kudos. Vinyl records, CDs and MP3 downloads shipping worldwide. Buttering Trio are three hippie looking gentle souls from Tel Aviv trying to bring chants of “Falafel”, the warm farfisa swirls and louche beats of “Tired Love”, the.
For intuitive and critical discussions, from spirituality to theological doctrines. Fair warning: because the subject matter is personal, moderation is strict.
This thread is derived from a discussion I was having with zinnat13 on turtle's "a new church" thread. I felt that our own discussion broached these relationships from, let's say, a different direction.
So to speak of "what" "exactly" "I" "am", is merely to speculate in the here and the now regarding the manner in which all of the existential variables in my life came to predispose me to think of my self in one particular subjective manner rather than another. And [for me] that doesn't change just because the subject pertains to the relationship between God, religion and the church.
Think about that. We are discussing how each of us as indiviiduals think about God and religion and any particular denominational church, and it is not important to grapple with how we, as individuals, come to acquire our own subjective point of view about that?!
On the contrary, as I have noted previously, such discussions in places like this about relationships of this sort revolve precisely around it:
There are two ways in which we can come to a point of view pertaining to value judgments. On the one hand, we can spend hours and hours and hours actually thinking about the pros and the cons of the behaviors we derive from our particular value judgments. We can then try to have as many different experiences as possible relating to those behaviors ; and we can discuss them with as many different people as possible in order to get diverse points of view; and we can try to acquire as much knowledge and information about these behaviors/value judgments in order to be fully informed on it.
On the other hand, based on my own experience, most folks don't do this it all. Instead, they live in a particular time and place, acquire a particular set of experiences, accumulate a particular set of relationships and acquire particular sources of knowledge and information -- which then comes [rather fortuitously] over the years to predispose them to particular subjective points of view that might well have changed over and again throughout the years. And, indeed, may well change many times more.
Now, how is this conjecture NOT related to the dicussion unfolding on threads like these? All one need do is to acknowledge how our behaviors [and the consequences that derive from them] revolve around how we think about things such as this. Right?
My argument in fact is that many folks don't want to grapple with dasein and conflicting goods as I do. Why? Because they come to recognize just how profoundly problematic their own identity and value judgments actually are.
Again, the irony here being how so much of my own motivation for engaging in these discussions revolves around coming up with an argument, analysis, point of view etc. that dissuades me from thinking like this.
zinnat13 wrote: You misunderstood me. That is not what i was trying to say. Perhaps, the shortness of my answer is the cause of confusion as it did not explained enough.
By saying plain and simple, i merely meant that these are the areas those are suppsed to be explored. I did not say that exploration would be simple. These two are different things altogether.
Okay, point taken. I did misunderstand you. But, sooner or later, a discussion of the relationship between God and religion and any particular church has to come down to demonstrating the actual existence of this God -- or simply in someone having faith in His existence. Or in predicating one's belief in his existence on definitions and deductions, on tautological arguments and analysis, on "personal experience", on a God that exists "in your head".
And, sooner or later, those who profess a belief in a God have to get around in turn to speculating [for others] on whether or not this is tantaumont to their belief in the God. And whether this is the same God. And the relationship between this and the question "how ought one to live" -- given that a belief in the God almost always revolves in turn around things like immortality, salvation, divine justice, and -- down here -- differentiating Sinful behavior from virtuous behavior.
zinnat13 wrote: The easy part is only to know where to look for the answers. That does not entail that finding the right answers would be easy also.
The simple answer is that one can know that by reaching at the peak of Mount Everst because it is about nine kms above the sea level. But, this does not mean that one can know the weather exactly that easily by climbing at the peak of that mountain.
Again, you lose me here. How would belonging to any particular church [old or new] enable us to "easily" look for the answers to the questions that I bring up: those revolving around "conflicting goods" pertaining to moral conflicts like abortion?
Because if someone does posit a new church that will be the first thing that I do bring up. I will point out how flesh and blood human beings come to embody subjective points of view about value judgments that always seem TO be embedded in conflicting goods.
Me, I'm not looking for "simple" answers. On the contrary, given how I construe these relationships I always assume that the answers will be hard. But that is at the very least. What intrigues me [far more] is how any particular individual makes a distinction here between "I" as dasein and I as his or her TRUE self. And then in how they come up with an argument that obviates conflicting goods by showing us how we can attain the objective good [an objective truth] instead.
He was like a man who wanted to change all; and could not; so burned with his impotence; and had only me, an infinitely small microcosm to convert or detest. John Fowles
iambiguous wrote: Think about that. We are discussing how each of us as indiviiduals think about God and religion and any particular denominational church, and it is not important to grapple with how we, as individuals, come to acquire our own subjective point of view about that?!
That is true that everyone's views are based on his subjective understanding/experiences of reality, but i do not think that discussing that would serve any purpose. Though, i am not against that, if you are interested.
iambiguous wrote: There are two ways in which we can come to a point of view pertaining to value judgments. On the one hand, we can spend hours and hours and hours actually thinking about the pros and the cons of the behaviors we derive from our particular value judgments. We can then try to have as many different experiences as possible relating to those behaviors ; and we can discuss them with as many different people as possible in order to get diverse points of view; and we can try to acquire as much knowledge and information about these behaviors/value judgments in order to be fully informed on it.
I do not see anything to disagree in that. Though, i am the product of second method but after that, i opted for the first one, thought about it over and over, also tried to get second opinion and crosscheked it with whatever means that i had.
iambiguous wrote: Now, how is this conjecture NOT related to the dicussion unfolding on threads like these? All one need do is to acknowledge how our behaviors [and the consequences that derive from them] revolve around how we think about things such as this. Right?
That is true but we cannot keep that discussing as it would be very long and lengthy process and almost impossible on the net. That requires a long one-to-one interaction in person.
iambiguous wrote: My argument in fact is that many folks don't want to grapple with dasein and conflicting goods as I do. Why? Because they come to recognize just how profoundly problematic their own identity and value judgments actually are.
iambiguous wrote: Again, the irony here being how so much of my own motivation for engaging in these discussions revolves around coming up with an argument, analysis, point of view etc. that dissuades me from thinking like this.
iambiguous wrote: Okay, point taken. I did misunderstand you. But, sooner or later, a discussion of the relationship between God and religion and any particular church has to come down to demonstrating the actual existence of this God -- or simply in someone having faith in His existence. Or in predicating one's belief in his existence on definitions and deductions, on tautological arguments and analysis, on "personal experience", on a God that exists "in your head".
That is fine. For being convienced, there is only a theory, or an ontology, which is speculative too. All we can check its coherency with given premises and result with reality. Means, the theory answers all questions or not. That is the limit for now.
I see this issue slightly differently. To me, as far as the philosophy/evidence is concerned, the concept of God is something like N's WTP. That begs a question. Is there any evidence of WTP? No. Can it be demonstrated phycially? No. Then why people believe that there is any such thing? WTP is a metaphysical premise and cannot be verified physically. So, does that mean that believing in WTP are fools? I think that the concept of the God should be given the equal treatment too. Philosophy allows that.
Having said that, it is not the case that evidence cannot be gathered. It certainly can but it cannot be demostrated because of its very nature. Those, who are not interested in the personal investigation, should treat God as a metaphysical premise.
By treating a metaphysical premise, i do not mean that they should accept it. They are open to criticize, but with dignity, in the same way of other philosophical premises.
The fact of the matter is everything use to happen in the head. The reality is formed in the head, not outside from it. The images of reality depends on the lens of observation. There are many layers of reality too. Thus, reality depends upon the fact that the obsever corresponds to which layer.
Say, that there is a man. As a man, you will consider it also a man. But, if you start deducting a man in the crude physica terms, A man is nothing that some solid and lequid materials. After further deduction, it will come to some basic elemants like carbon and oxygen. Next step would be proton and electrons. Then, particles like Higgs-Boson would come into play and we do not know how many layeers are still remaining! The jury is still out, as far as the science is concerned.
So, the question is what is the reality? Or, which stage should be considered as a reality? And, why not others?
The first reason is that one should believe in the God because good, honest and sincere people like Jesus asked to do so. I am not asking believing in imagination (God) but in reality (Jesus). Forget about God and just remember Jesus. Was he real or not? Was he a good and kind person or not? I am not saying that he cannot make mistakes but history tells us that he was at least a good person by intent and sacrificed himself for the sake of others.
The second reason is that he offered a good value system by and large. Keeping one odd mistake of his aside as an exception, there is nothing wrong with his social premises and still very much applicable.
Thirdly, there may be a possibility that whatever he said about the God may be true? After all, there is at least a posibility of that or not? So, why one cannot give it a shot? Let us see what happens.
lastly, Keep Jusus just as moral preacher or philosopher, just like Socrates and Spinoza. At least, Jesus can find a place in the leage of those people, or even this demand is exaggerated too?
But remember, i am merely pleading for Jesus, neither any Church nor all that what it says in his name.
iambiguous wrote: Again, you lose me here. How would belonging to any particular church [old or new] enable us to "easily" look for the answers to the questions that I bring up: those revolving around "conflicting goods" pertaining to moral conflicts like abortion?
imb, look carefully. I am not asking to look at Church for the answers but from there the Church itself derived its answers; the man itself. Use Church as a peer view: Value it but do not have blind faith.
iambiguous wrote: Me, I'm not looking for "simple" answers. On the contrary, given how I construe these relationships I always assume that the answers will be hard. But that is at the very least. What intrigues me [far more] is how any particular individual makes a distinction here between "I" as dasein and I as his or her TRUE self. And then in how they come up with an argument that obviates conflicting goods by showing us how we can attain the objective good [an objective truth] instead.
For me, there is only one I/ME, whether knowledgeable or ignorant. And, i will tell you how i concluded those judgements. You are welcome to question their validity.
My own purpose here is precisely to note the distinction between that which we can both agree is true objectively -- that we are engaged in an exchange about God and religion on this thread at ILP -- and that which will [in my view] revolve only around subjective assumptions -- that my point of view is more reasonable than yours. Or that your point of view is more reasonable than mine.
Why? Because neither of us are able to pose arguments regarding the truth about God and religion that are the empirical/material equivalent of noting the existence of the exchange itself.
And, in turn, that how you and I came to these subjective value judgments about God and religion is rooted more in dasein than in our capacity to attain the knowledge necessary to provide the most rational/logical argument for or against His existence.
zinnat13 wrote: I do not see anything to disagree in that. Though, i am the product of second method but after that, i opted for the first one, thought about it over and over, also tried to get second opinion and crosscheked it with whatever means that i had.
Again, think about that. What would any particular individual need to experience or know in order to be able to say with a definitive assurance that God does in fact exist...and that the God that he or she believes in is the only existing God? Compare the experiences you have had here as an individual with the vast number of experiences that are available to be had by someone of our species.
In short, your own personal experiences are but a teeny, tiny fraction of what can be experienced. Same with all of the people you have discussed this with...or all of the information "out there" to be had that might profoundly influence your current point of view. Each individual can only come into contact with a very, very small percentage of all there is. After all, why do you suppose there are so many vast and varied narratives here?
And yet over and over and over again we come into places like this and encounter objectivist after objectivist after objectivst all claiming that their own value judgments here do indeed reflect what is really true about God and religion.
Yes, we come across this many times here. Someone will make an argument. Another will address it. But the person making the argument will not construe the rebuttal/rejoinder as in fact addressing it at all. Or as missing the most important parts. But this does not surprise me. And precisely because with respect to things like God and religion [or identity, morality and conflicting goods] both sides will make arguments that can neither be fully verified nor fully falsified. Instead, only the actual manifestation/embodiment of God Him/Her/Itself can "settle" it.
That is why for thousands of years now these discussions and debates persist. I merely inject dasein, conflicting goods and political economy into the conversations in order to offer one possible explanation as to why nothing ever gets resolved.
And then to note that, for many, what is of chief importance is that it can be resolved. And thus to suggest further that so much of this revolves instead around human psychology rather than either philosophy or religion.
zinnat13 wrote: To me, as far as the philosophy/evidence is concerned, the concept of God is something like N's WTP. That begs a question. Is there any evidence of WTP? No. Can it be demonstrated phycially? No. Then why people believe that there is any such thing? WTP is a metaphysical premise and cannot be verified physically. So, does that mean that believing in WTP are fools? I think that the concept of the God should be given the equal treatment too. Philosophy allows that.
There is certainly plenty of empirical evidence to be had that suggests the human brain is capable of producing human interactions that clearly seem to revolve around what we construe to be "power".
But the often brutal manifestations of conflicts over power would seem only to be overwhelming proof that the evolution of life on earth came down to brains able to embody this. But how does that then make the existence of God [of my God not your God] any more manifest?
To me it still comes down to sheer speculation about one of the possible "metaphysical" explanations.
And in that respect [for me] what is always of fundamental importance is the extent to which any of this speculation ["in your head"] would be able to convince me that God does in fact exist; and then the manner in which one would be expected to relate to this God in the context of achieving immortality, salvation, divine justice and an understanding of objective morality.
The rest [again for me] is just academic, scholastic, theological masturbation. Sure, it can be a fascinating intellectual excursion: a grappling with the very nature of existence itself! Of Reality itself!
But once a mere mortal starts to run out of time, he or she tends to become more "practical" about these things.
zinnat13 wrote: The first reason is that one should believe in the God because good, honest and sincere people like Jesus asked to do so. I am not asking believing in imagination (God) but in reality (Jesus). Forget about God and just remember Jesus. Was he real or not? Was he a good and kind person or not? I am not saying that he cannot make mistakes but history tells us that he was at least a good person by intent and sacrificed himself for the sake of others.
But it does not "work" or seem reasonable to me. I still go back to the arguments I raised above. And then all I can do is to ask myself if the arguments of others "address" these points. And, sure, up to a point, some are considerably more intelligent than others. Your own are certainly more sophisticated [to me] than the arguments of James S. Saint, Phyllo and their [rather shallow and transparent] objectivist ilk.
As for the "reality" of Jesus. That is still in dispute: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historicity_of_Jesus
And, in any event, the philosophy of Jesus is still just a political narrative to me. The sort of behaviors he championed, are not championed at all by others.
Indeed, it would be quite interesting to discuss the morality of abortion with Jesus. How would He address the manner in which I construe it in terms of dasein, conflicting goods and political economy?
zinnat13 wrote: For me, there is only one I/ME, whether knowledgeable or ignorant. And, i will tell you how i concluded those judgements. You are welcome to question their validity.
Then we think about these things in very different ways. But I can well understand why most folks do react as they do to "dasein". And that is because emotionally and psychologically it is just too discomfitting to imagine that, after peeling away all of the existential layers of their life, there is not some True Self nestled down there at the center of it all: I/ME
But the closest I can come to this is in acknowledging that I come into this world predisposed by my particular gentic/biological makeup to go in some directions rather than others. And that as a child I was indoctrinated/brainwashed [historically, culturally, experientially] to embody one particular "reality" rather than another. But then nurture is as well a truly powerful component of "I".
iambiguous wrote: My own purpose here is precisely to note the distinction between that which we can both agree is true objectively -- that we are engaged in an exchange about God and religion on this thread at ILP -- and that which will [in my view] revolve only around subjective assumptions -- that my point of view is more reasonable than yours. Or that your point of view is more reasonable than mine.
iambiguous wrote: And, in turn, that how you and I came to these subjective value judgments about God and religion is rooted more in dasein than in our capacity to attain the knowledge necessary to provide the most rational/logical argument for or against His existence
iambiguous wrote: What would any particular individual need to experience or know in order to be able to say with a definitive assurance that God does in fact exist...
Something such that he or others does not experience normally (beyond physical senses), something in the tune of that scriptures of various religions say. Though, that does not give any assurance of the existence of the God itself, but tells that there is some truth in scriptures and they may be right about the God too.
That is a long shot. We should not engage in that now otherwise the discussion would be derailed. Let us first restrict ourselves to the issue whether something exists beyond our limit of physical approach or not. Let us take one step at a time.
Though, i can take about the particularity of the God, but that requires a very long and detailed answer.
iambiguous wrote: Compare the experiences you have had here as an individual with the vast number of experiences that are available to be had by someone of our species.
iambiguous wrote: In short, your own personal experiences are but a teeny, tiny fraction of what can be experienced. Same with all of the people you have discussed this with...or all of the information "out there" to be had that might profoundly influence your current point of view. Each individual can only come into contact with a very, very small percentage of all there is. After all, why do you suppose there are so many vast and varied narratives here?
Yes, we can only experience only a tiny part of what is out there. But, as i am able to understand it over the years, there is no difference in narratives at root level as i can understand other narratives from my perception. It is only the issue of getting some basic premises right and different narratives start to unfold.
iambiguous wrote: And yet over and over and over again we come into places like this and encounter objectivist after objectivist after objectivst all claiming that their own value judgments here do indeed reflect what is really true about God and religion.
iambiguous wrote: And how would "a long one-to-one interaction in person" with another change any of that?
It can change things to some extent because conversation of the net takes very long time. Means, one day of one-to-one is equal to at least to one month at ILP. That can speed up the process.
iambiguous wrote: Yes, we come across this many times here. Someone will make an argument. Another will address it. But the person making the argument will not construe the rebuttal/rejoinder as in fact addressing it at all. Or as missing the most important parts. But this does not surprise me. And precisely because with respect to things like God and religion [or identity, morality and conflicting goods] both sides will make arguments that can neither be fully verified nor fully falsified. Instead, only the actual manifestation/embodiment of God Him/Her/Itself can "settle" it.
I do not think that i tried to evade the issues raised by you. You are welcome to repeat that if you think so by stressing on particulars, those you expect me to address.
iambiguous wrote: That is why for thousands of years now these discussions and debates persist. I merely inject dasein, conflicting goods and political economy into the conversations in order to offer one possible explanation as to why nothing ever gets resolved
iambiguous wrote: And then to note that, for many, what is of chief importance is that it can be resolved. And thus to suggest further that so much of this revolves instead around human psychology rather than either philosophy or religion.
The issue of the God can be discussed by both philosophically and religiously. Psychology is the third method.
iambiguous wrote: There is certainly plenty of empirical evidence to be had that suggests the human brain is capable of producing human interactions that clearly seem to revolve around what we construe to be "power".
I do not agree with this. Apply the same yardstick in the case of WTP too, what you are using in the case of God. Remember your argument of showing God in one's backyard. There is no physical evidence of philosophical premises whatsoever. Everything is in the head. If not, explain me.
iambiguous wrote: But the often brutal manifestations of conflicts over power would seem only to be overwhelming proof that the evolution of life on earth came down to brains able to embody this. But how does that then make the existence of God [of my God not your God] any more manifest?
When i ask for hard physical evidence in the case of philosophical premises, you are citing evolution. But, going by that theory, when religions postulate about God using philosophical premise that there must be some cause behind existence, and they name it God, you raise objection immediately. Why?
If this whole universe can come into existence without any initiator or cause, why this tiny evolution on one of the zillions planets called earth is not possible by chance, but only by WTP?
iambiguous wrote: And in that respect [for me] what is always of fundamental importance is the extent to which any of this speculation ["in your head"] would be able to convince me that God does in fact exist; and then the manner in which one would be expected to relate to this God in the context of achieving immortality, salvation, divine justice and an understanding of objective morality.
To me it still comes down to sheer speculation about one of the possible "metaphysical" explanations.[/quote]
As i said above, let us restrict ourselves to the issue of whether something exist beyond physical means or not for the time being. God, salvation, immorality would come later.
iambiguous wrote: The rest [again for me] is just academic, scholastic, theological masturbation. Sure, it can be a fascinating intellectual excursion: a grappling with the very nature of existence itself! Of Reality itself!
imb, we all use eletricity daily but did we invent it? We are using the finding of Faraday and Franklin. Nobody questions or try to invent electricity before using it. Why? Because it helps in our daily life. It is as simple as that.
Take any stream of knowledge; there are/were always two types of people. Ones are those who discover (scholars) and others are those who use/follow it because it suits them (masses).
The teaching or Jesus or Buddha works/worked reasonably well in the daily life. That is enough reason to follow that for masses. They need not to go in trouble of verification. But, that does not apply to scholars. They should not believe blindly but investigate in person to verify.
So, the real question is what is the purpose of the person involved, whether he merely wants to use or interested in verification? That will decide what works for one or not?
zinnat13 wrote: lastly, Keep Jusus just as moral preacher or philosopher, just like Socrates and Spinoza. At least, Jesus can find a place in the leage of those people, or even this demand is exaggerated too?
iambiguous wrote: But it does not "work" or seem reasonable to me. I still go back to the arguments I raised above. And then all I can do is to ask myself if the arguments of others "address" these points. And, sure, up to a point, some are considerably more intelligent than others. Your own are certainly more sophisticated [to me] than the arguments of James S. Saint, Phyllo and their [rather shallow and transparent] objectivist ilk.
Secondly, why considering Jesus as a moral preacher does not seem reasonable to you? Give me any reason?
iambiguous wrote: As for the "reality" of Jesus. That is still in dispute: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historicity_of_Jesus
All these philosophers were there before Jesus. But, the interesting thing is that nobody questions their existence but Jesus is only one in the dispute! Why? Did you ever ask this question to yourself?
In today's world, anyone can come up with a blog or website and can also post whatever he likes but that does not make it true. Even you or me can challenge the validity of Aristotle but that does not change the reality. If you are ready to deny the existence of all those philosophers, those existed before Jesus, i will take him back too.
imb, you cannot have two different benchmark for philosophy and religions, just because you are interested in philosophy, not in religions. That is unfair.
Yes, i am ready to accept the questioning on the Jesus being the son of god or a prophet. That can be disputed but you cannot deny his existence as a normal human, who was a preacher.
iambiguous wrote: And, in any event, the philosophy of Jesus is still just a political narrative to me. The sort of behaviors he championed, are not championed at all by others.
iambiguous wrote: Indeed, it would be quite interesting to discuss the morality of abortion with Jesus. How would He address the manner in which I construe it in terms of dasein, conflicting goods and political economy?
His aim was merely to erase the intellectual confusion that Judaism created, thus he kept himself to simple issues like morality and devotion.
iambiguous wrote: Then we think about these things in very different ways. But I can well understand why most folks do react as they do to "dasein". And that is because emotionally and psychologically it is just too discomfitting to imagine that, after peeling away all of the existential layers of their life, there is not some True Self nestled down there at the center of it all: I/ME
By saying that there is only one I/ME does not mean that that i cannot not examine myself objectively. I can do that far better than most of the others, if not all. Actually, that is the first thing that i learned during that journey.
Spirituality/religions start from this very point. Everything else comes later. That is also the ultimate aim of religions; to investigate I/ME. The discovery of the God was merely the byproduct of this investigation. It was not their aim. Religions start from oneself, not from the god. People are hugely mistaken about this.
iambiguous wrote: But the closest I can come to this is in acknowledging that I come into this world predisposed by my particular gentic/biological makeup to go in some directions rather than others
iambiguous wrote: And that as a child I was indoctrinated/brainwashed [historically, culturally, experientially] to embody one particular "reality" rather than another. But then nurture is as well a truly powerful component of "I".
You were brainwashed and it is also now your second layer of brainwashing unwrapping and making you feel that you were brainwashed in the childhood. It is not as simple as you are thinking. There are layers of brainwashing and still a new layer is being created in this life.
The real issue is if there is anything real I/We without any brainwashing, or we are nothing except brainwashing!
Yes, and lots of different people have lots of different experiences in lots of different cultural and historical contexts and [thus] have lots of different personal narratives about God and religion. So, again, how are they then able to demonstrate to others that their own personal narrative is in fact the one true objective reality? That [to me] is what it comes down to. Believing in your own narrative and being able to demonstrate why others ought to believe it as well. Again, juxtaposed to being able to demonstrate to others that in fact we are engaged in this exchange at ILP.
Basically you are acknowledging that this is a "long shot". You want to put that off until later and concentrate instead on [what to me is] the far more intangible part: probing "the issue whether something exists beyond our limit of physical approach or not."
Yet this, to me, just takes us back into exchanging what we claim to believe is true and reasonable "in our heads" -- based largely on our personal experiences and on how we define the words we use in our argument and the extent to which we can just assume that our deductions are rational. Which, to me, is what folks like Saint and Phyllo always do.
Yes, but this can still only reflect a tiny fraction of all the experiences there are to be had by a human being -- experiences, relationships, sources of information that would impact on his or her beliefs about God and religion.
But we don't need to have new experiences, relationships or sources of information in order to demonstrate that which is in fact true is in fact true. 1 + 1 will always equal 2. This exchange we are having at ILP does exist. A bachelor will always be an unmarried man. The earth does go around the sun. There ARE things that ARE objectively true. Things that DO transcend dasein and conflicting goods. And maybe the existence of God [a God, the God, your God] is also true objectively. But basically [from my frame of mind] you are just one more person who believes this but is not able to convince me to believe it too. At least for now.
zinnat13 wrote: I do not think that i tried to evade the issues raised by you. You are welcome to repeat that if you think so by stressing on particulars, those you expect me to address.
It is not a question of evasion, but of recognizing [what to me are] the inherent limitations of any particular premises we may exchange here. How much closer [or further away] will they take us [as two particular daseins] to a demonstrable existence of a God, the God, your God? And I will certainly admit that I am not able to demonstrate that No God exist.
zinnat13 wrote: I do not agree with this. Apply the same yardstick in the case of WTP too, what you are using in the case of God. Remember your argument of showing God in one's backyard. There is no physical evidence of philosophical premises whatsoever. Everything is in the head. If not, explain me.
We live in a world where we want things. Where we need things. And clearly the historical record shows us that being able to enforce a particular social, political and economic order enables some to get a hell of a lot more of what they want and what they need. And if that does not revolve around what we have come to construe to be "power" what does it revolve around? Around God?
And these behaviors are surely part and parcel of the evolution of life on earth culminating [in terms of complexity] in the human brain. The reality of power is everywhere. That some have coined the expression "the will to power" is just one of the ways in which to situate it out in the world of actual, existential human interactions.
And the human brain is such that it can then focus on these existential interactions from a "philosophical" perspective. True. But what then can the philosophers tell us about how power ought to be used out in the world of human interaction? And what can the philosophers demonstrate to us regarding the objective relationship between power and God? They either can or they can't. Here and now.
zinnat13 wrote: When i ask for hard physical evidence in the case of philosophical premises, you are citing evolution. But, going by that theory, when religions postulate about God using philosophical premise that there must be some cause behind existence, and they name it God, you raise objection immediately. Why?
I'm not sure what you are saying here. I have already acknowledged the ontological and teleological mystery that is existence qua existence. We don't know why something exist rather than nothing. We don't know why it is this existence and not another. And, sure, it may well be true that the explanation resides in God.
But then we are just back to religionists being able to demonstrate the actual existence of this God. The God, their God, they will insist. And not some other God. Your God, perhaps.
zinnat13 wrote: As i said above, let us restrict ourselves to the issue of whether something exist beyond physical means or not for the time being. God, salvation, immorality would come later.
Most religionists posit the existence of the God. Most religionists insist that this is their God. Most religionists argue that a belief in their God is of fundamental importance if one wants to attain immortality and salvation.
So, you've got to understand that, in focusing on the premise, "something exist beyond physical means", while interesting and intriguing philosophically, will not be what most folks concern themselves with in pursuing God and religion.
I do not pursue these things myself as a "scholar". On the contrary, as I note over and over again, I am interested in philosophy only to the extent that philosophers are able to implicate and situate their "premises" existentially. In particular with respect to "how ought one to live?"
For me, God and religion are important only to the extent to which I might pursue this "beyond the grave".
zinnat13 wrote: ...why considering Jesus as a moral preacher does not seem reasonable to you? Give me any reason?
A moral narrative is reasonable or not reasonable from a point of view. How is a follower of Jesus able to demonstrate that His narrative is deontologically sound other than in insisting that He is the Son of God...or the embodiment of God on earth? What would Jesus tell us about the morality of abortion, capital punishment, the role of government, capitalism, gender norms, homosexuality. Would whatever He tells us then become the "objective truth"?
zinnat13 wrote: imb, i am sorry to say that here your subjectivity took over your objectivity. Let me tell you why.
Again and again: It comes down to the extent to which there either is or is not historical evidence to believe that one or another man or woman did or did not exist. That's all we have available to us. But with respect to "how ought we to live?" [and the relationship between that and God and religion] the philosophers you mention here are all over the philosophical map. So, how are we to determine which of them spoke the objective truth?
zinnat13 wrote: By saying that there is only one I/ME does not mean that that i cannot not examine myself objectively. I can do that far better than most of the others, if not all. Actually, that is the first thing that i learned during that journey.
Just think of all the thousands upon thousands of existential variables in your life you either had no control over or are able to understand only from an existential point of view. Do you actually imagine that if you were born hundreds of years ago or were raised in an entirely different culture or had a completely different set of experiences, relationships and sources of information, you would still think the way you do now about so many different things? Things like God and religion and identity and morality?
For me, instead, the more intriguing question revolves around those things that we can demonstrate to be true for all of us -- and those things that become merely the subjective embodiment of a particular point of view. One that is always [potentially] subject to reconfiguration in a world OF contingency and chance and change. God and religion are just two more aspects of this. Or so it seems to me. And though they may start "from oneself" [in the mind of a particular dasein/individual] there either is or is not an actual God on the other end.
zinnat13 wrote: The real issue is if there is anything real I/We without any brainwashing, or we are nothing except brainwashing!
In my own way, this is also the point I am making. 1 + 1 = 2. This exchange we are having. The earth orbiting the sun. The rules of language. The laws of nature. I do not believe that the objective existence of these things revolves around my having been brainwashed to believe them.
That different folks have different [and often profoundly conflicting] views about God and religion is also true objectively. Or seems to be given the extent to which mere mortals are able to demonstrate something as being true objectively.
No, it's not all brainwashing, of course. More like an existential nudge -- or push. But it is a long, long, long way from having been demonstrated to be true objectively.
iambiguous wrote: Yes, and lots of different people have lots of different experiences in lots of different cultural and historical contexts and [thus] have lots of different personal narratives about God and religion. So, again, how are they then able to demonstrate to others that their own personal narrative is in fact the one true objective reality? That [to me] is what it comes down to. Believing in your own narrative and being able to demonstrate why others ought to believe it as well. Again, juxtaposed to being able to demonstrate to others that in fact we are engaged in this exchange at ILP.
It seems to me that there is some confusion in your mind about how this issue should be addressed/probed.
One way is to demonstrate hard evidence (in the backyard) but that is not possible, at least on the net. So, it would be a waste of time to focus on that.
The second way is to use personal experiences/cogitations to probe this philosophically, as we do for other philosophical premises. That is within our capacity, so let us focus on that.
iambiguous wrote: Yes, but this can still only reflect a tiny fraction of all the experiences there are to be had by a human being -- experiences, relationships, sources of information that would impact on his or her beliefs about God and religion.
That is true. Some subjectivity will be always there but as ones will climb the steps, its ratio is bound to increase and comes closer to pure objectivity.
Secondly, it is not the case that i cannot or hesitating to tell you how i derived my conclusions from my experiences, but the problem with that is, there is no way that you can check the validity of those experiences. So, either you would have to accept that in toto or reject completely. Yes, you can question my conclusions. If that is your intention, i will take this discussion to slightly different route. But, if that is not what you want, let us forget about hard physical evidences of the God and use philosophy only.
iambiguous wrote: Basically you are acknowledging that this is a "long shot". You want to put that off until later and concentrate instead on [what to me is] the far more intangible part: probing "the issue whether something exists beyond our limit of physical approach or not."
If there is nothing without physical reach, there is no possibility of the god either. If there is no arthmatics, there cannot be any algebra either. It is as simple as that. Secondly, it is an easier thing to discuss and conclude than god.
Though, no theist would ask you that. But, this is the very course that i gone through personally, that is why i am using that. Mostly people start learning from books but i consulted books after learning. I did not have the luxury of guidance and have no option but to rely on trial and error method. That perhaps took more time, but on the other hand, it also provided me some subtle insights, that most bookish theists do not have.
iambiguous wrote: Yet this, to me, just takes us back into exchanging what we claim to believe is true and reasonable "in our heads" -- based largely on our personal experiences and on how we define the words we use in our argument and the extent to which we can just assume that our deductions are rational. Which, to me, is what folks like Saint and Phyllo always do.
I will certianly take you beyond in our heads. There are some ways which it can be done philosophically, without needing the compulsion of in the backyard.
iambiguous wrote: But we don't need to have new experiences, relationships or sources of information in order to demonstrate that which is in fact true is in fact true. 1 + 1 will always equal 2. This exchange we are having at ILP does exist. A bachelor will always be an unmarried man. The earth does go around the sun. There ARE things that ARE objectively true
You are getting it slightly wrong here. Actually, it is far more complicated issue than how you presented.
Secondly, there are many layers of reality, thus objectivty depends on which level of reality/subjectivity one belongs. At some point, objectivity and relativity tend to lose their meaning and the real issue becomes which layer of reality the observer belongs and subjectivity becomes the ultimate objectivity.
Say that there is a person. What is his reality to you? Obviously a walking, talking and thinking and normal person with some memories and emotions. But, if you put that person in a scientific machine, machine will you that person has some percentages of carbon, oxygen, iron etc. Then, some more advanced machine would tell you that person is nothing but made of many electrons and protons. After that, perhaps some CERN scientist will tell you that all you know till now is not the objective reality, and this person is nothing but merely the clump of enumerable Higgs-Boson.
So, the question is what should be considered as an objective reality? If you go by scientific deduction, you will certainly get smaller and smaller constituents, but in that case, what will happen to collectivity of that person that is represented by his experinces, memories, thoughts, emotions, feelings etc?
iambiguous wrote: And maybe the existence of God [a God, the God, your God] is also true objectively
There is certainly some true objective reality. That is precisely what Godness is. True objectivity manifests only when one becomes able to comprehend and correspond all levels of reality'; Omnipresence and Omniscience. But. let us not get into that for now.
iambiguous wrote: But basically [from my frame of mind] you are just one more person who believes this but is not able to convince me to believe it too. At least for now.
iambiguous wrote: It is not a question of evasion, but of recognizing [what to me are] the inherent limitations of any particular premises we may exchange here. How much closer [or further away] will they take us [as two particular daseins] to a demonstrable existence of a God, the God, your God? And I will certainly admit that I am not able to demonstrate that No God exist.
Even i cannot demonstrate that the God exists but certainly able to demonstrate that there is something that is beyond physical means. Then, we will talk about the God and i will put my theory forth.
iambiguous wrote: We live in a world where we want things. Where we need things. And clearly the historical record shows us that being able to enforce a particular social, political and economic order enables some to get a hell of a lot more of what they want and what they need. And if that does not revolve around what we have come to construe to be "power" what does it revolve around? Around God?
imb, all these arguments are assumptions. There is no physical evidence to support this. Medical science says that emotions are nothing but merely the result of some chemicals. So, does that mean that WTP is a chemical substance like any hormone?
Remember, i am not saying that WTP or likewise things do not exist. They certainly are but i just want to draw your attention towards the fact that there is scope in philosophy for such premises. And, the premise of God is also entitled to that.
Yes, that is the point on which i want to draw your intention. And, it is good that you did not hesitate to accept what seems to be obvious and logical. Many intellectuals do not do that. They keep discussing metaphysical premises like WTP or Kant's Sehema but as soon as the issue of God comes, they tend to make such faces that they just have tasted something very bitter and that is not going down to their throat.
iambiguous wrote: I'm not sure what you are saying here. I have already acknowledged the ontological and teleological mystery that is existence qua existence. We don't know why something exist rather than nothing. We don't know why it is this existence and not another. And, sure, it may well be true that the explanation resides in God.
iambiguous wrote: Most religionists posit the existence of the God. Most religionists insist that this is their God. Most religionists argue that a belief in their God is of fundamental importance if one wants to attain immortality and salvation.
That is true because they have faith. I also have faith but my reasons of having faith are slightly different. Their faith is borrowed but mine is earned. But, i am not saying that they are doing something wrong. My purpose is also the same; immorality and salvation.
iambiguous wrote: So, you've got to understand that, in focusing on the premise, "something exist beyond physical means", while interesting and intriguing philosophically, will not be what most folks concern themselves with in pursuing God and religion.
I very well understand that. That is not my concern either. I am using that to make our discussion easy, smooth and understandable to both of us. Because, from my experience, i am well aware that starting from the god would not serve any purpose for discussion.
iambiguous wrote: I do not pursue these things myself as a "scholar". On the contrary, as I note over and over again, I am interested in philosophy only to the extent that philosophers are able to implicate and situate their "premises" existentially. In particular with respect to "how ought one to live?"
That is an easier part. But, in that case, why are you interested in finding physical proof of the god and not focus merely on the issue whether it serves any purpose or not? And, why you are not comfortable with merely in the head and want everything in the backyard?
Nevertheless, i do not have issue either way. It is up to you to decide whether you are interested in merely how one ought to live or whether something exist beyond physical means or not.
iambiguous wrote: A moral narrative is reasonable or not reasonable from a point of view. How is a follower of Jesus able to demonstrate that His narrative is deontologically sound other than in insisting that He is the Son of God...or the embodiment of God on earth? What would Jesus tell us about the morality of abortion, capital punishment, the role of government, capitalism, gender norms, homosexuality. Would whatever He tells us then become the "objective truth"?
You are not getting what i was trying to say. What do you think of Ghandi, Mother Teresa, Mandella or MLK? Were they philosophers? Did they address every issue? And, on that grond, should we consider them fools?
Every historical figure addresses his timeline, his context and his surroundings, not the future. There was no need for Jesus to express his views about homosexuality and capitalism. He addressed the intrusions of Judaism and that was his only purpose.
Forget about what Jesus said about the God. Consider him merely a social worker/preacher with noble intention like those social figures. I am asking this to atheists to respect him as a human, at least.
iambiguous wrote: Again and again: It comes down to the extent to which there either is or is not historical evidence to believe that one or another man or woman did or did not exist. That's all we have available to us. But with respect to "how ought we to live?" [and the relationship between that and God and religion] the philosophers you mention here are all over the philosophical map. So, how are we to determine which of them spoke the objective truth?
What kind of historical evidence? Why do you think that the existence of all these all persons, which happened to be there some centuries back that of Jesus, are not in doubt but Jesus's is? Give me reasons.
And, also remember that none of these is/was as famous and influential than Jesus. No one other is as followed and discussed as him. You cannot find any other person in the history of the western world, on whom so many people trusted blindly. Yet, he is the only one whose existence is in doubt! Thus, your argument of all over the philosophical map does not hold water.
Even Aristotle was buried under his books without being noticed. It was Muslim scholars, who dig him out of his grave and introduced the world by his work after some centuries, but nobody questions his existence!
Why only Jesus? Even other religious figures like Moses, Buddha, Mahavira, Muhammad etc are spared! What special evidence these people have that Jesus not! But, the question mark is only behind Jesus! Why?
Whether he said onjective truth or not, can be certainly challenged. Unlike typical theists, I do not mind that.
iambiguous wrote: And, in my view, it is not reasonable to just dismiss the arguments of folks like these:
I tried to have an idea of those links. There is nothing in those that can be said reasonable. All that is nothing but a foolish and biased atheistic attempt to establish that there was no Jesus whatsoever. They are trying to uproot the whole tree instead of merely forbidding others from having its fruits.
imb, if you start looking only for loop holes in the history of such a person, who existed more than 2000 years back, you will find many. That is not a big deal. There are many controversies about the life of Buddha and Mahavira too but nobody ever denies their existence. Yes, some say that they were not such as presented by their followers. That argument may be right or wrong.
Secondly, does it seem possible to you that merely some writers can create such mass illusion and kept it going for more than 2000 years?
iambiguous wrote: Just think of all the thousands upon thousands of existential variables in your life you either had no control over or are able to understand only from an existential point of view. Do you actually imagine that if you were born hundreds of years ago or were raised in an entirely different culture or had a completely different set of experiences, relationships and sources of information, you would still think the way you do now about so many different things? Things like God and religion and identity and morality?
I am very well understsanding what you are trying to say. That phase of my life has been passed as far as some subjects are concerned. There was a time when i came across to the same question, but with further effort and experiences over the time, i became able to understand the realation of observation/perception with the reality.
iambiguous wrote: For me, instead, the more intriguing question revolves around those things that we can demonstrate to be true for all of us -- and those things that become merely the subjective embodiment of a particular point of view. One that is always [potentially] subject to reconfiguration in a world OF contingency and chance and change. God and religion are just two more aspects of this. Or so it seems to me. And though they may start "from oneself" [in the mind of a particular dasein/individual] there either is or is not an actual God on the other end.
One is that i explain you my process and you question my derived cogitations. But, in that case, you have to assume that i am telling the truth.
The second way is to try to establish whether something exist beyond physical means or not. In this case, mere discussion is enough. If that can be established, then we can think how that can be related to the god. No physical evidence is required.
But, did you ever think that 1into 1 can be 1 too! How are you sure that they will add everytime, whenever they interact, and in the way you are assuming? Means, why they cannnot multiply or devide each other? Why 1 and 1are supposed to be 2 everytime and not 1, 0 or 11? In the case, objectivity will lose its meaning and subjectivity becomes the only reality.
iambiguous wrote: This exchange we are having. The earth orbiting the sun. The rules of language. The laws of nature. I do not believe that the objective existence of these things revolves around my having been brainwashed to believe them.
iambiguous wrote: That different folks have different [and often profoundly conflicting] views about God and religion is also true objectively. Or seems to be given the extent to which mere mortals are able to demonstrate something as being true objectively.
That depends upon what this I/ME is in actual terms. If it is nothing but mere brainwashing and ever changeable too, there is no objectivity in this universe whatsoever. But, if something in this I/ME is constant/eternal, there will be an ultimate objectivity for sure.
This exchange that we are having exist objectively in my view. In other words, anyone in the world [irrespective of their views about God and religion and identity and morality] who has access to a computer and the internet can read these words. Everyone will agree that it in fact does exist. It doesn't make any difference whatsoever how different their experiences, relationships and sources of information are. And that's what I construe to be "objective reality". Again, insofar as mere mortals can ever really grasp that given the staggering mystery that is existence itself.
But then we can ask: which of our arguments is more reasonable? Here our particular experiences, relationships, sources of information etc. will have far more relevance. And then we can ask any philosopher to demonstrate which of our subjective narratives here reflects the most rational and objective manner in which to grasp the "reality" of God and religion.
That, in my view, is a very important distinction to make. And this is where we seem to go in different directions. You will acknowledge that there is "some subjectivity" here whereas I see dasein as considerably more relevant in discussions like this.
To wit: The gap "I" see between any premises we might agree on here and demonstrating the actual existence of a God, the God, your God.
zinnat13 wrote: ...it is not the case that i cannot or hesitating to tell you how i derived my conclusions from my experiences, but the problem with that is, there is no way that you can check the validity of those experiences. So, either you would have to accept that in toto or reject completely. Yes, you can question my conclusions. If that is your intention, i will take this discussion to slightly different route. But, if that is not what you want, let us forget about hard physical evidences of the God and use philosophy only.
This is basically my point though. We live in a world where [through televison, film, the internet etc] we are able to note just how different lives can be for others in different cultures, in different parts of the world, from different historical ages.
That is why I always aim the philosophical beam at those things we all seem to share in common -- objective truths that in fact transcend dasein. One being that God is everywhere. Hundreds and hundreds of denominations. And we can explore the reasons for this. But how much closer does that get us to the actual existing God? If He exists at all.
zinnat13 wrote: If there is nothing without physical reach, there is no possibility of the god either. If there is no arthmatics, there cannot be any algebra either. It is as simple as that. Secondly, it is an easier thing to discuss and conclude than god.
And here I always get "stuck": how is this relevant to the lives that we live? In particular when they come into conflict? We discover the laws of nature [and the role that mathematics plays] and we able historically to create the modern, industrial world. But the different perspectives we have on God and religion is irrelevant here. And that is because the laws of physics and mathematics always revolve around either/or. Or do until we enter the domain of QM. There is no question of merely having faith in this. Let alone of worshipping and adoring it. These laws and equations have nothing to do with Sin or Salvation or Immotality or Divine Justice. Unless, of course, they do. But then it is incumbent upon the believer to show us how they do.
zinnat13 wrote: I will certianly take you beyond in our heads. There are some ways which it can be done philosophically, without needing the compulsion of in the backyard.
Again -- for all practical purposes -- I don't know what you mean here. You will have to give me examples of this pertaining to the lives we live. Lives that over and again come into conflict.
zinnat13 wrote: You are getting it slightly wrong here. Actually, it is far more complicated issue than how you presented.
Yes, I can agree with this basically. You articulated it well. But what this encompasses [for me] is that profound mystery still beyond the reach of science: the mystery that is mind. In other words, matter that is like no other. Ever. Mindful matter. Matter able to explore itself as matter...as mind. And here the question of autonomy itself is deconstructed. Could it possibly be that we both embody merely the illusion of choosing our words "freely" here? Yeah, sure, mind may well be the second biggest mystery of all. Behind only the mystery of existence itself. Why something and not nothing? Why this something and not another something?
But how does one then make the profound leap from mind to soul...and from soul to God... and from God to my God...and from my God to the only God?
zinnat13 wrote: imb, all these arguments are assumptions. There is no physical evidence to support this. Medical science says that emotions are nothing but merely the result of some chemicals. So, does that mean that WTP is a chemical substance like any hormone?
Again, I am not really certain what you are trying to say here. This is the world that we live in: http://www.globalissues.org/article/26/ ... -and-stats
And it is a world that clearly revolves around political and economic power. And, yes, there are folks who will justify this philosophically by positing things like WTP: Survival of the fittest, might makes right, the masses are sheep etc.
Now, science may not [yet] be able to fully explain our emotional and psychological reactions to these statistics, but it seems rather obscure [to me] to suggest anything other than the brute facticity of power in both creating and then sustaining this world. And if there be an omniscient and omnipotent God, He certainly seems intent on letting it stay this way.
zinnat13 wrote: That is true because they have faith. I also have faith but my reasons of having faith are slightly different. Their faith is borrowed but mine is earned. But, i am not saying that they are doing something wrong. My purpose is also the same; immorality and salvation.
This, of course, is the aspect of our discussion that piques my own interest. Different folks have faith in -- believe in -- different Gods. And part and parcel to this is the belief that in worshipping their own God, they will achieve immortality and salvation. But only in worshipping their God. And with immoratality and salvation itself at stake, what could be more crucial than believing in the "right God"? Why yours and not all the others? What substantive arguments can they provide us here.
Ann Druyan suggests an experiment: Look back again at the pale blue dot of the preceding chapter. Take a good long look at it. Stare at the dot for any length of time and then try to convince yourself that God created the whole Universe for one of the 10 million or so species of life that inhabit that speck of dust. Now take it a step further: Imagine that everything was made just for a single shade of that species, or gender, or ethnic or religious subdivision. If this doesn’t strike you as unlikely, pick another dot. Imagine it to be inhabited by a different form of intelligent life. They, too, cherish the notion of a God who has created everything for their benefit. How seriously do you take their claim?
Your God, on the other hand, seems [to me] a million miles away from this. Instead, His existence seems tethered only to the premises you are aiming to examine here. You say that you will make this premise more substantial by taking it "out of your head". But sometimes it seems that you are suggesting just the opposite: that no actual physical evidence need be relevant at all.
And I do look forward to exploring whatever it is you are trying to explain to me. But right now, admittedly, I can't imagine how this can be done other then in the way in which folks like James and Phyllo and Wizard do it: through circular definitions and deductions said to be true because they insist that the definition [and the meaning] of the words they provide are true. And that the arguments of atheists must be wrong because they do not correspond with their own "objective" arguments.
zinnat13 wrote: That is an easier part. But, in that case, why are you interested in finding physical proof of the god and not focus merely on the issue whether it serves any purpose or not? And, why you are not comfortable with merely in the head and want everything in the backyard?
If a theist argues that his God does exist but He has nothing to do with attaining immortality, salvation, divine justice and an objective morality...I'd naturally be curious as to what purpose He does serve in our lives. But you yourself noted above that, "[m]y purpose is also the same; immorality and salvation."
And I would venture to say that very, very, very, very few believers are interested in God only as an academic exercise aimed at discovering whether He does in fact merely exist.
And I am still a long way from understanding how "something exist beyond physical means" is related to the existence of a God, the God, your God -- whatever the purpose of believing in Him might be.
zinnat13 wrote: You are not getting what i was trying to say. What do you think of Ghandi, Mother Teresa, Mandella or MLK? Were they philosophers? Did they address every issue? And, on that grond, should we consider them fools?
Yes, we both seem to be on a very different trajectory here. These folks had their own narratives relating to particular Gods and particular religious denominations. But sooner or later they have to address the flock regarding behaviors that will be rewarded or punished. As in on that day of reckoning -- Judgment Day. Now, unless one is arguing that whatever any of them tell their followers to do [in order to be righteous before God], is the right thing to do, what is someone concerned with doing the right thing before God to do?
Really, if any of them [or their followers today] would not be forthright with me regarding the reality of "conflicting goods" out in the world of actual interacting men and women, how seriously could I take them?! If a belief in God is not intimately related to "how ought I to behave?" on the sojourn from birth to death, it would seem entirely sterile to me.
And what does it mean for someone to respect Jesus as a "human being" [as a "social worker"] if they genuinely and sincerely believe that the values he embodied back then are not in accordance with their own regarding issues like abortion or capital punishment or gender roles or economic justice or homosexuality.
zinnat13 wrote: What kind of historical evidence? Why do you think that the existence of all these all persons, which happened to be there some centuries back that of Jesus, are not in doubt but Jesus's is? Give me reasons.
I directed you [and others] to links that explore this. But the link from wiki approaches it from both sides: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historicity_of_Jesus
But the extent to which it can be shown that Jesus did in fact exist as a man back then is of little interest to me in this exchange. It is only the extent to which whatever the historical facts might be can be used to link him to the God of Moses and Abraham -- to the God -- that matters to me.
zinnat13 wrote: I am very well understsanding what you are trying to say. That phase of my life has been passed as far as some subjects are concerned. There was a time when i came across to the same question, but with further effort and experiences over the time, i became able to understand the realation of observation/perception with the reality.
Here we will just have to agree to disagree that you either understand the point I am raising about the profoundly problematic nature of dasein [identity] or that you address it. In my view, we think about these things as we do based on the differing experiences, relationships and sources of information we have encountered. There is no objective truth here...only an exchange of subjective/subjunctive vantage points.
This is simply too abstract for me to sink my teeth into. Either what you believe about God can be translated into the existental lives that we live [lives that come into conflict over value judgments -- judgements pertaining to or not pertaining to God] or it will always be [for me] something that you [now] believe "in your head" that I do not [now] believe "in my head" is true.
zinnat13 wrote: The second way is to try to establish whether something exist beyond physical means or not. In this case, mere discussion is enough. If that can be established, then we can think how that can be related to the god. No physical evidence is required.
Same here. With immortality, salvation, divine justice and objective morality literally at stake, you want me to agree that maybe there is a god if I can agree with you that "something exist beyond physical means". Again: what on earth does that mean pertaining TO "how ought I to live my life" in the here and now in order that I might be embraced by a God, the God, your God after I am dead and gone?
I am willing to explore further your "premise" but I have to honest and note that this seems to be a far cry from the reason most folks believe in God. This really does seem to be just an exercise in scholasticism. Or it does so far to me.
zinnat13 wrote: But, did you ever think that 1into 1 can be 1 too! How are you sure that they will add everytime, whenever they interact, and in the way you are assuming? Means, why they cannnot multiply or devide each other? Why 1 and 1are supposed to be 2 everytime and not 1, 0 or 11? In the case, objectivity will lose its meaning and subjectivity becomes the only reality.
I hold an orange in my left hand and an orange in my right hand. The one orange plus the other orange equals two oranges. That will never change. Or I can hold an orange in my left hand and an apple in my right hand. One orange plus one apple equals two fruit. And that will never change. But if Joe believes in God A and Joan believes in God B...does that make two Gods? If there is a God, the God, then one of them doesn't really exist at all.
And, again, given what is at stake here when the Grim Reaper comes around, I damn sure want to know which God is the one true God. And if there be a God at all.
Now, scholars and philosophers and theologians may argue that this sort of thinking is "for the masses" but there is a reason for that, right? Because this is really what faith in God comes down to! Pertaining to the lives that we live. And what happens to us after we die.
zinnat13 wrote: That depends upon what this I/ME is in actual terms. If it is nothing but mere brainwashing and ever changeable too, there is no objectivity in this universe whatsoever. But, if something in this I/ME is constant/eternal, there will be an ultimate objectivity for sure.
Yes, and to me, "I" and "me" are the embodiment of dasein. In other words, the existential layers that we accummulate revolving first around our genetic/biological predispositions, then around our historical and cultural context, and then around the experiences, relationships and sources of information that any one particular individual encounters en route from the cradle to the grave.
Now, what I am curious to know is how you embody what you deem to be "constant/eternal" relating to your own I/ME -- insofar as it can be implicated/situated/integrated into your interactions with others when they come into conflict over value judgments.
And here I am more than willing to acknowledge that we may well be after different things. And also to note that what I am after is not necessarily more important than what you are after. So, sure, we can just agree to disagree and move on to others more inclined to approach God and religion as we do.
Or, instead, we can struggle to bridge the gaps between us. Either way, I believe that we both do respect each other's intelligence.
But, it is my humble request not to use too complex or vague language and terms as one can draw any meaning that he wants. Please keep it as straight and simple as possible. That will help both of us.
iambiguous wrote: This is basically my point though. We live in a world where [through televison, film, the internet etc] we are able to note just how different lives can be for others in different cultures, in different parts of the world, from different historical ages.
I do not see that there is much difference in how people cogitates things. They all do that the same way. The actual difference is in the benchmark or thought process/perception/a priori knowledge that they use to examine things. That is all.
iambiguous wrote: And here I always get "stuck": how is this relevant to the lives that we live? In particular when they come into conflict? We discover the laws of nature [and the role that mathematics plays] and we able historically to create the modern, industrial world. But the different perspectives we have on God and religion is irrelevant here. And that is because the laws of physics and mathematics always revolve around either/or. Or do until we enter the domain of QM. There is no question of merely having faith in this. Let alone of worshipping and adoring it. These laws and equations have nothing to do with Sin or Salvation or Immotality or Divine Justice. Unless, of course, they do. But then it is incumbent upon the believer to show us how they do.
imb, the first thing that you need to understand here is that is no isolation available here in this universe for anything, whether physical or metaphysical. Anything, if that exists, is somehow related to other things, more or less. Yes, there will be some difference in the degree to that one thing will affect and got affected by other things.
The same applies to the premise of God and the question of whether anything exists beyond our physical reach or not too. These two inquires are not irrelevant but actually the most important ones, far more important than we can assume.
The answers to these two questions decided/decide the course of the mankind. Science, technology, social premises etc are slaves to these answers as they entirely depend how these two questions are probed and what answers we are able derive from these. The all difference that you see between different societies in the world is only because they derived different answers to these questions. There are no other reasons whatsoever.
The cornerstone of mathematics is philosophical derivation from religious investigations. Both 1 and 0 represent male penis and female vagina respectively. These represent Shiva (1 and male) and Shaki ( 0 and female), and when they come together and make a union, creation happens. And, that does not happen once but it is an eternal process. That is why a penis has to go in and out manytimes from the vagina. In the same way, basic numbers from 1to 9 have go in and out from 0 to create mathematics.
So, let us not underestimate the importance of these questions. It is not merely an academic exercise that will be restricted to books only but it crafts our future too in all verticals.
iambiguous wrote: Again -- for all practical purposes -- I don't know what you mean here. You will have to give me examples of this pertaining to the lives we live. Lives that over and again come into conflict.
Yes, i can do that, in spite of my limitations of the English language. But, it is not because that i am a very intelligent person. The only and very simple reason is that my knowledge about these issues in not borrowed but earned. I have gone through the process of acquiring the knowledge in person, instead of having readymade lessons. Thus, the basics are clearer in my mind.
iambiguous wrote: But what this encompasses [for me] is that profound mystery still beyond the reach of science: the mystery that is mind. In other words, matter that is like no other. Ever. Mindful matter. Matter able to explore itself as matter...as mind. And here the question of autonomy itself is deconstructed. Could it possibly be that we both embody merely the illusion of choosing our words "freely" here? Yeah, sure, mind may well be the second biggest mystery of all. Behind only the mystery of existence itself. Why something and not nothing? Why this something and not another something?
imb, if you ever read Upnishads, this is the first thing that they asked; what is reality and how can we know that?
That is what that is the actual purpose of the religions, neither the God, nor the morality. God happened accidently and morality is the use of those small findings they came across during their journey.
It is certainly beyond the reach of the science, but not beyond the reach of mankind for sure. Though, science can easily find the evidence of something beyond physical reach, but unfortunately, it has not made enough attempts in this direction.
iambiguous wrote: But how does one then make the profound leap from mind to soul...and from soul to God... and from God to my God...and from my God to the only God?
Although, your line of questioning is right but not the finding the answers. That confuses you and you are not able to make a call on anything and have to keep every judgment pending. That is why you bring God in everything.
Let me ask you one very simple question. If i ask you what your height is exactly, how would you measure it?
Would you take a measuring tape and measure your height from it or will start questioning the authenticity of the tape itself?
That is precisely the issue with you. When i ask you anything, you start questioning your mind. You must remember here that every level of existence has its own reality. So, do not try to measure any existence of one reality from the benchmark of another reality. You will never able to find the answer, unless you become omniscient, and that is not possible for you or anyone else.
Do not bring the issue of in the head or god, when these are not under the scanner per se. Or, leave all other issue behind and first settle the issue of I/WE. Make up your mind.
I am asking a very simple question. Whether N's or Kant's metaphysical premises have any scientific evidence? Can any machine confirm their physical existence? If not, why intellectuals give any importance to these at all?
Now, science may not [yet] be able to fully explain our emotional and psychological reactions to these statistics, but it seems rather obscure [to me] to suggest anything other than the brute facticity of power in both creating and then sustaining this world.
That explanation is not scientific by any mean. You may not able to realize but you are arguing in the same way how theists do. You are holding WTP the motivating force while they say it is God. What is the difference? Neither you have any physical evidence nor they.
iambiguous wrote: And if there be an omniscient and omnipotent God, He certainly seems intent on letting it stay this way.
iambiguous wrote: This, of course, is the aspect of our discussion that piques my own interest. Different folks have faith in -- believe in -- different Gods. And part and parcel to this is the belief that in worshipping their own God, they will achieve immortality and salvation. But only in worshipping their God. And with immoratality and salvation itself at stake, what could be more crucial than believing in the "right God"? Why yours and not all the others? What substantive arguments can they provide us here.
I can answer this easily but for that i have to put forth my complete theory of existence, including the God. It is difficult for me to explain that now. We will take up this issue later.
iambiguous wrote: Ann Druyan suggests an experiment: Look back again at the pale blue dot of the preceding chapter. Take a good long look at it. Stare at the dot for any length of time and then try to convince yourself that God created the whole Universe for one of the 10 million or so species of life that inhabit that speck of dust. Now take it a step further: Imagine that everything was made just for a single shade of that species, or gender, or ethnic or religious subdivision. If this doesn’t strike you as unlikely, pick another dot. Imagine it to be inhabited by a different form of intelligent life. They, too, cherish the notion of a God who has created everything for their benefit. How seriously do you take their claim?
iambiguous wrote: Your God, on the other hand, seems [to me] a million miles away from this. Instead, His existence seems tethered only to the premises you are aiming to examine here. You say that you will make this premise more substantial by taking it "out of your head". But sometimes it seems that you are suggesting just the opposite: that no actual physical evidence need be relevant at all.
My reasoning is entirely different from them. As i said before, I will show you that something is existing there for sure which is beyond our physical reach. And, i will not use any highly philosophical arguments but very simple and common things and observations around us, which would certainly be out of the head.
iambiguous wrote: If a theist argues that his God does exist but He has nothing to do with attaining immortality, salvation, divine justice and an objective morality...I'd naturally be curious as to what purpose He does serve in our lives. But you yourself noted above that, "[m]y purpose is also the same; immorality and salvation."
You are again conflating two levels of reality. The concept of God serves different purposes to different levels of human reality/existence. One is for this world and that is morality and the second one is for other level of existence, where it leads to immorality and salvation.
The premise of the god is like crude oil. It gives different byproducts at different stages, from tar to Kerosene oil, Diesel, Petrol and lastly ATF (fuel used for aero planes).
iambiguous wrote: And I would venture to say that very, very, very, very few believers are interested in God only as an academic exercise aimed at discovering whether He does in fact merely exist.
iambiguous wrote: And I am still a long way from understanding how "something exist beyond physical means" is related to the existence of a God, the God, your God -- whatever the purpose of believing in Him might be.
I will try to establish that there is certainly something such in all the living creatures that controls and guides those, yet cannot be verified physically. If there can be anything such for sure, there is a possibility that the God may exist somewhere.
iambiguous wrote: Yes, we both seem to be on a very different trajectory here. These folks had their own narratives relating to particular Gods and particular religious denominations. But sooner or later they have to address the flock regarding behaviors that will be rewarded or punished. As in on that day of reckoning -- Judgment Day. Now, unless one is arguing that whatever any of them tell their followers to do [in order to be righteous before God], is the right thing to do, what is someone concerned with doing the right thing before God to do?
Really, if any of them [or their followers today] would not be forthright with me regarding the reality of "conflicting goods" out in the world of actual interacting men and women, how seriously could I take them?! If a belief in God is not intimately related to "how ought I to behave?" on the sojourn from birth to death, it would seem entirely sterile to me.
imb, you seem to be too much obsessed with the idea of theism/atheism. That is intruding your mind. You need to get out from this and try to see the things from other angles.
No matter whatever were the beliefs of Gandhi Or Mother Teresa about the God, they were not in conflict about social guidelines. Both did not talk much about God in their public life. Gandhi’s first priority was the elevation of the last man standing in the line and Teresa devoted her whole life to serve the ill people. Do we need the any religious doctrine to measure whether they did good or bad?
Say, there are two neighboring cities or almost same size and population, A and B. In the A, there are no good public facilities like roads, water, electricity etc. You cannot go in the night alone as you may be robbed. You cannot leave your house alone as there may be a theft. You have to be very watchful in the crowded places as someone may pick your pocket. You may not go out with the females of your families as goons may cause them trouble. You cannot live in your house peacefully as your neighbors are always ready to fight with you on one issue or other. You hesitate to send your children out as they may fall for bad company and so on.
On the other hand, B is relatively free from all these things. People are generally happy and use to live and interact peacefully with each other. Neighborhoods are good and so are the public places.
Would you choose B without any hesitation or start investigating what the people of both cities think about the God, before making your decision?
It is quite simple and straight. You need not to complicate it by provoking unnecessary philosophical viewpoints.
iambiguous wrote: I directed you [and others] to links that explore this. But the link from wiki approaches it from both sides: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historicity_of_Jesus
imb, as i said in the last post, it is useless to argue about the authenticity of such a person, who existed more than 2000 years ago. Anyone can say anything, either for or against. It cannot be settled ever.
But, you did not answer my question that, why the question mark is only behind Jesus, neither Moses nor Buddha?
iambiguous wrote: Here we will just have to agree to disagree that you either understand the point I am raising about the profoundly problematic nature of dasein [identity] or that you address it. In my view, we think about these things as we do based on the differing experiences, relationships and sources of information we have encountered. There is no objective truth here...only an exchange of subjective/subjunctive vantage points.
I am not disagreeing with you at all. I understand your perspective but there is something more besides that too, which you still do not know. You are still struggling with the definition of I/We. As you do have an exact answer to that, thus assuming that there cannot any exact answers to any other thing as well. But, that is not true.
There is certainly an ultimate objectivity of existence. That is precisely what religions postulate as omniscient. One who is aware of and also can correspond to all levels of the reality. When anyone reaches at stage, he becomes truly objective.
iambiguous wrote: This is simply too abstract for me to sink my teeth into. Either what you believe about God can be translated into the existental lives that we live [lives that come into conflict over value judgments -- judgements pertaining to or not pertaining to God] or it will always be [for me] something that you [now] believe "in your head" that I do not [now] believe "in my head" is true.
iambiguous wrote: Same here. With immortality, salvation, divine justice and objective morality literally at stake, you want me to agree that maybe there is a god if I can agree with you that "something exist beyond physical means". Again: what on earth does that mean pertaining TO "how ought I to live my life" in the here and now in order that I might be embraced by a God, the God, your God after I am dead and gone?
Whether it could be related to the God or not, is the verification of something exist beyond physical means does not mean anything to you? Is it a small thing?
You are jumping the gun here. You want to settle the issue without going through that because of your presumption.
iambiguous wrote: I am willing to explore further your "premise" but I have to honest and note that this seems to be a far cry from the reason most folks believe in God. This really does seem to be just an exercise in scholasticism. Or it does so far to me.
imb, why are you interested in what other think about this? Let us focus on what we think about this.
iambiguous wrote: I hold an orange in my left hand and an orange in my right hand. The one orange plus the other orange equals two oranges. That will never change. Or I can hold an orange in my left hand and an apple in my right hand. One orange plus one apple equals two fruit. And that will never change
No, that is very much changeable and depends how they interact with each other. Like, if you will them safe within your hands, they will remain 1+1=2. But, if you smash them hard with one another, the result would be different from 2.
iambiguous wrote: But if Joe believes in God A and Joan believes in God B...does that make two Gods? If there is a God, the God, then one of them doesn't really exist at all.
And, again, given what is at stake here when the Grim Reaper comes around, I damn sure want to know which God is the one true God. And if there be a God at all.And, again, given what is at stake here when the Grim Reaper comes around, I damn sure want to know which God is the one true God. And if there be a God at all.
As i said above, I will answer that later. I am not able to explain in bits and pieces but need to put a complete theory.
iambiguous wrote: Yes, and to me, "I" and "me" are the embodiment of dasein. In other words, the existential layers that we accummulate revolving first around our genetic/biological predispositions, then around our historical and cultural context, and then around the experiences, relationships and sources of information that any one particular individual encounters en route from the cradle to the grave.
So, does that mean that we are nothing but our layers of brainwashing, or there is something else besides it?
iambiguous wrote: Now, what I am curious to know is how you embody what you deem to be "constant/eternal" relating to your own I/ME -- insofar as it can be implicated/situated/integrated into your interactions with others when they come into conflict over value judgments.
iambiguous wrote: And here I am more than willing to acknowledge that we may well be after different things. And also to note that what I am after is not necessarily more important than what you are after. So, sure, we can just agree to disagree and move on to others more inclined to approach God and religion as we do.
I do mind struggling or sweating in discussion as far as the opponent remains honest with the discussion, no matter what his opinion may be or he agrees with me or not.
As far as the respect is concerned, i respect everyone. Intelligence is not my benchmark for respect anyone.
Yes, words like "God" and "religion" in my view. On the other hand, my understanding of "dasein" and "conflicting goods" is such that in using them in discussions relating to God and religion [or value judgments and identity] there is only so much precision available to us. In fact, that is basically my point here. In other words, I just don't want whatever precision that is said to exist to revolve basically around definitions and deductions. Words that are said to be true only because other words insist that they are.
iambiguous wrote: ...I always aim the philosophical beam at those things we all seem to share in common -- objective truths that in fact transcend dasein. One being that God is everywhere. Hundreds and hundreds of denominations. And we can explore the reasons for this. But how much closer does that get us to the actual existing God? If He exists at all.
zinnat13 wrote: I do not see that there is much difference in how people cogitates things. They all do that the same way. The actual difference is in the benchmark or thought process/perception/a priori knowledge that they use to examine things. That is all.
There is [in my view] a considerable distinction to be made between cogitating about abortion as a medical procedure and cogitating about abortion as a moral issue.
Same with cogitating about the existence of the Christian Bible and cogitating about the extent to which the Christian Bible reflects the word of the one true God.
And the extent to which you don't grasp the manner in which I make this distinction is [perhaps] the extent to which I will not grasp yours. We can only try to grapple with this as best we can.
zinnat13 wrote: imb, the first thing that you need to understand here is that is no isolation available here in this universe for anything, whether physical or metaphysical. Anything, if that exists, is somehow related to other things, more or less. Yes, there will be some difference in the degree to that one thing will affect and got affected by other things.
Yes, but to me there is a considerable distinction to be made between noting this [which, let's face it, is merely to point out that we exist in the universe] and in suggesting that all of this is related existentially [and then essentially] to a God, the God, your God. Again, if for no other reason that God is invarably linked to immortality, salvation, divine justice and an objective moral font. And that brings into focus not only the question of what we are but of how we ought to behave in order to align ourselves with the will of a God, the God, your God.
zinnat13 wrote: The cornerstone of mathematics is philosophical derivation from religious investigations. Both 1 and 0 represent male penis and female vagina respectively. These represent Shiva (1 and male) and Shaki ( 0 and female), and when they come together and make a union, creation happens. And, that does not happen once but it is an eternal process. That is why a penis has to go in and out manytimes from the vagina. In the same way, basic numbers from 1to 9 have go in and out from 0 to create mathematics.
Sure, and religious investigations are derived from the fact that our brain evolved such that it is able to apprehend and to construct particular continuities out of what it is able perceive and sense regarding the relationship between "in my head" and "out in the world". And, yes, that eventually leads the brain [the conscious mind] to go all the way back to pondering what brought about existence in the first place. And one of the possibilities here is a God, the God, my God.
In other words, what we can know objectively about human sexuality biologically is one thing, and what we can know about the morality of human sexuality, another thing altogether. Or so it seems to me. The biology largely transcends dasein and conflicting goods. But not the morality. Unless, of course, one is able to establish the actual existence OF a transcending moral font. One able to truly settle the conflicts once and for all.
iambiguous wrote: ...what this encompasses [for me] is that profound mystery still beyond the reach of science: the mystery that is mind. In other words, matter that is like no other. Ever. Mindful matter. Matter able to explore itself as matter...as mind. And here the question of autonomy itself is deconstructed. Could it possibly be that we both embody merely the illusion of choosing our words "freely" here? Yeah, sure, mind may well be the second biggest mystery of all. Behind only the mystery of existence itself. Why something and not nothing? Why this something and not another something?
zinnat13 wrote: imb, if you ever read Upnishads, this is the first thing that they asked; what is reality and how can we know that?
You say this. But, still, all I can do is to assume that you believe this to be true. But how does it then earn the right to convince others? To me, it is an entirely abstract set of assumptions that you have "deduced' into existence based on all of the other assumptions you have made above. And what I am looking for instead is a way to connect the dots between these theoretical/conceptual assumptions and the nuts and the bolts of the lives that we live when they come into conflict with others; and the extent to which they can be made relevant to our fate after we die.
In other words, the actual reasons that the overwhelming preponderance of religious folks do predicate their own faith on.
zinnat13 wrote: Although, your line of questioning is right but not the finding the answers. That confuses you and you are not able to make a call on anything and have to keep every judgment pending. That is why you bring God in everything.
Yes, and somehow "in your head" this reflects an adequate explanation for the points I raise. And, therefore, you can assume that all the "confusion" here stems from my inability to grasp what, instead, I construe to be basically an intellectual/theoretical/conceptual contraption that in my view exist by and large only in your head.
As though when folks in any particular human community struggle to legislate behaviors relating to conflicting sexual behaviors [like homosexuality from the other thread] your speculations here will actually be of crucial importance. How? And I am still a long, long way from grasping how, further, you connect this to a God, the God, your God. All I know with any real certainty is that, somehow, you have in fact been able to accumplish this "in your head".
zinnat13 wrote: That explanation is not scientific by any mean. You may not able to realize but you are arguing in the same way how theists do. You are holding WTP the motivating force while they say it is God. What is the difference? Neither you have any physical evidence nor they.
No, I am providing you with a statistical snapshot of the world we live in. I am then noting the obvious: that men and women who possess considerable political and economic power have had an enormous input in the creation of this world. And in sustaining it to reflect their own material interests. I am not saying that this power is a manifestation of WTP. WTP is merely one philosopher's contention regarding how one might look at a world [sans God] in terms of one particular subjective/subjunctive narrative.
Instead, this revolves around the organic, historical evolution of the capitalist political economy. And then [for some] the extent to which they are able to rationalize it in terms of their own particular rendition of God. After all, most of the folks who own and operate the world economy today are Christians. Or call themselves that.
iambiguous wrote: This, of course, is the aspect of our discussion that piques my own interest. Different folks have faith in -- believe in -- different Gods. And part and parcel to this is the belief that in worshipping their own God, they will achieve immortality and salvation. But only in worshipping their God. And with immortality and salvation itself at stake, what could be more crucial than believing in the "right God"? Why yours and not all the others? What substantive arguments can they provide us here.
zinnat13 wrote: I can answer this easily but for that i have to put forth my complete theory of existence, including the God. It is difficult for me to explain that now. We will take up this issue later.
Okay. And I am most curious to see how you accomplish this. On the other hand, to the extent to which you claim this can be done "easily" is the extent to which it reminds me of others here who insist it might be done "simply". And that to me is but another indication that they will accomplish this largely "in their head". But that, of course, is the one place I can never go. You know, for confirmation.
zinnat13 wrote: My reasoning is entirely different from [James and Phyllo and Wizard]. As i said before, I will show you that something is existing there for sure which is beyond our physical reach. And, i will not use any highly philosophical arguments but very simple and common things and observations around us, which would certainly be out of the head.
I am not at all impressed with their thinking because, in my view, they ask us to believe that the definitions and the deductions that they provide for us in their "analysis" is what makes their argument true.
And that seems to revolve not only around their God but around human behaviors that come into conflict [morally and politically] over conflicting goods; and then the manner in which we acquire an identity.
zinnat13 wrote: You are again conflating two levels of reality. The concept of God serves different purposes to different levels of human reality/existence. One is for this world and that is morality and the second one is for other level of existence, where it leads to immorality and salvation.
And here all I can do is to wait patiently for you to actually connect what I construe to be abstract arguments like this to the lives that we live; and then to what becomes our fate after we stop living [down here]. Either you are able to conflate these two levels of "reality" such that I am able to grasp the existential implications of God and religion [your God and your religion] or you are not. In other words, I keep waiting for what I construe to be more tangible arguments. There are just too many crucial reasons in which, for me, God is not like crude oil at all.
zinnat13 wrote: I will try to establish that there is certainly something such in all the living creatures that controls and guides those, yet cannot be verified physically. If there can be anything such for sure, there is a possibility that the God may exist somewhere.
So it seems [to me] that you are hinting at the existence of something analogous to a "soul" -- something "spiritual" that "controls and guides" some. And that IF such a thing does exist then there is the POSSIBILITY that God might exist too.
And yet [in all honestly] what most intrigues me is the manner in which you are then able to take a "leap" [as did Kierkegaard?] to the God -- to the God that includes Jesus Christ in His narrative. To Christianity. And then from that to the analysis of behaviors such as homosexuality. In other words, which makes me all the more curious the extent to which you are able to say with any certainty [ie deontologically] what our moral obligations must be if we wish to be "saved" by this God of Jesus once we die.
zinnat13 wrote: imb, you seem to be too much obsessed with the idea of theism/atheism. That is intruding your mind. You need to get out from this and try to see the things from other angles.
So, in regard to the relationship between "I" and God and religion, it is the extent to which any particular ideas that any particular individuals have are able to be encompassed such that they can be shown to be true for all of us. In other words, such that it is not just something they hold to be true "in their mind" -- but something that in fact is true objectively.
zinnat13 wrote: No matter whatever were the beliefs of Gandhi Or Mother Teresa about the God, they were not in conflict about social guidelines. Both did not talk much about God in their public life. Gandhi’s first priority was the elevation of the last man standing in the line and Teresa devoted her whole life to serve the ill people. Do we need the any religious doctrine to measure whether they did good or bad?
But show me a community of human beings where the "social guidelines" regarding right and wrong behavior is not linked [often intimately linked in some communities] to their belief in God and religion.
You can have a community where the behavior we call homosexuality is entirely tolerated and permitted...or one in which to engage in it means a certain punishment. Even death. Now, one can either link their own narrative here to the existential reality of this "out in the world" that we live in today or they can't.
And what we need -- or surely what most clearly want -- is a frame of mind in which to know with certainty how a virtuous soul is to behave in order to pass muster on Judgment Day. And that is as close to being factual about God and religion "out in the world" as we are ever likely to establish here. If, in the end, it is not intimately aligned with either "sin" or "not a sin" then what is it really but an academic exercise revolving instead around definitions and deductions. Around what our "ideas" are said to "mean".
zinnat13 wrote: Say, there are two neighboring cities or almost same size and population, A and B. In the A, there are no good public facilities like roads, water, electricity etc. You cannot go in the night alone as you may be robbed. You cannot leave your house alone as there may be a theft. You have to be very watchful in the crowded places as someone may pick your pocket. You may not go out with the females of your families as goons may cause them trouble. You cannot live in your house peacefully as your neighbors are always ready to fight with you on one issue or other. You hesitate to send your children out as they may fall for bad company and so on.
And this might well speak volumes regarding the gap between us. Or at least the gap as it exist now.
After all, there are folks who insist that only by embracing their God and their religion and their moral values can this be realized. Or that only capitalism can bring about this better world. Or that only socialism will bring it about. And then there are any number of "liberals" and "conservatives" who will insist [in turn] that their own political agenda is the only sure fire way of ever bringing about a better world.
And what of issues like abortion or gun control or hunting or animal rights or gender roles or homosexuality --- what makes a world "better" with respect to these behaviors? And hundreds more like them? And how is one's answer to this then linked to the question of a God, the God, my God?
zinnat13 wrote: ....you did not answer my question that, why the question mark is only behind Jesus, neither Moses nor Buddha?
I did answer it. I directed you to the links of folks who are very much interested to delving into this historically. Me, I am interested more in the extent to which those who claim to establish the existence of "Jesus the man" are then able to link him in turn to the actual existence of the Christian God.
Or the extent to which the moral and political agenda embodied by the historical Christ can be shown [philosophically] to reflect a deontological ethics.
zinnat13 wrote: I am not disagreeing with you at all. I understand your perspective but there is something more besides that too, which you still do not know. You are still struggling with the definition of I/We. As you do have an exact answer to that, thus assuming that there cannot any exact answers to any other thing as well. But, that is not true.
My aim is less to define human identity than to situate it [my own] out in the world existentially as dasein. After all, only actual flesh and blood men or women use the word "I". And, in some respects, to reflect on things that are true objectively, and, in other respects, to offer up subjective opinions regarding the relationship between things. In particular when, in interacting socially, politically and economically, these relationships come into conflict.
iambiguous wrote: With immortality, salvation, divine justice and objective morality literally at stake, you want me to agree that maybe there is a god if I can agree with you that "something exist beyond physical means". Again: what on earth does that mean pertaining TO "how ought I to live my life" in the here and now in order that I might be embraced by a God, the God, your God after I am dead and gone?
zinnat13 wrote: Whether it could be related to the God or not, is the verification of something exist beyond physical means does not mean anything to you? Is it a small thing?
Let's just say that, as of now, at this juncture in our exchange, it will become considerably more meaningful to me given the extent to which you are able to link it to a God, the God, your God.
Otherwise you are just leading me to a premise -- a premise about the relationship bewteen the life that I do live and the mere possibility that it is linked to something that "exist beyond physical means".
In the interim, as I noted above, I am running out of time. If there be a God, the God, how can I reach Him in time before immortality and salvation really do become [along with everything else pertaining to "I"] nothing at all. You know, for eternity.
In short, I am considerably less concerned with what others "think" here and more with what they are able to demonstrate to me -- substantively, substantially -- regarding the actual existence of their God and their religion.
zinnat13 wrote: So, does that mean that we are nothing but our layers of brainwashing, or there is something else besides it?
Obviously, there are manny, many aspects of the lives we live [of "I"] that have little or nothing to do with brainwashing. And that is because they pertain to those things [and to the relationships between things] that are in fact true objectively. It is only when we contemplate the relationship between "I" and conflicting goods or conflicting Gods or conflicting ontological and teleological speculations, that "I believe" becomes considerably more problematic. And thus considerably more reflective of subjective/subjunctive points of view and personal opinions.
For example, when I speak of living in Baltimore, of being male, of being 5' 10" tall, of having a daughter, of wearing glasses, of typing these words etc., that is not because I was indoctrinated to believe it.
What you need to understand is that in Iambig's philosophy, there is no 'good' or 'better'. There is simply no way to evaluate these concepts.
If a decision/action is made and you look at the consequences, then there will be a person A who, because of his experiences, will evaluate it as good and a person B who, because of his experiences, will evaluate it as bad. Nothing can be said that can negate either of these opinions.
That's why he keeps referring to God. God, if he exists, could come down and break the tie - make the correct judgement.
No, in my view, there is no essential or objective or universal "good" or "better" -- at least not with respect to conflicting value judgments that revolve around conflicting goods. Judgments that are understood existentially from the perspective of a mere mortal living out in a particular world and viewing it from a particular point of view. And in a world that revolves around [and evolves from] contingency and chance and change.
And yet even here I am willing to acknowledge that, sure, theoretically, there may well be such a truth -- but that no one has yet been able to demonstrate it to me. Just as, in this respect, there may well be an existing God that no one has managed to convince me of.
phyllo wrote: If a decision/action is made and you look at the consequences, then there will be a person A who, because of his experiences, will evaluate it as good and a person B who, because of his experiences, will evaluate it as bad. Nothing can be said that can negate either of these opinions.
Yes, this seems to be a reasonable manner in which to frame my point of view. Thus if John is raised in a Christian community to believe in the Christian God and Muhammad is raised in a Moslem community to believe in the Islamic God and Javier is raised in a Cuban or Chinese or North Korean community to believe in No God, they may very well come to believe that the others are wrong in what they believe.
Okay, so how would the philosopher go about establishing which point of view here reflects the objective truth? Not even counting all of the hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of additional ways in which a particular individual [as dasein] might come to think about God and religion.
And, in particular, with respect to immortality and salvation and divine justice -- the attaining of which seems to be predicated not only on believing in a God, but on the God.
Which is then, in turn, intimately intertwined in the conviction by almost all religionists that one must behave in a way not deemed "sinful" by the God.
phyllo wrote: That's why he keeps referring to God. God, if he exists, could come down and break the tie - make the correct judgement. But sans God ...
No, my aim here with Zinnat is to discover the extent to which he can nudge me in the direction of a premise that might lead me down the path to considering the existence of a God, the God, his God.
But more to the point I am interested in the extent to which any religionist is able to convince me that his or her own God is the one true path to immortality, salvation, divine justice and an objective moral font.
Which does not make you wrong, of course. But the whole point of our exchanges here must necessarily revolve around the extent to which we are able to convince others that our own narratives are or are not reasonable.
For example, to the best of my knowledge you believe in the Christian God. You also believe that abortion is objectively moral. Well, there are any number of Christians that I have come across over the years who insist that abortion is objectively immoral. And they will use their Christian faith as their own moral font. The same with, say, homosexuality.
So, just out of curiosity, let me ask you: Given the manner in which you construe the relationship between God and these behaviors, what will be the fate of those who practice them come their own day of judgment?
I have not convinced you? No surprising since I have not tried to convince you. I have written very little about these things.
I avoided God entirely when we had our chat in Rant. Although you might say that 'reason' was my God in that discussion.
Therefore, the truth must be available to anyone in any place and at any time. It must be possible to know the truth purely from interactions with the universe. The truth cannot be contained in any particular book.
Our behavior cannot be guided by some inaccessible knowledge. The afterlife is beyond knowing. Therefore, morality cannot be based on attaining some reward or punishment in an afterlife.
Immortality - Unknown. Continuity and permanence is a common feeling. My instinct says that there is immortality. But that could be an illusion. Not particularly important to be right about this.
Salvation - You are 'saved' by correct actions in this life. Heaven and hell are created on Earth, both for the individual and others.
Divine Justice - Unclear what this would be. We understand human justice, so divine justice (if there is such a thing) would be similar but applied better and more consistently. Unimportant to living.
In the context of what I just wrote, it should be obvious that I don't know what the fate of these people would be, or even if there is a judgement.
A person is not homosexuality. A person is not an abortion. If there is a judgement, then the entire person and all he has done would be judged. The interaction with others would be judged.
As for the morality of these actions in the here and now, the actions need to be evaluated to determine if they are beneficial to the individual and the community. Again, the interaction with others is judged. Is it constructive, destructive or neutral?
Just out of curiosity, would you say that James is? Over and again I would try to get him to flesh out the relationship between logic, RM, the Real God and objectivity. But I could never get beyond what he thinks that is "in his head".
It's the whole point of my being in ILP: to connect the dots between what others construe to be God/Reason and the manner in which any particular "I" reacts to behaviors that come into conflict over value judgments. In other words, is there a way to think about this that is not as bleak as the manner in which I construe these relationships to be in terms of the dilemma that is dasein.
Again, I don't doubt that you believe this. But how could anyone ever possibly know this for sure? Which is just to point out that, aside from the premises out of which you constructed this conclusion, how could you [or, again, anyone] go about actually demonstrating that this is in fact true?
phyllo wrote: Our behavior cannot be guided by some inaccessible knowledge. The afterlife is beyond knowing. Therefore, morality cannot be based on attaining some reward or punishment in an afterlife.
Then it would seem that you are among the very, very few "believers" I have come upon over the years who think like this with respect to religion and God.
To wit: Most folks don't want to die. They want to believe that "I" [as a "soul"] is immortal. And they want to believe that after they have shuffled off this mortal coil, there is something analogous to Paradise and Salvation awaiting them. And there, at last, they will be with God and all their loved ones. And for all of eternity. They will have access to the justice they felt they were deprived of "down here".
Before any of that can happen they know they will be judged. And these judgments will of course revolve around their behaviors as mere mortals. But one cannot be properly [or fairly] judged unless they are first given access to a Scripture that delineates what either is or is not a Sin before God.
And, in that respect, having or performing an abortion or engaging in homosexual acts are certainly near the top of most lists as behaviors to avoid. Or, rather, this would seem to be the case given my own interactions with folks who believe in God.
So, you don't believe in any of that? Instead, you believe that abortion and homosexuality and all other behaviors derived from conflicting value judgments can be judged using logic and reason alone?
And thus if someone engages in a behavior that others deem to be irrational [immoral] the extent of their reaction would be to pass laws making these behaviors illegal...and then punishing those who break the law? And that this will "for all practical purposes" revolve around any particular political concensus a given community of men and women is able to muster?
Because that's what I believe. I merely stress the need for moderation, negotiation and compromise in a world [governed by the rule of law] where objective truths here do not exist.
phyllo wrote: As for the morality of these actions in the here and now, the actions need to be evaluated to determine if they are beneficial to the individual and the community. Again, the interaction with others is judged. Is it constructive, destructive or neutral?
Here though I come back to the manner in which I implicate dasein, conflicting goods and political economy in the social, political and economic interactions of mere mortals.
And in that context I do not see how one can derive an argument that is said to reflect -- logically -- the "objective truth".
God is the life raft for many who flail about in a perilous sea. Why snatch this raft from those who need it? My wife and I used to spend hours criticizing religion until we discovered that criticism can be just another ego game--we weren't helping. For me the concept of God is that of source and sustainer. God is there for those who need a God.
I don't think any true believer in the Christian god has come forward yet....if it is so good why doesn't someone on ILP tell us exactly how good it is...
On the other hand, to tell us is only to apprise us of what one believes is true. But, again and again, how wide is the gap then between telling us and showing us?
And even this must assume that all of the many, many, many Christian denominations [narratives] can somehow be chiseled down into the one true Christian agenda.
A god ≡ who/whatever incontestably determines what can or cannot be concerning a particular situation.
God ≡ is the ever-present, ongoing cause of the universe, the reason that the universe persists (whatever that reason might be).
But don't expect any of this to have any substantial use value or exchange value "out in the world" that we live in.
Still, that rarely stops folks who construct daunting deductions of this sort from insisting that their own moral and political agenda might just as well have been carved into stone by these Gods that they define into existence.
For me God is the source and sustainer of the universe. I realize atheists would say that the universe needs neither. Stalemate.
For me God will, at any final end, reclaim all creations, which includes us. I realize atheists believe that when we die our elements go back into nature.
You can't argue with this right? After all, it only requires of one to either believe or not to believe that it is true.
Which means that God can be [or defined to be] practically anything; and then come to mean practically anything in our lives.
And that is fine until the manner in which we link what we think God is to the manner in which we interact with others.
And here what we think and believe about God can come into conflict with what others think and believe about Him.
Lots of people do that, don't they? In fact lots of people die never having given their belief in God much thought at all.
But my own reaction to them is not all that far removed from my reaction to those who don't [or won't] give it much thought at all.
I ask them to examine the extent to which their belief in God is rooted in dasein -- in the uniquely individual lives that they have lived existentially. I ask them to note the distinction between what they believe subjectively about God "in their head" and what they are able to demonstrate to others as being true objectively "out in the world". I ask them to explain the relationship between what they believe is true about God and the manner in which they then translate that into behaviors they construe to be moral or immoral.
And then I ask them to examine these behaviors when they come into conflict with the behaviors of those who have a different set of beliefs "in their heads" about a different God.
So, sure, if you know of anyone who is equally fascinated by these relationships -- in the manner in which they fascinate me above -- invite them to participate in this exchange.
By contrast, however, let me give you a classic example of a belief in God that [in my view] refuses to touch on any of the points I raised above:
And so any attempt, by a human, to create, recreate, procreate, etc. are all vainly attempted acts to imitate god. And everybody can see immediately how difficult it would be to Define God when god is prescribed as divinely inspired, creative agency. Because to define is also a creative act. For example, many poets creatively attempt to define love. And that is very creative. It requires a powerful imagination and sophistication.
I could not have a social life. In gradeschool dancing was taught in gymn class. I had to tell this cute little red-haired girl that my religion would not allow me to dance with her. I sat on the bleachers while all other children were learning how to dance. This, more or less, describes my upbringing. I was sixteen before I saw a movie with my parent's permission. It was "Old Yeller". It was in college, when I began to read Eastern religions and attend dances that I came to realize how fucked up I was because of religion. In college I met friends whom my religion would have damned to hell and loved them!
Here are folks who claim that certain behaviors are Sins before God. That you risk etrernal damnation if you engage in them.
Many are taught to believe this as children. And some will literally go to the grave believing it is true.
But others will have a set of experiences that yank them away from this. Instead, they will come to believe that these behaviors are not Sins before God. They will engage in these behaviors convinced that they do not risk eternal damnation at all.
And yet the bottom line remains: Their God either exists or does not exist. And, if He does, these behaviors either are or are not Sins. And, if you engage in them, you either do or do not risk eternal damnation.
Isn't that the dilemma we all face? Is there a God? Are there behaviors deemed to be Sins by this God?
This in fact is what I always come back to. There is so much at stake here but we really have nothing more than a "leap of faith", a "wager" to make on that profoundly problematic sojourn to the abyss.
In other words, religionists who embrace a more "ecumenical" approach to God, might distance themselves from the "fundamentalist" denominations. But the arguments of the fundamentalists don't go away. If there be a God, there will be a Judgment Day. And would not this Judgment revolve around all of our behaviors? Thus the fundamentalist arguments might be seen as a more reasonable manner in which to embody a belief in God. At least in so far as this belief is related directly to the lives that we live and the behaviors that we choose.
Bot: A member from India completed an offer "Your-Surveys Unlimited Survey Router - Global" worth $0.70!
A question came up in the Maya-Python mailing list that I thought was a really good topic, and should be reposted.
Someone asked how you can create maya UI objects and embed them within your main PyQt application. Specifically he wanted to create a modelPanel and embed it so that he would have a camera view within his own PyQt window.
Update: Instructions for Maya 2017+, using PySide2 and Qt5, are available via this blog post by Lidia Martínez
You need sip and the MQtUtil functions to convert between maya node paths and python Qbjects. Its the same idea as having to use those functions to get a reference to the maya MainWindow, in order to parent your dialog.
Actually, many might even consider me arrogant, full of myself, or if they are trying to be nice - confident.
The thing of it is.... I'm not arrogant. No, I'm not really totally fragile, either, mind you, but I don't actually have the self confidence that I apparently exude. I can be broken and it isn't nearly as hard as I make it seem on the outside.
So, that being the case...Twitter and Blogger don't help! No...I know that's funny, but seriously...think about it....it's like freaking high school all over again!!! You have the 'popular' bloggers and the Tweeters that all 'hang out' (online, of course, seeing as they live all over the world) and the ones that go to the big conferences like the recent BlogHer event and the ones that have companies knocking down their headers just to get these people to mention them in a Tweet or a blog post. And yet....I am none of the above. CRAP! It's happening all over again! LOL! High School! And to think - I thought by the time I hit thirty it would all be behind me! HA!
So this is the thing....the other day I was chatting with someone that I work with very briefly on Twitter. If you are a Twitter user, you know that every conversation is totally public, but that's part of the fun...anyone can jump in! So, over the course of grand total of about six tweets back and forth I managed to INSTANTLY lose 2 followers. Okay...no biggie...obviously they can't handle the fact that someone might have a different opinion than they do and so they decided they don't like me simply because of that despite the fact that they liked me fine prior to that....hmmmm...that makes sense. LOL!
Now yes, this could have been sheer coincidence, but let's be honest, here...it's not likely in this particular case. Just trust me on this one.
Then there is the blog. I have that cute little followers widget over there on the right side of my blog because I absolutely LOVE to see the faces of those who read my blog! I get so excited with each and every comment and I just really enjoy the community that evolves around blogging. It's crazy wicked fun! The thing is...the other day....(just before the Twitter incident) I lost a small bunch of followers!
Seriously! And these people, I know I didn't likely offend, seeing as I tend to avoid the offensive on my blog, just 'cause I like you guys and stuff. So they just left because they find me boring? Obnoxious? Unlikeable?
OR...the reality of it is that Blogger tends to drop followers from time to time, as those of you with Blogger Blogs already know so well, and some people only follow for giveaway purposes and then unfollow after that because they just don't have time or aren't really interested in your subject matter.
All of the above are reasonable. So why the BLOODY HECK did it bug me so much to see that number go down? Maybe I am fragile.
I am sure I have mentioned Weight Watchers before, no? Well, anyway, last summer I joined and I hit my goal weight after several months and I was THRILLED! I mean, I felt better, I looked great, and I felt SO GOOD about myself! So, I am a lifetime member of Weight Watchers and now I go in once a month to weigh in and prove that I am maintaining and it is all free as long as I stay within two pounds of my goal weight.
Yes. I was over my goal by less than 3 lbs. And that managed to get to me THAT much! Seriously? WHAT THE HECK IS WRONG WITH ME? As my husband kindly pointed out, one could easily lose that much simply by pooping. (LMAO! Sorry if that was too much info, but I really couldn't leave it out! LOL!)
But here is the thing....I'm fine about all of the above now. No, not because I've justified any of it, but rather because I realized that it REALLY DOESN'T MATTER!
Am I less of a person if I don't have a GAGILLION blog followers? Ummm.... let me think about that one, too......
Is it okay if my weight fluctuates just a bit here and there as long as I stay healthy and take care of my body?
And I'm not alone...I know others have been saddened by the loss of a Twitter follower, blogger follower, or some other little insignificant thing, so this is why I am writing this post today.
You are you! Not who any social media number or classification determines you to be! Not even who the number on the scale tries to tell you who you are....nope....you are just you.
There are far more important things in life to worry about. So I beg of you ... DON'T let those types of things even touch your self esteem. Be happy.
Oh...and I happened to see the number of people subscribed to my blog has gone up drastically, so even if you aren't public followers, I know you are out there, and for THAT I am thankful! LOL!
Today's post is a quick one. I have a long one brewing about the whole blog following/twitter following/self esteem thing, but it's not quite ready yet. And....I am tossing around the idea of doing a vlog post. You know...a video...with me...and my thoughts...out loud. Are you interested in that kind of thing? Let me know!
Anyway...here is a card that I made for a wonderful friend's birthday last weekend! I recently got some Bam Pop! stamps and they make me SOOOO happy! Can I even TELL you how cute these stamps are? Nope. I can't. That's why I had to use one to show you just how stinking amazingly adorable they are! I am so totally in love with them. Robots. Flying. In the sky. With parachutes. Seriously. How could that NOT invoke a smile? LOVE IT!
I used bright and cheery colors and pieced together a 'scene' of sorts to create this card. I just LOVE these tree stamps, too! Now I want some cool line image tree stamps to mix with them! These ones are from The Paper Company and were sent to me by none other than the fabulous Jewelz! Thanks, babe! I love 'em!
So, basically, this card was way fun to make and a wee-little bit hard to give away! HA! Have you ever done that? Made something for someone and then decided to keep it 'cause you just loved too much!? LOL! I did give it to her, though. I hope she liked it! LOL!
Well, I need to get my thumb to stop bleeding, so I will chat with you fine folks later. Have a great day!!!!!
I am SO excited about this photograph! It took LOTS of shots, since we did it ourselves with the timer on the camera, but it was a BLAST to do and now it is so much more than just a perfect photograph, but now it is a memory, too! I just love that!
Which is why when I received the offer from Large Format Posters to receive free Custom Poster Printing it took me exactly NO time at all to know which photo I would choose! The best part is...Large Format Posters is offering one of my readers FREE Poster Printing, too!
So, do you have a photo that renders you speechless every time you see it? Maybe it is your Wordless Wednesday or Wordful Wednesday post for today! Enter to win to have that great photo made into a custom Poster! And don't forget to check out the great photos posted for Wordless Wednesday and Wordful Wednesday!
Leave a comment telling me about the photo that you have that you would want turned into a poster. (required)
Giveaway is open to US/CAN residents. Ground shipping of prizes is free, but there is a $5 handling fee that must be paid by winner. Large Format Posters reserves the right not to print obscene or offensive materials.
All designs submitted in the form of a giveaway may be used by Large Format Posters for online marketing and promotional uses. The designs will be used solely as examples and will not be printed or commercially distributed.
DID YOU KNOW that there is this simply wonderful little shop on Newbury Street that sells nothing but gnome and fairy stuff? Yeah. It's pretty amazing.
The Hubbums even offered to buy me a gnome when we were there. I didn't choose to get one this time around, but I am quite sure that eventually a wonderful little friend from that shop will grace my studio. It's just meant to be.
I have been sitting on this wonderful suitcase paper for awhile now and I decided that it was time to use it because I totally love it! I used both the front and back of the paper (the back was that blue dotted paper I used for the background) which I totally love to do because it makes me sad to see a side of double-sided patterned paper never used! LOL!
I used a fabulous satin-ey kind of ribbon and I just love the way it looks on the card. I'm really loving wider ribbons on cards lately, but I don't have many, so I need to work on that stash. I think I could incorporate them into my layouts, too, actually.
And, of course, the start of the show...the NikoArt gnome stamped image colored with Prismacolor pencils. I stamped him on textured paper, which I usually don't do, but I was feeling 'dangerous' when I made this one! HA! Incidentally, colored pencils + small surface area + textured paper = tricky to color. I definitely had to pull out the Mineral Spirits to blend this one and get the best color coverage. BUT...he looks great, doesn't he? Yes. He does. I promise.
And just in case you aren't familiar with the Traveling Gnome. He is pretty much my hero. Just say'n. Enjoy.
Well, if you have read this blog, like, oh....I don't know.... EVER...then you know just how much I LOVE color! Color simply makes me happy! That is one of the many reasons why I absolutely ADORE Farmer's Markets! I mean, of course I love the fresh, local, and often organically grown fabulousness that is the fruit and vegetable wares, but they are also such an amazing wealth of brilliant color! I just can't help but to snap a few photos! These were taken in downtown Boston. The vendors were hilarious about me taking photos! One even INSISTED that I get him in the shot! LOL! I love it! Whoever tries to tell you that big cities are not friendly places has obviously never spent any time in one! Boston is a wonderfully friendly city...you just have to know how it works.
I just wanted to let you all know about an amazing giveaway for scrapbookers! Melissa over at Creating From the Heart is giving away a great collection of goodies including a MM Slice! Check it out on her blog!
So, since my desk was the complete disaster that I showed you on Wednesday, I decided it would be fun toss myself a fun little challenge! So, I decided that I would create a card from start to finish using only stuff that was on my desk (and, the overflow piles around it, of course! LOL!). It took me no more than ten minutes to make this fabulous little card and I love it! It was fast and easy and everything was at my fingertips! LOL! too bad ir's all in piles and not organized at my fingertips! HA! Here is the result of my challenge:
Now...for all of you out there with a messy desk...I am forwarding this challenge on to YOU! Create a card using ONLY the items that you have on your desk. Post a photo of your messy desk and your finished card on your blog with a link to this contest. Then come back here and comment to let me know you have entered! I have a pack of tags from Elle's Studio for the randomly drawn winner! You have one week! Post your messy desk photo and your card by Saturday, July 31st for a chance to win! If I get lots of entries, I will add more to the prize, so spread the word!!!!
Also, I am hosting the same challenge over at AMR, so if you enter there, you can enter here, too, for two chances to win! The prizes are separate - one prize for my blog winner and one for the AMR winner!
I think that is the question that the writers of this musical were trying to answer! Oh, my goodness! I went to the Trinity Rep last night with my Mom and my sister to see Menopause The Musical. We laughed and laughed and then...when we caught our breath...we laughed some more. Four women, all with completely different backgrounds and totally different current lives, come together in one place where you can always find an abundance of middle aged women - Bloomingdales. They become quick friends as they instantly find that the common bond between them is that they are all CRAZY! Okay... so that might be from the perspective of someone who has yet to go through this stage of life of which these women speak.... LOL! But, in all seriousness, the musical was fantastic. The cast was wonderful and each actress filled her role so amazingly well. The songs, all re-written favorites from the 60's or so, are wonderful and hilarious all at the same time! Nothing but fun! Fredena Williams was amazing in the role of the Professional Woman. Her voice alone captures you, but her sassy tone and style illuminate the stage! Cherie Price, as the Soap Star, was adorable and brought spunk to an already fun role. Carolynne Warren was a riot playing the role of the Iowa Housewife! You could just see so many people that you know in her vibrant character! Barbara Pinolini, Earth Mother, reminded the audience of the generation from which (most of them) came and she did it with great fervor! Overall, they gave an amazing performance and kept the entire audience in stitches the entire show! It was a blast and a great way to spend a night with my Mom and my little sister, whom deserves all the credit because it was all her idea in the first place!
If you would love to see Menopause the Musical and you don't live in the Providence area, check to see if and when it is playing in your area here! If you are in the Providence area, Trinity Rep has many shows still open in both July and August so check it out!
Why these photos for Wordless Wednesday? Because, quite simply, there are no words to express how much I DON'T want to spend my time cleaning this disaster! LOL! I want to make more stuff!!!! But, alas, my space has become QUITE limited, so I'm guessing I will have to do at least SOME clean up before jumping into my creative endeavors this evening. Such is the life of an artist. Such is the life. *sigh*
Congratulations, Monie G and MJ!!! Please contact me within 48 hours so I can get you the info you need to receive your prize!!!!
The Skin MD giveaway ends today, so don't forget to enter that one!!!! Really, this is great stuff! The Hubbums has been using it, as he has some time off, and it is working great! He loves it!
I know... the scrapbooking blog world is probably overloaded with sneaks and peeks of all of the new product on the way, but I just can't help but to toss in a post with some of the lines I am most looking forward to getting my hands on!
I have to say, I am actually really excited about the releases this time around. Last time there were a few that I wanted from some favorite companies, but not a ton...this time around we are talking a whole different story! I am STOKED! Seriously...I am just giddy about some of this stuff! So, here are snippets of a few that I am most excited about:
Blue Skies by American Crafts: Holy CUTE!!! No, seriously, I love it all! The stamps are SO STINKING WONDERFUL!!! And if you haven't tried AC Flair embellishments yet, you totally should because they will make you happy. I promise.
Cosmo Cricket Boyfriend AND Earth Love DOUBLE DECK!!!!!! Do you people see what they have done here? They took TWO amazing lines, both of which I MUST HAVE and combined them in one package for my purchasing pleasure. Seriously. I think I am going to kiss them.
Jillibean Soup Talk Soup collection Goodness! Can you see this Kraft fabulousness? No, seriously, though, folks. If you aren't happy yet you should see a doctor, 'cause my friends, this is some GOOD STUFF we're chatt'n about today!
Kaiser Krafts: This collection is just totally fun and cute! I wish the colors were a bit stronger, but I love it anyway! LOL!
Maya Road has SO many wonderful things coming out! these are ADORABLE and I totally can't wait to get some! I have no idea what I will do with them, but I will find something because anything this cute WILL be used! LOL! I really am in love with the new pins and trims, too!
My Little Shoebox has jumped right into a spot amongst my favorite companies! They really didn't even have to work for it! LOL! I love this new line, Little Ladies, releasing at CHA!
My Mind's Eye has some REALLY cute stuff coming! I don't know, again, how I will use dinosaurs, but I will find a way, dagnabbit! I WILL FIND A WAY!!!!! Hee-hee.....
Pink Paislee. Not much more needs to be said on this one. Amber Road is AMAZING and if you get a Christmas card from me this year, don't be shocked and/or amazed if it happens to be made with Mistletoe and Co. Just Say'n is all.
Okay....that's enough drooling for now. Go grab something to clean off your keyboard and return to your regularly scheduled activities! Thank you to all of these fabulous companies for sharing these sneaks with us and for developing such amazing products for me to spend my lack of money on!!!!
So....tell me....what are YOU most looking forward to from the sneaks you've seen so far! We will have ALL the news soon, so let's spill now before there is more to want! HA!!!
If you are a crafter, I am sure you know how that happens from time to time...you start to stray a bit and in time you lose track of who you are as a crafter.
If you have never experienced this, it pretty much sucks, so I pray you never do! However, if you have been crafting for a long time, I'm sure it is a familiar story.
And yes...this is what happened to me. I lost my way, I got sidetracked, and I just couldn't find me in some of what I was creating. (If you would like an example look at the 'USA' card I created a couple of weeks ago...it is SO not me!)
I'm back and I am back in full creative force! I am so excite! How did I find it? Well, it actually came from a bit of competitive spirit and a little push to do something I always say I will do and then never actually do.
This is significant because they have been a steadfast regular in my stash for a really really long time! It was a perfect fit! And, in jumping into their fabulous products I found me and my style all over again! I am creating the way I was made to create!
And then there is the dimension. I do so love dimension! I popped up the white outer border and then just popped up as many of the components as I could! I wish you could see it in person! It's so dimensionally fun!
I used some way fun paper, too! Check out that fabulous alphabet paper! I had to buy it! I loved it too much to ignore it...but, as you know, I don't have kids, so I had to use it in a slightly less traditional manner. So, I used it on a page about learning with a photo from a day at the museum! (The Boston Science Museum, actually....if you've never been it is so amazingly wonderful! We go as often as we can because we love it so much!)
Thus, I may have to take a few days to, oh, I don't know....clean up the hurricane. But I'm totally okay with that because I can't be stopped now!
*We went out for breakfast this morning because we love going out for breakfast on the weekends. It was yummy.
*I walked to AC Moore today and got a great package of American Crafts cardstock (My FAVORITE!!!) with a 50% off coupon and two packages of findings on sale for a jewelry project I was working on.
*I'm working on a new layout. It's not playing very nicely, but I'm sure we will get through it. If not I will threaten to dump liquid glue all over it. Paper doesn't like that at all!
*I talked to my in-laws earlier this evening. That was nice, since I don't get to do that often. My Mother in Law sent me Safeway plastic wrap because it is the best and we don't have Safeway here.
Harry Potter was AWESOME, but that sort of goes without saying if you are a fan. So good! I love it even more now that they are older! This cast is amazing! I'm so ready for the next one, but so sad that it will all be over soon.
Terminator, on the other hand, was what one might call ridiculous. Now, let me start by mentioning that I'm not really a Terminator fan to begin with. This movie was not on my list to see, but The Hubbums sort of wanted to see it and it was part of the double feature, so we stayed and watched it. It's a dumb movie. Part of what is annoying is that they basically stole the whole 'skin job' concept from Battlestar Gallactica. Yes, I realize that the concept was probably not original to BSG, either, but I am a BSG fan and not a Terminator fan, so as far as I'm concerned BSG just wins. HA! LOL! Although, at the end of the the movie a skin job that looks a whole lot like a certain 'Governator' does appear and that sort of gave me a double take! No, it's not really him, but it's a darned good look-alike!
And I have a layout to share with you today, as well! I know...it's hard to contain your excitement with all of this movies and layouts in one post....it's Friday, I thought I'd go a bit CRAZY! HA!!!
This was SUCH a fun layout for me! I really love how it turned out! I used a Jason Mraz song lyric for the journaling. One thing I like about using song lyrics is that I have a bit more liberty, in my mind anyway, to cover some parts of it since it is familiar. I love the way the journaling serves as the backdroup for the entire layout. The tree is handcut and pieced. The background paper and the strips beneath the photos are all Sassafrass papers. LOVE THEM! I used a fun Japanese popcorn pen to create the title. You write or color with the pen and then heat it for that fun puffy look! I added bits of fabric and some fun buttons to accent the page.
I hope you are all having a great week and I hope you have some fun plans for the weekend! Are you heading off to see any movies? I still want to see Up! so bad, but at this point, I think I may be waiting for Redbox.
*Don't forget to enter the three giveaways posted Monday, Tuesday, and Wedensday of this week! I have another Etsy Feature with a giveaway coming soon! *
Julia over at the Apron Goddess is hosting a fun blog carnival that is ALL ABOUT THE APRONS! I just found out about it, but I have had these photos for a few days just WAITING for the PERFECT post opportunity and this is SO it! LOL!
So, a couple of weeks ago The Hubbums was making dinner, as he often does since I sort of suck at the whole cooking thing. Baking I can do...cooking, not so much! LOL! (Someday I will have to tell you about the 'spaghetti pie' incident! It wasn't pretty, I tell ya!) Sorry about that...on to my story. So, The Hubbums was making these really crazy yummy kabobs with steak strips, potatoes, corn and RANCH! (I know...awesome, huh?) But, the thing of it is...it was a slightly messy process. So...The Wifee had a BRILLIANT idea!
So....I ran off to grab it and brought it to him and he put it on. HA! How cute is my Hubbums? Seriously? WAY TOTALLY CUTE! He's the bestest! LOL!
LOVE THESE PHOTOS!!!! LOL! They make me smile and remind me just how much fun this fabulous man of mine is!!!
Incidentally, as he was looking down at the Japanese Dolls, he decided that Boojiboo should make him a more masculine apron. He wants a Boojiboo Samurai Apron. LOL! Do you think they would do that for him? HA!!! How stinking cute would that be???
So, there you have it! My apron post! I know...it's not a sexy picture of me in an apron, but I think this is WAY better than that! LOL!!!
Oh! And...since I totally love my Boojiboo apron, I can't help but to toss in a plug for them! If you are an apron lover, you should totally check out their shop! I love them!!!!
For more fabulous apron posts check out the linky over at The Apron Goddess!!! Join in and let me know if you do! I'd love to see yours!!!
***Don't forget to check out the giveaways from earlier this week! I have THREE open right now! It's craziness!!!!***
I KNOW! Can you believe THREE giveaways in THREE days? It's crazy! But way fun! LOL! Today I am actually excited to FINALLY be able to share with you about an really great skin care product for those of us who happen to LOVE the sun!
Several weeks ago the folks at Skin MD Natural sent me a sample of their Shielding Lotion to try out and share with all of you! The problem came, not with the product, but with the weather! If any of you live in New England you know that the sun and, really, the entire summer season, was quite reluctant to visit this area this year! But, alas, we have finally seen that big beautiful orb in the sky and it's fabulous rays have been shining down in all their glory! I LOVE IT!
And, being one who loves the sun, I tend to like to lie out in it from time to time. NOW...before you all tell me that's dangerous, let me tell you that the sun has so many benefits and with a job that keeps me in a basement 40 hours a week and a commute that keeps me in a car for 10 hours a week, this girl needs a dose of serotonin now and then!
BUT...that does not mean that I want to cause harm to my skin, which, as we all know, the sun can do quite easily if one is not careful. So, the other day, I (and I will be honest, it was slightly reluctantly) tried out the Skin MD Natural - Shielding Lotion.
1. It's not oily, or greasy, or slimy! I can't stand sunscreens because they tend to be all of the above and I HATE that feeling! Skin MD Natural is none of the above! How awesome is THAT?
2. It absorbs quickly. Have you ever put on sunscreen only to look like a snowman, or perhaps a ghost for several minutes after because the stuff sits on top of your skin? YUCK! SO NOT CUTE! Skin MD Natural absorbs as you put it on protecting your skin instantly without making you look like a sheet.
3. It leaves no residue or stickiness. Some sunscreens are almost visible because of the sheen or residue that they leave on your skin. They can even make you feel sticky! Yuck! Skin MD Natural doesn't do any of that, and I love it for that!
4. It works!!!! Yes, that is the best part! I can happily report that I have NO signs of sunburn after an afternoon at the poolside over the weekend! That is a good thing!
5. Even cooler than JUST protecting your skin from the sun, Skin MD Natural is a shielding lotion. It is highly effective in protecting your skin from dryness and other environmental factors that can damage it! It blocks out irritants, making way for the skins natural moisture to do it's job! My legs generally need lotion on a DAILY basis because they get so dry. Can I tell you something awesome? Since I used the Skin MD this weekend, I have noticed an improvement right away! I have been able to apply lotion to my legs less often and my legs look great! (Even if I do say so myself! LOL!) Check out their website for TONS of incredible information! It's worth your time!
Are you interested in trying out Skin MD Natural yourself? I know you totally are! Well, here is a chance to win a bottle of Skin MD Natural - SPF 15!
To enter comment here with one thing you don't like about your sunscreen and how Skin MD would be a better choice for you. (Required)
For a Third entry (Optional) follow me on Twitter and Tweet about this giveaway! Leave a comment with a direct link to your tweet.
Want to protect your skin and look great? Win Skin MD Natural from @JustJingle http://tinyurl.com/l45a8p
UPrinting offers some pretty cool stuff, including custom sticker printing. That means that you can have your very own stickers created by you for you! CUSTOM STICKER PRINTING!!! And do you want o know what is even cooler about UPrinting? They are fabulously generous, too! They are offering 250 FREE Custom Stickers to one Just Jingle reader!!!
Since UPrinting is so generous and is also offering this fabulous opportunity to me, I decided to go ahead and start designing my sticker! I immediately thought about my blog and went ahead and used a photo of my header and simply added my blog url to the photo so now I promote my blog anywhere! I am so excited!
So, here's the deal! All you have to do to enter to win 250 Custom Stickers from UPrinting is comment below telling me how you would use the Custom Stickers! (This entry is required.)
For a third entry (totally optional) copy and paste the following into Twitter and Tweet about this giveaway. Follow me on Twitter and leave a comment here with the URL to your tweet!
Giveaway is open to US/CAN residents. Shipping of prizes is not included and must be paid by winner. UPrinting.com reserves the right not to print obscene or offensive materials.
All designs submitted in the form of a giveaway may be used by UPrinting.com for online marketing and promotional uses. The designs will be used solely as examples and not be printed or commercially distributed.
Diana has been creating beautiful and unique jewelry pieces for over twenty years! Her designs are classic and creative at the same time, making them fabulous additions to your wardrobe! Diana uses semi-precious gemstone beads for her unique designs, too! I love that! She has so many wonderful beads in her collection! One of the things I like the most about Diana's work is that she creates different styles, so there is something for everyone in her shop! Here are a few of my favorites!
If I had long hair I would so have tons of cute little embellishments for it! I really love this clip! The colors are fabulous and it is so easy to wear!
This bracelet, the Estimated Prophet, is just stunning! I love how you could wear this with anything from a cute black dress to a pair of jeans and a white button down!
This necklace, Here Comes the Sunshine, is one of my absolute favorites in her shop! I just love it! I'm a sucker for long beaded necklaces and this one is just fantastic!!!
And Diana has generously offered an amazing giveaway, as well! One Winner will receive their choice between the following three pairs of gorgeous earrings! I know it will be very hard to choose!!!!
Aren't those amazing?!!!!! Wow! So...read the following so you can be entered to win one of these beautiful pairs of earrings. I think I would choose the second pair...maybe the first,.....I don't know, though...I love those ice earrings....Oh, MAN! They are all stunning, what can I say? LOL!
If you can't wait to win a pair or if you see something else you love head on over to Pretty Cool Jewels and treat yourself to something fabulous! You totally deserve it!!!
Go to Pretty Cool Jewels and come back and tell me something you love that I didn't mention in this review.
*Make a purchase at Pretty Cool Jewels and leave THREE comments letting me know for THREE extra entries.
Today we celebrated my Mom's birthday! And she's pretty great, so that was fun! I felt bad because we couldn't stay long, but it was one of those days where we just really enjoyed each others company, you know? Sometimes hangin' with the fam can be just plain fun! Dad grilled and there was way too much food, which is pretty much how Daddy does things! LOL! And it was all fabulous! This is the card that I made for her.
The Use Your Stash challenge this week goes up tomorrow and you should check it out! Let's just say, you may see this card again! ;-)
And here, is my beautiful Mom on her birthday! It is a gorgeous sunny day, here, too, which is her favorite kind, so that worked out well!
Oh, and just a note - keep an eye on the blog this week! I have several giveaways that are ready to go! I think I will have three or four of them to do this week!!! I'm excited!
I am me. I am a wife, a daughter, a sister, and a friend. I am an artist. I am a crafter. I laugh. A lot.
NOTE: I receive free product from EACH of these companies and their affiliates to create the samples I share. All opinions expressed are my own. Posts may contain affiliate links and I am given a small percentage of sales purchased via these links.
Happy Thanksgiving, folks! I am sorry, as today is a scheduled (not by me) post and I wasn't closely paying attention to the dates when I created my assignments, so, alas, I have a Christmas card to share on Thanksgiving day! Oooopsies! LOL! BUT...it is a REALLY pretty one, so hopefully that will make up for my indiscretion! HA!
The Artist In Residence Theme for Imagine Crafts/Tsukineko this month was to work with the Glistening Line from Authentique. I LOVE this line and have had SO much fun creating with it! I combined it with some great stamps from Technique Tuesday (designed by Teri Anderson) and I just love how this turned out!
I, of course, added a bit of wink of stella over the ink to give it some shimmer. YAY! You can see a full tutorial for this cad over on the Imagine Crafts blog today! To find the products I've used, check out the links below. Thanks for stopping by and Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
It is Wednesday and that means it is time for a new challenge over at the Simon Says Stamp Wednesday Challenge Blog! This week, the design team is using some super fun goodies from Tim Holtz/Ranger! As for the challenge, well, it's ANYTHING GOES time! Make something fabulous over the holiday weekend and link it up!
I challenged myself to go a bit outside of my usual box for this one. Since we were encouraged to use Tim Holtz products, I checked out my stash and pulled out a GORGEOUS stamp I've had around for a bit and then decided that inking was simply in order. I mean, who can be inspired by Tim Holtz and NOT lay on the ink?! LOL! I 'colored' my image with distress inks! SO FUN! Of course, his beard is shimmering with Wink of Stella clear because I pretty much am having an affair with that thing. Just sayin'. I accented his hat with a bit of enamel accents, too! SO MUCH FUN!!!!
I also added some of that fabulous film strip ribbon from Tim Holtz. I LOVE that stuff! I don't use it often, but it is just SO much fun!!! Plus... it totally comes in an little adorable tin and I love that. Good stuff, folks. Good stuff, I tell ya! You can find links to ALL of the super fun goodies I used on this card below.
And, as per usual, the absolutely fabulously generous Heidi is offering one lucky participant (chosen at random) a $50 Gift Voucher to the Simon Says Stamp Store! Happy Happy to YOU!!!!!
And.... one more from the WCMD pile! I really hope you guys don't mind me sharing these. I just really loved them, so I was excited to show them off! YAY! Today's was in the Hello category. I had so much fun with this one! The icons are simply squares of white cardstock and I used colored pencils to draw and color each one by hand. I LOVE how they turned out! I picked my favorite apps, of course! LOL!
YAY!!! I {heart} it. This card is just so much fun! The iPhone die is a Kelly Purkey one from Simon Says Stamp and it is AWESOME!!!! (You can find it in the links below.) I made a shaker with it and tossed in some shiny sequins and the icon squares. I pretty much love that. The speech bubble stamp and die are both from The Stamps of Life.
Yup. I totally left that photo full size. Why? 'Cause I LOVE the icons and I want you to SEE them!!! LOL! I just had a lot of fun doing them. That's all, really.
Labels: cards, CAS, coloring, hello, iPhone, kelly purkey, may arts, Prismacolor, sequins, simon says stamp, simple stories, the stamps of life
The first picture is a picture Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture, the image has been in named with : Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture, This image was posted on category : Architecture, have resolution : 800x502 pixel. This posting entitled Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture, and many people looking for about Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture from search engine.
Hello I am , August 18th, 2018, This is my post about Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
Because of the Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Nice Design Ideas Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture similar to this one from below. Enjoy this gallery!. Back to post: Pictures Of Walk In Showers Architecture Attractive Inspiration Ideas
pictures of walk in showers with doors pictures of walk in showers for the elderly pictures of handicap walk in showers pictures of doorless walk in showers pictures of modern walk in showers pictures of walk in showers without doors pictures of tiled walk in showers pictures of walk in showers designs pictures of walk in showers with half walls pictures of walk in showers with tile pictures of walk in showers in small bathrooms pictures of walk in showers with bench pictures of walk in showers pictures of walk in showers only pictures of walk in showers with seats pictures of custom walk in showers pictures of walk in showers with curtains pictures of small walk in showers pictures of large walk in showers pictures of walk in showers for seniors
The Cooper Young Business Association is proud to announce this year’s winners of the 2018 Young Artist Contest. This post-festival event is held annually to encourage the love of art in school age children residing in the Mid-South. The CYBA received 290 entries for the contest which had a theme of “Historically Hip Cooper Young.” Reception for winners and artists will be held at Peabody Elementary located at 2086 Young Avenue on Thursday, November 1, 2018 from 6:00 – 7:00 pm. Award Ceremony begins at 6:30 pm.
This contest is open to children, all over Memphis and surrounding communities, grades 1-12 and is sponsored by Sprouts Farmers Market. All entries will be on exhibit for viewing in the cafeteria of Peabody School on the night of the reception. Prizes will be awarded in the following categories: Three $250 First Place, Three $100 Second Place, Three $75 Third Place, and Three $50 Honorable Mention; one each for grades 1st – 4th, grades 5th – 8th, and grades 9th – 12th. This is a free, family-friendly art show open to the public. We encourage everyone to come and enjoy the talent of these fine young artists. Refreshments will be available.
Workforce: The elephant in the room By Joe B. Kent Click To Get Your #TeamGIVING Benefits Today PROBLEM: WORKfORCE READINESS DISCONNECT Following years of Memphis Corporate Community Leadership (MCCL) led fledgling and disconnected workforce development efforts,...
County Edge Task Force: getting real By Joe Kent This article is being brought to you by HomeTown Home Services, Is it time for a Home Improvement? The County EDGE Task Force continued their local reform work with a productive open discussion of challenging and...
We believe there is an amazing story just waiting to be told inside everyone. Stories that inspire change, ideas, and action. Some stories are painful, some are fun, and others are life changing. BeAmazing and share your story today on JustMy!
Did you know that down through the centuries thyme has been used for many ailments, from influenza to epileptic seizures? It was often mixed with equal parts of lavender and sprinkled on the floors of…
Coconut oil is one of the most versatile ingredients. It can be used for a wide range of uses and purposes. What’s more, coconut oil can be used as a base for a toothpaste. Hence, you can use coconut …
This Recipe is going Crazy in the World! Heal your Knees and Rebuilds Bones and Joints (Awesome Recipe)
Check out these pictures of Hulk Hogan before and after plastic surgery. Do you think Hulk Hogan had good or bad cosmetic surgery?
Check out these pictures of Paula Abdul before and after plastic surgery. Do you think Paula Abdul had good or bad cosmetic surgery?
Source Relation Series 25122 | Department of Transportation | Official photographs index | boundary map for UDOT districts
Rights Management Digital Image created in 2012 by the Utah State Archives, which is the custodian of the original records from the Department of Transportation.
Abstract The Community Relations Office of the Department of Transportation created an index to the office's official photographs.
The sole is made from a lightweight and very flexible PU compound with a patterned base for improved traction.
A versatile and fashionable slip on, beautifully made and finished in high grade leather. A great colour and style that can be dressed up or down and sits happily with so many other colours. The perfect Summer shoe!
For first time orders we offer a 10% discount. Simply type the number 10 into the discount code box at checkout and a 10% discount will be applied.
Any purchases can also be picked up from the shop. If you have any specific delivery requests please enter them in the "customer notes" box.
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase you can return it within 21 days in it's original unworn condition. We will refund the product price. Please ensure your name and address are clearly visible on the return and you receipt is included. We do not pay the postage cost of returns. We recommend you obtain proof of postage as we are not lible for returned items lost in transit. You can also return any online purchase to the shop.
Some have claimed Meghan Markle is the first mixed-race member of the Royal Family. They will then visit New Zealand and finally end the two-week trip in Sydney, Australia, the palace said. The DUCHA- should be humane to our father who has given her everything ... and this media crap can stop! "The duchASS can bow to the daddy", she wrote.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle nearly stayed out of the public eye for most of their summer holidays, with only making special appearances at occasions like Harry's best friend's wedding or the charity screening of Hamilton.
"When they posed for the photographers, she was the one using reassuring gestures and confidently touching Harry's arm".
Daniel shared that 'There's a small group of us that check in with her and see how she's doing, but she's still the same person'.
"Meghan has lost touch with some of her close friends from before the wedding, which has been tough".
Since then Moscow has increased the number of its large-scale military exercises in the Caucasus, the Baltic and the Arctic. Tanks roll during the military exercises in Chita, Eastern Siberia, during the Vostok 2018 exercises, September 11, 2018.
The Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL are no longer a secret, but Google has actually not yet officially confirmed the smartphones. As per the leaked images of the leaks, it shows that the Google Pixel 3 were first to discovered by 9to5Google.
Coleman was drafted by the Browns with the No. 15 pick in 2016 and spent the first two seasons of his career with them. Barner, 28, was a sixth-round pick by the Panthers in 2013 and returned to Carolina for training camp this year.
Former Hollywood lighting director Thomas, also dad to Samantha, 53, and Tom Jr., 51, said he watched Meghan's wedding on TV as he recovered from heart surgery.
It comes after Thomas Markle revealed his fears Meghan was masking the stresses of royal life with a smile and that the royals were freezing him out of his daughter's life over his staged paparazzi pictures and controversial interview with Good Morning Britain. But since announcing her engagement to the British royal a year ago and their wedding in May, she has moved full-time to the United Kingdom where she is trying to forge genuine connections of her own.
But what you and I fail to see is her body language, and what it means. I don't know. It really worries me.
"All I can say now is that I think Meghan was calculated - very calculated - in the way she handled people and relationships".
"There's a high price to pay to be married to that family". Meghan's ancestor Steve Ragland was born into slavery in 1848.
According to Nintendo, "it will no longer be possible to unlink your Nintendo Account from your Nintendo Switch user". The much anticipated online gaming service for the popular Nintendo Switch has a start date: September 18.
Unarchiver, Dr. "Trend Micro is aware of a recent scrutiny of some of our consumer applications, including our Dr". Adware Doctor, the app in question, was the highest-grossing utility app in the app store before being taken down.
The sensational claims of Mallya, outside a London court on Wednesday, sparked a fire in Indian political discourse. He later said he never met Arun Jaitley formally. "The allegations are media created allegations, unfortunately".
Rodgers echoed McCarthy on taking it on a day by day basis and revealed he didn't take pain medications Sunday night. Instead, he did rehab work on the side and extensive exercises with the medical staff inside the stadium.
The category four hurricane is set to bring with it heavy rains and winds of up to 225 kilometres per hour. In a trailer park outside Wilmington, Alondra Espinoza was preparing to leave with her two young children.
Camera-wise, the iPhone Xr packs a single-lens rear camera - the same wide-angle camera that is installed on the iPhone Xs. And you better believe that the internet has some opinions on what we now know to be the iPhone Xs, Xs Max and XR.
The Vatican said Wednesday the leaders of the national bishops' conferences would meet with Pope Francis from February 21 to 24. Moving priests who have been accused of child sex abuse is widely seen as a way to help them avoid facing any consequences.
Henry Cavill broke his silence on his exit from the role of Superman/Clark Kent in the DC Universe with a cryptic video. The outlet previously reported that "22 Jump Street" scribe Oren Uziel is working on a " Supergirl " film script.
It also describes a process for the Treasury and State departments to recommend appropriate, automatic sanctions. Russian Federation denies meddling and Trump has dismissed the probe as a "witch hunt".
The Apple Watch Series 4 will be available directly from Apple, either at brick-and-mortar Apple Store locations or online. Apple Watches were already capable wrist-worn heart-rate monitors, but the Series 4 has some new tricks in that regard.
It's the latest advisory - albeit from a different perspective - that residents from Maryland to Georgia should be prepared for a unsafe storm.
Lloris , who made his way into the court building flanked by two members of his entourage, left the building without comment. Lloris is the French national team captain but Lollichon, a fellow Frenchman, has called the Spurs shot-stopper "overrated".
She has had words on court before but this time it went way beyond anything I have seen for a long time . However, that show of support reportedly was too slow in the making to mollify the umpires' colleagues.
With the new launches, Apple is hoping to expand its market share in the increasingly competitive smart-phone space. New models were referenced in several places in Apple's site code - including for offers on AppleCare.
The people of ME are asking you to be a hero , Senator Collins". "We will get you out of office". Here are five USA senators who could either make or break Kavanaugh's nomination.
Some aspects of the new intelligence were reported Friday by NBC News . If the leak was authorized, however, that could mean that the Trump administration is working to highlight and leverage North Korea's bad faith ahead of additional negotiations.
Redoine Faid , probably the most notorious French gangster, has escaped jail for the 2nd time, this time in a helicopter. French prosecutors opened an investigation into the escape. The helicopter was later found abandoned in the town of Garges-les-Gonesse, in the northern suburbs of Paris . The men quickly made good their escape in the helico...
It would totally [screw] us as a country", one source told the media outlet. The source added that Trump has frequently told advisers, "We always get fucked by them [the WTO]". Trump "has concerns about the WTO", Mnuchin said Friday during an interview on Fox Business . "He thinks there's aspects of it that aren't fair". Treasury Secretary Steve...
Three adults who tried to save the children were also hurt. "It's a community within our community", Bones said of the incident. Quickly after the attack, authorities arrested 30-year-old Timmy Kinner of Los Angeles, who has an extensive criminal record, police say.
Opponents of the U.S. Supreme Court travel ban decision call on Congress to step in at a rally in Detroit on Tuesday evening. Demonstrators said they were angry that the Supreme Court decision supports Trump's white nationalist agenda. Trump first introduced the executive order the month he became president, in January 2017 , with plans to put...
The Financial Times reported that Pompeo was due to visit North Korea this week but the State Department has not confirmed any travel plans. Pompeo told CNN last week he would not put a timeline on negotiations with North Korea, but said the Trump administration will regularly assess the regime's seriousness about abandoning its nuclear prog...
After his suit was tossed out of court in 2013, Capital Gazette attorneys and officials alerted police about "frank comments" online by Ramos directed at the newspaper and its journalists, Altomare told the briefing. Mourners carried signs that read "We are heartbroken" and "Annapolis Strong". "We can't fathom why this person chose to do this",...
France's Justice Ministry says a Frenchman convicted of murder has escaped from prison using a helicopter. The helicopter was found later Sunday burned in the town of Garges-les-Gonesse, in the northern suburbs of Paris . Three armed accomplices were involved in the escape and hacked through a lock that gave them access to a hallway where Fair ...
The Libyan branch of the United Nation's migration agency said it was supporting the 16 "traumatised" survivors, noting that there had been further rescue operations off the coast. "We are still waiting for a word on their fate from a navy boat in the area". The proposed "regional disembarkation platforms" would be in North African nations such...
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that " we still have a lot of work to do to bridge the different views ", but said it was "a good signal" that the European Union had agreed a common text. "We will do what the people really request", he said. Likewise, with Malta and Italy closing ports to NGO rescue boats, leaving refugees and migrants ad...
Thousands of demonstrators marched across the country on Saturday to protest the separation of families under President Donald Trump's hard-line policy. Their chant "Say it loud, say it clear, immigrants are welcome here" echoed through the building, drawing scores of Senate staff to upper mezzanine floors from where they watched the commotion.
The protests challenge the separation of what protesters describe as separation of children from families at the U.S. -Mexico border. Protesters chant slogans outside a Federal court during a demonstration calling for the abolishment of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, and demand changes in U.S.
The victory , in a NY district primary election to determine who stands against the Republicans in November's midterms for a seat in Congress, immediately prompted debate about the wider ramifications for the Democrats, and whether it heralds a further move to the left.
She was followed by Sen. Kamala Harris of California over the past week. "I believe that it has become a deportation force". Thousands of people have been calling on lawmakers to "abolish" or "prosecute" ICE . She said she was anxious about the children taken from their families, and their parents left without knowing how to find them. BuzzFe...
Rebecca Smith was a sales assistant at the Capital Gazette . The suspected gunman at the Capital Gazette office building was identified using facial recognition technology. According to NBC News , the suspect has been identified as 38-year-old Maryland resident Jarrod Ramos. Krampf did not comment on those reports. The company, part of t...
Preliminary investigation revealed that the head of the family is running a plywood shop in the same premises. The body of a 70-year-old woman was found lying on the floor of the house, with the others hanging from a railing attached to the ceiling.
Numerous products were chosen because they are produced in states represented by Republican politicians, the ones who keep propping up Trump. How many tariffs are there on US products now? "Moreover, it is likely that some of the vehicles that will be hardest hit by tariff-driven price increases-in the thousands of dollars-are often purchased b...
He's also contacted Treasury Direct and reported the theft to the Austin Police Department. His family said it all started this week when they went to make a deposit into his savings account and realized it was empty. Fortunately, Overton's care, which costs $480 a day, is covered by a separate GoFundMe-linked account. The bank is helping the...
A man with a long grudge against Maryland's capital-city newspaper was ordered remanded in jail Friday on five counts of first-degree murder after police said he blasted his way into the newsroom with a pump-action shotgun, killing five people in one of the deadliest attacks on journalists in us history.
County for Trump will be broadcasting our counter-protest live on Facebook and YouTube", organizer Arthur Schaper said. "I'd be in Congress", said protesters Tom Thompson. Mathias said, in addition to marching, she also calls her legislators and writes postcards. The Post said the request came from the majority of special agents in charge o...
A couple of years ago I was living the old Chinese curse "may you live an interesting life". I had two companies shut down on me in one year, one employed over 120 souls and had been in business for 30 years, the other was a start up so it wasn't much of a surprise. Then in October of 2004I went to work for the third company that year. I expected to be based in Oregon. The day I finished my indoc training and returned to Houston to load the truck for the move to Oregon I received a call requesting that I leave the next day for Anchorage to pick up a LearJet and ferry it to The Sudan. The company was starting a new U.N. contract in The Sudan and the Captain hired for the contract was not able to do the job. Long story somewhat short... a little over a week later after ferrying a LearJet 35A from Anchorage to Khartoum, Sudan I'm flying all over Africa on a U.N. contract.
What follows will be a journal and some of the photographs of the 4 months I spent in The Sudan and Afghanistan.
I’m an Ok guy. I’m a political junky, I work wood, cook, paint (not much lately), do photography, write about art,life, motorcycles, and wood. I fly airplanes for a living. For a guy that grew up on a West Texas dirt farm in the 40’s and 50’s, I’m OK. I don’t have much use for normal male activities like hunting and sports although I can scratch and ogle with the best of ‘em. I know which fork to use most of the time, I don’t say fuck unless it’s needed and for the most part I can get along in polite society. I’ve seen more of the world than most people have and I think I can say things about it that may be interesting.
1950s, 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, Chuck Noll, Cliff Branch, Coach Dick Vermeil, Coach John Madden, Coach Tom Landry, Dallas Cowboys, Dog Aside, Dwight Clark, ESPN, Football, Fred Biletnikoff, Gene Upshaw, George Blanda, Great Games, Highlights, History, Immaculate Reception, Joe Montana, John Facenda, John Stallworth', Ken Stabler, Larry Czonka, Legends, Mark van Eeghen, Mean Joe Greene, Mike Webster, Miracle at the Meadowlands, New York Giants, NFL, NFL Comeback Victories, NFL Films, NFL Hall of Fame, Philadelphia Eagles, San Francisco 49'ers, Specials, Steve Sabol, Tom Landry, Videos, Walt GarrisonBy L E June 19, 2018 Leave a comment
DOG ASIDE: This NFL Films production of Greatest Finishes and Comebacks Ever….is a priceless production by the best film company ever to have live footage of NFL contests…..as Ed and Steve Sabol set the “gold standard” for capturing live footage and turning it into awesome stories about the NFL….as evidenced by this 20 minute piece on the greatest…
1980s, 1987 NFC Championship, CBS, Coach John Madden, Dog Aside, Football, Minnesota Vikings, NFL, NFL Conference Championships, Pat Summerall, Videos, Washington RedskinsBy L E May 13, 2018 Leave a comment
DOG ASIDE: The 1987 Minnesota Vikings season was the team’s 27th year in the National Football League….as the Vikings finished with a record of eight wins and seven losses. The 1987 strike caused the cancellation of the September 27 game at the Kansas City Chiefs….while the games played October 4, 11 and 18 were played with replacement players. Despite finishing the season only…
DOG COMMENTARY: In a play that became known as the “Sea of Hands”….the Raiders’ Clarence Davis somehow caught the winning touchdown pass with 24 seconds left in the game among “the sea of hands” of three Dolphins defenders. The game began when rookie receiver Nat Moore returned the opening kickoff 89 yards for a Miami touchdown…..then Miami defensive back Dick…
1970s, ABC, ABC Profile, Bob Beattie, Dog Commentary, Flight of Double Eagle II, Highlights, Hot Air Balloon, Maxie Anderson, Specials, Videos, Wide World of SportsBy L E December 16, 2017 Leave a comment
DOG COMMENTARY: Double Eagle II was piloted by Ben Abruzzo, Maxie Anderson, and Larry Newman….as it became the first balloon to cross the Atlantic Ocean….when it landed August 17, 1978 in Miserey (near Paris) 137 hours 6 minutes after leaving Presque Isle, Maine….for it could have been regarded as a successful crossing at the point that the Double Eagle II crossed the Irish coast on the evening of August 16th….as an event…
1970s, Dog Commentary, Flight of Double Eagle II, Hot Air Balloon, Specials, VideosBy L E November 26, 2016 Leave a comment
DOG COMMENTARY: Sone of the more enjoyable surprises about unveiling and posting Bone Daddy’s 2300 hour vintage sports, comedy and music library are the many “special historic program events” that he recorded back in the day…..and one of my favorite pieces is evidenced in this video about the flight of Double Eagle II…..which was the…
1970s, Andy Ganigan, Boxing, CBS, Dog Commentary, Gato Gonzalez, Gil Clancy, Lightweight Bouts, Lightweight Champions, Sean O'Grady, Sports Saturday / Sunday, Tim Ryan, VideosBy L E February 26, 2018 Leave a comment
DOG COMMENTARY: This 1978 lightweight boxing fight between Gato Gonzalez verses Andy Ganigan…. featured one super great lightweight in Gonzalez against one really good lightweight in Ganigan during the Golden Age of Boxing from 1964 to 1999. Rodolfo González was a Mexican boxer and former WBC Lightweight Champion also known as El Gato…. who started his career very young at…
1970s, Andy Ganigan, Boxing, CBS, Dog Aside, Gato Gonzalez, Gil Clancy, Lightweight Bouts, Sports Saturday / Sunday, Tim Ryan, VideosBy L E June 7, 2016 Leave a comment
DOG ASIDE: This lightweight fight features the # 1 rated contender Gato Gonzalez from Mexico verses # 4 rated Andy Ganigan from Hawaii…and like nearly all lightweight fights that I have seen….it is an action fight from start to finish. Rodolfo González was a Mexican boxer and former WBC Lightweight Champion….also known as El Gato….who started his…
Display options: Display as images	Display as list Make and modelMake and yearYearImportance/RoleDate added (new ones first)
Pictures are property of movie companies owner of the respective movies. Comments are property of their authors.
The research report investigate major market deliberation of Global Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials Market after performing different intellectual and extensive analysis on Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry. To gain better vision, insights, assets of the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market segments, the report helps key vendors, Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials manufacturers and end-users. The Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials report covers these major regions ( Japan, South East Asia, India, USA, China and Europe).
Thus topping up conflicting facets of Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry including industrial outlines, schedules, and apparent approaches. It also clears crucial criterions such as Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials company contact information including email address, website addresses, and phone numbers, Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry group, classification, order to supply ratio, sales allowance, cost/price of the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials product, and key vendors.
Recent vendors that are new to Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials business find it troublesome to compete with existing Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market opponent located worldwide. The Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market study will be useful for Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry executives, product managers, sales, analysts, and consultants. A broad description of plans and policies, Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials product distribution, economic and behavioral policies is also established. Professionals and experts conduct primary and secondary research to gather necessary statistics of the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry by considering SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) analysis. It gives a close idea about raw materials used in Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials business, innovative technologies, scope and changing arrangements of the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials marketing channels.
On the basis of the geographical study, the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market control over North America, Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Europe. Considering the global scenario of the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market, North America region is holding to be the biggest market for Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials. Moreover, the European market is also growing and the second largest market for Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials. Rest of the World is likely to have a limited but steady expansion in the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials business.
Crystal insights of Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market along with market opportunities, threats, and growth is covered in this Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials research report. It inspect present Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market divisions to predict evolving ones and gives detailed segmentation of the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry on the basis of product types, Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials applications, and major geographical regions. In-depth study of Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market share and market contribution is also mentioned in the report.
It highlights Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials leading marketing players along with their different strategies and approaches used. Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials report study also gives information about local, regional and international markets and developing segments. Market dynamics that keeps on changing over time and in-depth scrutiny of Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market sources are also cited.
It conducts a deeper study of past and current Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market tendencies to predict future market growth in terms of volume and value. It also computes core parameters of the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials business such as industrial advancements and growth and Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials delivers fundamental market figures in the form of tables, pie charts, graphs and flows charts.
Major applications of Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry are also determined based on performance and accomplishments. Shrine to industries unsettled to improve their ledge in the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market is also discussed.
* What are current global Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market tendencies, obstructions, and challenges faced by the key competitors of Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market?
* What are major outcomes and consequences of the five strengths study of Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry?
* What will be the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market capacity and growth estimation forecast up to 2023?
* Who are the major players in the world Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market and what ways they follow to increase overall revenue?
In the end, the world Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials industry report delivers high-level information both in terms of quality and quantity. It also gives a summary of the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials vendor, dealer, contributors to the Lithium-ion Battery Anode Materials market together with research findings, data source, and appendix.
Victor is a writer, technology enthusiast, social media lover and all-around digital guy. He has been into market research industry for last 5 years. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing flows through in the expert industry coverage he provides.
The research report on “Global Clozapine Market” serves in-depth analysis on latest and upcoming market scenario of Clozapine in the appraisal period, 2018-2023. The...
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptPrivacy Policy
You finally make a friend or get a hot date with someone you're attracted to-then blow it by acting aloof or not being yourself.
Have you ever had experience of deciding to take a certain action, but end up doing something quite different? Crazy! Why do we do that? Often our actions are being run by decisions we made as a kid. Decisions that went on automatic, underground, behind-the-scenes, and now, affect us unconsciously. Decisions that are now controlling our actions in present moment without us being aware of them.
Why do we get so off track after we begin with such good intention and courage? It's those pesky childhood decisions! As we grew up, we developed strategies to survive at home and in school. We wanted our parents' love and attention and a safe place to live. We wanted to belong, get asked to prom, and pass exams-while not getting beaten up by school bully or humiliated by gossip.
The survival strategies you developed as a kid worked! These behavior patterns were good, positive, beneficial, even brilliant. They succeeded in doing job they were designed to do in that situation at that time. The proof-you're reading this. These tactics kept you alive! Perhaps a bit bruised, but still breathing. Breathing, but maybe not as happy as you could be.
Have you noticed you're still using some of same behavioral strategies to get what you want as an adult that you used in your youth?
Playing naïve. Being passive-aggressive. Manipulative. Moody. Sarcastic. Confused. Spacey. Overly sexy. Other kid tactics: Pouting. Flirting. Whining. Complaining. Hiding. Running away. Giving up. Fantasizing. Acting dumb. Having accidents. Getting sick. Playing tough. Acting fool. Telling white lies. Acting like a victim. Pretending you're someone you're not.
Do these tactics work currently in your adult life to create what you really want-loving mutual relationships, lasting support from people and universe, vibrant health, boundless energy, real joy? Usually not! Since circumstances and nature of our adult challenges have changed dramatically since we were young, most kid strategies are no longer appropriate or effective. In fact, these old tactics now get in way of reaching our goals.
Because any behavior that is unconscious and automatic can't adjust to new, different and changing situations. So, these conditioned childhood survival strategies come back to haunt us when we use them as adults-like disruptive ghosts from past. As adults, we still seek to be liked, to be included, and to make grade at work. But instead of applying fresh intuitive responses that are appropriate to current challenges, we are on autopilot-unconsciously controlled by programmed decisions we made to deal with trauma and drama of our childhood.
Here are two real-life examples my friend Sulana shares from her life that demonstrate how childhood decisions affect way we create life in present:
"When I was young, my punishment du jour was being sent to my room. My room became a safe haven from rantings and irrational behavior of my alcoholic parents. To lessen scoldings and whippings, I quickly learned to stay silent about what I felt or observed. I naturally created strategies to keep myself as safe as possible: hiding my feelings, telling white lies, using sarcasm, and spending lots of time alone. And I discovered I got attention from my parents by getting ill or acting confused. So, I developed asthma and played dumb.
That huge elephant, I thought to myself for 100th time, tethered on that tiny stake. They can weigh up to 7 tons, and there was this huge elephant rocking back and forth, kept from moving more than a few feet by … an electric fence? 25 armed men? No, by a small chain on a tiny stick.
How can this happen? How has it forgotten what it’s capable of? This can happen to any mammal, including you and me, and here’s how.
Reptiles have only reptilian brain, primitive brain that keeps heart beating, regulates instincts, pumps oxygen through lungs. They’re born miniature adults and already know all they’re going to learn. So there’s no need for parents to teach. Reptiles don’t bond with their young; in fact they’ll eat them if they don’t scurry away.
But little elephant calf is well cared for. This is where limbic brain comes in, one we share with all mammals. It’s how we bond and where emotions come from.
The young calf is cared for by all females in herd. They gather ‘round to celebrate its birth, trumpeting, and spinning, with temporal secretions running down their temples. They feel bond.
Meanwhile, mother must get baby up on its feet to nurse, or it won’t survive. It already has to learn something. And in this process, too, all young females are learning about mothering. The hormones and limbic brain drive it all.
There is absolutely no previous experience required for coming to SIPS. Many of the attendees are early career (graduate students and even some undergraduates), and many of us are new to open science and are there to learn.
The only requirement for attending SIPS is an interest in improving psychological science (see our mission statement for what that means to us).
Absolutely! Everyone can choose the level of involvement that works for them. You’ll probably be asked to introduce yourself at some of the sessions, but how much more you want to contribute is up to you. Many who have attended in the past found themselves wanting to get more involved than they expected, and we wouldn’t be surprised if you realize you have a lot more to contribute than you thought, but there’s no obligation at all! We’re also pretty sure you won’t have any trouble meeting new people even if you don’t know anyone when you get there!
It’s not entirely clear to us, either! The general idea of these types of sessions (which make up most of the program) is that our attendees are shaping the program and the organization. We are a service organization, and we want our conferences to be a place for people with common interests and goals to get together and work towards those goals. Many of the projects that have come out of previous SIPS meetings were ideas that sprang up during these kinds of informal sessions, and attendees took the ideas and ran with them.
In short, we really hope you’ll consider coming to SIPS. Most importantly, if you feel like you don’t have enough experience of expertise to come to SIPS, please don’t worry! You won’t be alone, and if you’re curious about improving psychology, we’d love for you to come!
As a visitor to this project's site, you will be able to view resources which the project has elected to share with the public. You may also browse hundreds resources in the MSPnet Hub Resource Center, which serves all the MSP projects.
1/22/12 Abstracts from Articles Published by MSP Awardees (initially funded in 2002, 2003, and 2004)
- This Maurice Full Loft Bed is very good, with a lot of like to appear see you below suggest. test to visit and uncover it priced honest get a good deal cost-free transport order. really effortless thanks a good deal.
- search to the numerous that deserve to get both equally costly and. But amazed together with the obtain and delivery from the technique here. not likely let down that this purchase to the internet. very good provider, very impressed
- To walk via, according to the office, and normal shops observed that rates listed here more cost-effective, far better top quality Maurice Full Loft Bedretailer various simple-to-use solutions and phone me purchase listed here and so on. properly then, would you inform a colleague. almost all of this amount.
- uncomplicated, fast protect you may assess costs and buy other Maurice Full Loft Bed readily available swiftly. cozy.
If you find product , Deals.If at the time will discount more Savings So you already decide you want have Maurice Full Loft Bed for your, but you don't know where to get the best price for this Maurice Full Loft Bed . We already done the research and spend a lot of time for you. Maurice Full Loft Bed to find out where to get the best deal on Maurice Full Loft Bed.
If the Maurice Full Loft Bed is integrated that you must have, be sure to order now to stay away from disappointment Click on right here to find out exactly where to get the very best deal on Maurice Full Loft Bed.
The pictures don't do this slip dress justice! It is so pretty. I love the color also- sort of a turquoise blue. The bodice fits me like a glove and then it is all flare (fit and flare) so very flattering. This will get lots of festival wear this summer. Thanks! Oh fast delivery also! Buy At
“Incredibly witty and funny, you have a taste for irony in all that you see. It seems that life has put you in perpetually untenable situations, and your sense of humor is all that gets you through them. These experiences have also made you an ardent pacifist, though you present your message with tongue sewn into cheek. You could coin a phrase that replaces the word “paradox” for millions of people.”
The first thing I found after logging onto my computer this morning is that my post, Pleasant Valley Sunday, won Post of the Day at Authorblog. I read David's blog every morning of my life; it's one of those places that's just plain nice and his photography is brilliant. Go check him out.
I was raised in a close and loving family. Dysfunctional, yes, but I never had any doubt that I was loved. My dad came from a family that was loving and supportive without all the crazy-making things that I experienced after the extended family grew away from each other geographically. But then, I lived through 9 years of the 1950s, a decade that was dysfunctional at its core.
There were two factions in our immediate family tree. My mother's family was cold, unsupportive and distant, with no displays of emotion, just cold disregard. I think I met them all of three times throughout my life, so when I think of them, I see in my mind one of those Victorian family photographs in which the subjects sit straight and rigid, like they have a pole up their backsides, wearing stern, unhappy faces. When I think of my dad's family on the other hand, I see a raucous bunch of musicians sitting in the back yard at a picnic table. Everyone's laughing, drinking beer, smoking, sharing jokes and stories, and singing, with kids and dogs running around. No wonder my mom, who was affectionate by nature, spent more time at the Waller house when she was a kid, than she did at her own. No wonder she did everything in her power to "snag" my dad when she was only 15. Her own mother died from suicide brought on by suffering with TB the year before and Mom listened while her family argued about who was going get stuck with taking care of her. No one wanted her, so the Wallers took her in. They were a family that I would have wanted to get in with too, had I been in her place.
The Wallers were the kind of family that saw nothing wrong with the kids living at home even after marriage. In fact, Mom lived with my grand-dad and grandmother while dad served as a drill sergeant at Ft. Leonardwood during WWII. My brother was born in their house. After the war the entire family packed up the '48 Plymouth and moved to California, where my dad hoped to work in radio as an entertainer along the lines of Red Skelton. The family moved together in order to help him with that dream. Within a year the family was living on two acres of land in three houses they'd built for each other in an area outside of Oxnard, known as Nyeland Acres, which was a safe, semi-rural area in those days. Sadly, today it is considered little better than a suburban slum.
Our house was next door to my grandparents' house. The two houses were separated by a white picket fence with a gate. My Aunt Pat and Uncle Don were newlyweds living in a bungalow at the top of the driveway. Other family members were my Uncle Bob and Aunt Rena, also newlyweds, my Uncle Wes, who was an unofficially adopted member of the family and lived with my grandparents, and Aunt Rena's family, who were from Finland. These included my godparents Mr. and Mrs. Tillman. Soon, the next generation started being born. I came first, followed by a multitude of cousins.
And all this time we lived on the same piece of land together, spending Sundays in the yard at potluck picnics and always helping each other with the struggles of day-to-day life. There was no sense of anyone being pushed out of the nest, no hint of the modern philosophy of "You're on your own now" or, "You're 18, now get the hell out!" No one would ever be on their own because each family member was backed up by a clan of people who loved them and wanted to help them make their way in life. There was no pressure to move out, but when you did, you were encouraged and supported--you never even had to buy furniture or houseware items because everyone was all too happy to give your their old stuff. When my parents had a little trouble with money, someone always came in with a bag of groceries, "Just a few things I picked up while I was at the grocery store." When Grand-dad's Willys jeep broke down, the men spent their Saturday afternoon fixing it. When a babysitter was needed, someone volunteered. When a newlywed aunt and uncle needed help with a utility bill, the family paid it for them. There were never loans, or demands for payment in our family; it all came back around eventually because everyone worked and pulled together.
These are the ethics I grew up with, ethics that I just naturally like to live by even when we can't afford it. What's hard for me now is that, outside of my sons (and my cousins who have scattered to the four winds), there's no longer a blood clan. When our finances are as bad as they presently are, there's no one to help, to buy a bag of groceries, or even give encouragement. I feel abandoned and alone much of the time, and as I head into my "golden years" I find myself wishing it were different. But I'm blessed with having our immediate family close at hand and we pull together as best we can when times are hard. We're a family and if my dad were here to see it, he'd recognize that his own family's values are still thriving. Perhaps some things are different (Nettl and I are a same sex couple after all), but he wouldn't care. All he'd care about is that we're loving, supportive and happy as a family unit.
The values I was taught by observance are the reason I willingly put my life on hold for 13 years to take care of Dad and Mom at the end of their lives. They are the reason my sons live with us while getting on their feet, and they are the reason we took Nettl's kids from their father when he wasn't acting in their best interests. We couldn't afford any of it, but we had faith that "what goes around comes around" and that it will come back to us, eventuall.
If my dad were here, and I said to him, "Dad, I'm so sorry for the heartache and expense I caused for you and Mom", I know what his reply would be: "Oh Hon, don't worry about it. That's the point of family."
I suppose I can blame it on my musical stroll down Memory Lane last night. Today feels like a typical Sunday in Camarillo, California, where my parents lived from 1968 to 1990. It was where Joel grew up for the most part, and was considered the "family seat".
In the Sixties, we who lived in Camarillo believed (I still do, by the way) that the Monkees' song, "Pleasant Valley Sunday" was written about our little suburb just north of the L.A. Basin. After all, the valley that leads the eight miles from town to the beach is called Pleasant Valley, and the 10-mile thoroughfare from Camarillo to Port Hueneme is Pleasant Valley Road. What would you think if you lived there?...
Despite some of the crap that went on in my early life, I was raised with some great and diverse music. Because my dad was a jazz drummer, I was exposed to some of the best music of the era, and our home was always full of interesting, talented people. When Dad died, he left me all of his and Mom's record albums of the 30s, 40s, 50s and early 60s. There were thousands of them! Unfortunately, they all were lost in "The Big Dump of 2001", a collection that also counted my own records of the 60s, 70s and 80s. It's not a story I wish to go into, because it always makes me physically ill. Anyway, I thought it would be fun to share with you some of the album covers that are the "musical wallpaper of my life". (Click to embigiate the images.)
This is one of the albums that I loved especially as an adult. I may have to put it on my Wishlist. I have to say here that I am and have always been madly in love with Sammy Davis, Jr., and I miss him terribly. You want inspiration? Read Sammy's autobiography, Yes I Can. Entertainers today are wussies.
This was my mom's album. I didn't really like it, but I heard a lot of it when she played it on our hi-fi while cleaning house.
Dad was madly in love with Doris Day. Judging from this cover, I can't say I blame him. She had a great voice, too.
Ah, Ella. Even as a child I loved when my dad put on this one. And Gershwin: too lowbrow for the highbrows and too highbrow for the lowbrows. Ella sang him perfectly. Pure class.
When I was a kid I thought the title song was fun, but it wasn't something I liked listening to. I think my grandmother gave this to Dad as a Christmas gift. He never liked it either.
Louis Armstrong was so present in my family that he might as well have been an uncle. We all loved him and my parents owned tons of his records, both 78s and 33s. His teaming up with the Duke was almost too good to be true.
I discovered Leadbelly on my own one afternoon when I opened a heavy, metal, 78 rpm record storage can. Also inside were 78 rpm picture records that I suspect would be worth a lot of money today. Aw man... why did I have to go there...
This was a comedy album that was wildly popular during the "Camelot" years in Washington D.C. My uncle, especially, loved this album and played it all the time. Come to think of it, my uncle kind of looked like JFK.
Nellie Lutcher is not a name that many people know or remember, but I do. Another album that I played for well over 30 years. What a soulful, profound voice and musical expression.
I remember this album mostly because I thought the cover was funny. My dad liked Louis Prima and my mom liked Keely Smith. I guess this was one of those pairings that made it easy for them to agree on music. I still can't look at this cover without laughing.
I have to admit that I preferred Keely. So much so that I now have this one on CD, as well as another of her LPs.
I never really liked Tommy Dorsey (I preferred Glenn Miller and Benny Goodman), but I did like this cover.
And of course, Nat King Cole. He was a staple in our home. Nettl and I own a number of his albums on CD.
Oh my God, this album was my absolute favorite from the age of five. I used to use the cover as a solid base beneath my coloring books and I thought the McGuire Sisters were the most beautiful women in the world. I can't tell you how many times I tried to draw this cover. Those faces, those necks, those blue satin gowns trimmed with mink... bigoldsigh! But best of all was their tight three-part harmonies. I remember my favorite song on this album was "Delilah Jones". I had no idea what it was about, but I loved it. Yeah, this has definitely made it to my Wishlist. Christmas is coming... Well, crap. Now I have to choose between Sammy Davis Jr. and a manage-a-quatre. Life can be so cruel...
happens when you sleep at night, and I rely on my friends in Blogsville to tell me what that was as I make my morning rounds. Here's today's bits of news:
Blog Queen informs me that Paul Newman died last night. He was born the same year as my mom, but I just never thought of him as being that old. He was always young, you know?
RW won an award and I didn't. Sure, he said that anyone can have the award if they want it, but it's not as satisfying that way. I want to know that someone loves my blog, damn it. But seriously, congrats, RW!
B.E. Earl will be making a "big pot of red" for his entire family this weekend. Wish I was there. I'll bet there will be a "big bunch of beer" as well.
The brain is a a puzzling, fascinating thing. Basically, it's a filing system, or so they tell us. I woke up just before eight this morning having not gotten to bed until 4:30, went downstairs and made the coffee and then came back upstairs. I chased the cat out of the chair, then sat down and opened my laptop. I left a mini-blog and then realized that there was no way I was going to be able to stay awake. So I did something I never do. I went back to bed...
Commercials. There's a relatively new one by American Express that really chaps my hide. Here's the scenario:
An American man and woman, apparently partners in a small business, are treating three Germans to a business lunch. A deal is struck and the American man offers to pay for lunch, pulling out his credit card, a card with a superhero of some sort on it. The Germans immediately switch from English to their own language and begin making fun of the man's card, calling it a "Kindergarten card".
"Does anyone else find this awkward?" the German woman asks and one of her team says what amounts to, "Let's get out of here." After they leave, the American woman, who apparently understands German, pulls out her more adult American Express Gold card and says, "Let me get this."
This commercial offended me the first time I saw it. It's insulting to both Americans and Germans, and here's why. First, it implies that American individuality and small business is immature, naive and unprofessional, and second, that Germans are rude, snobby and of "group mind". The small business owner probably couldn't afford to treat these people to a power lunch, but he does and for that they should be a little more understanding. Who cares what picture is on a credit card? It's the credit that matters. His card isn't up to your standards? It was when you were ordering that steak and lobster, Arschleck!
What's really under attack here is individuality. This commercial perfectly demonstrates how far down the yuppie mentality of the 80s has taken us in the past two decades. God forbid we exhibit any signs of not promoting the group mind, because, by not conforming, we say that we are free-thinkers. It has been proven throughout history that when a fascist regime is threatening to take over, the first people to be discredited (and often eliminated) are the free-thinkers. Anything that doesn't support the group mind must be done away with: writers, artists, musicians, and anyone who dares to express individuality or live according to their own truth.
Besides, all it says anyway is that people are spending money they don't have, which is one of the reasons this country is in so much trouble in the first place. Our family might be broke right now, but at least we don't have credit card bills -- we cut ours up six years ago, one of the best decisions we ever made. I can't tell you how many people have actually attacked us verbally for our stance on credit cards. People are threatened by this and I have a hard time understanding why. But this post has gone off-topic.
Wasn't there a commercial not too long ago in which Jerry Seinfeld was promoting an American Express Superman card? American Express needs to seriously rethink the unspoken message of their latest commercial and American small business owners, as well as Germans, should think about how they are being profiled. In a nut shell American Express is saying to American small business owners:
"If you don't have one of our Gold Cards, they're going to laugh at you. The big kids won't want to play with you."
I was born in 1951. I know. Most of you weren't even a twinkle at that point so I thought I'd give you a glimpse into life in America on the day I was born...
I am happy. A little over a week ago I wrote a friendly, neighborly letter to the small business across the way with the new AC turbine, explaining about the noise (see this entry). In the letter I said that if they would be kind enough to adjust the thermostat for weekends and nights, not only would we be able to enjoy our patio and front porch, and our electric bill would go down, theirs would go down too and they would conserve energy. This afternoon there was a crew of workmen out working on the unit and tonight it's QUIET.
I dreamed last night that there was a hit man after me. I knew that he was going to get me, it was just a matter time and there was no escape. Of course, I spent most of the dream devising ways to give him the slip, but at last I realized that I was cornered. I found myself in inside a cottage-style house and I realized that there were all kinds of people involved in the plot to take my life, people I didn't suspect and people I didn't even know...
No, not the Puccini opera. Notice there's no "è" in there. Years ago, our circle of friends acquired the name La Boheme because we were a bunch of musicians, writers, painters, and dreamers. I say acquired because there are two differing stories of how we got the name. Some say one of us came up with it whilst others say it was bestowed upon us. However it happened, we met in the mid-1980s and are still together. Some of us, anyway. Many have come in and out of the group, and some have passed, but a certain core group always remains. Namely, Ville and myself...
Although Wednesday's laptop crash wiped out my entire C drive, everything—Windows and and the programs I use—have been reinstalled and the machine is working better than ever. I mean better than ever. My wireless connection is always excellent; no more of that tiresome fluctuating between low and good, and everything loads and runs faster. I won't list everything because you all know the routine from your own experiences. Unfortunately, I lost a lot. The worst is that I lost all of my Outlook Express email, so I'm just not going to use it anymore. I created a Gmail account for my business correspondence and any mail that Alla Breve gets on my domain is forwarded to the new one. I also lost all of the business invoicing and other important docs for the past four or five months, as well as all my graphics, codes, scripts and templates.
But the really good news is that at some point I'd backed up all my files onto both the desktop and to disk. I don't remember doing that, but I'm glad I did. So considering that I'd just transferred my screenplay to a private blog (there IS a God!), I made out alright.
My birthday is on Wednesday, and instead of asking for something frivolous, I've asked for a thumb drive. Crash me once, meh, it happens. Crash me twice, I'm a dumbass.
I wonder about words in our English language. Actually, I love words, how they evolve and where they come from. For instance, earlier in the week I was wondering where the word "gig" comes from, and how did it start being used as another name for a musical engagement...
If you live in Stillwater, which you probably don't, you get used to seeing Joe cups. They're everywhere. Whenever you go to Eskimo Joe's, or one of Stan Clark's other local restaurants, you invariably come home with one of these.
That's one of the cool things about living here. Free refills on your soft drinks. Before you leave one of these eateries you're always asked if you want a refill for the road. Consequently, I think one would be hard pressed to find a kitchen cupboard in this town that doesn't have at least one Joe cup in it...
If the famous Captain Morgan hadn't whittled me gut so early in me life I'd tip a few with ye. Instead, I request that ye pass me that flagon of ale.
You know, I think I'm finally entering that phase of life where we seem to quit allowing the slings and arrows to knock us off-balance. Let's face it, after you've spent more than a century on this planet you kind of learn that life is hard enough and there's not much out there that's worth rocking the boat over once you've found a lagoon of calm.
The computer thing has me concerned and frustrated, but I'm relatively calm about it. It will either be restored or it won't. Either way, it's just a computer. They're only files. It's not the death of a loved one, or something that will put me or someone I care about in the ICU...
When you wake up exhausted in mind, body, and spirit, it's time to proclaim Official Pajama Day and steal some down time.
I refuse to get dressed, work on my screenplay, or even make the bed. In fact, it's looking really inviting about now.
I really don't know how it can get any noisier around here. Remember two weeks ago when I told you about the AC monster they installed across the way? Well, it hasn't turned off once, even when the temp at night has gone down to 65°. On and on it roars, right outside the section of our house where all the windows are located, namely, the bedrooms and the veranda. Forget my carefree hammock-blogging afternoons amid the plants and flowers and birds. It's too damned noisy out there...
An interesting thing happens when I'm working on a new piece of fiction. I say interesting because I'm afraid that if I complain, it will stop happening. I'm that terrified of my muse, you see.
Anyway, at a certain point my characters turn into real people. I know them, and although they have a knack for surprising me from time-to-time, they're fairly predictable. This is especially true for the characters in my screenplay; they surprise me all the time...
I said I wouldn't stay up so late tonight, but I got working on my screenplay and, as it always happens, I lost track of the time. So off I go to bed.
Remember when you could drink soft drinks all day and evening and still go to sleep at a decent hour? I rarely buy sodas, but every once in a while I crave Pepsi, so on Monday night I got a 12-pack and put them in the fridge. I had one on Tuesday afternoon and one later that evening after dinner. The result? I didn't fall asleep until 9:30 Wednesday morning! This is really weird because I can drink coffee all day and it doesn't have this effect on me.
Of course, we can never catch up on a sleep debt, and yesterday I was worth absolutely nothing and felt like crap. And although I went to bed at 11:30 last night, I kept waking up until, at 2:00 am, I took a Tylenol PM. I woke up this morning at 8:30 feeling pretty good. And here it is 10:30 and I'm already showered and dressed, the bed is made and I'm ready to write.
No more Pepsi after 3:00 for me, and definitely no more than one in the space of a day. Middle age sucks sometimes.
Willow tagged me with a meme that I think I did several years ago, but since I'm a changeable sort, I'm sure that my answers will be different than they were back then. Besides, I think that one was one of the Lost Posts.
After you read this -- and even if you don't -- go pay a visit to her very enjoyable blog, Life at Willow Manner. Now I'm going to have to find something to tag her with...
The premise of this one is fairly simple: I have to list "Six Unspectacular Quirks" about myself, then tag six people. But, as I know some of you hate to be tagged, I'll only pick on people I'm fairly sure would like to play. :^P
I'm rude, I guess (or just Austrian), but I just love burps and farts. I love when I do them and I love it even better when other people do them. I always howl with laughter, regardless of how many times they happen. I must confess, however, that I'm better at burping, especially when I'm drinking beer or after a big German meal -- enjoying beer with a German meal is the best!
It's a carry-over from my childhood, I know, but one of my favorite late-night comfort foods is graham crackers and milk. I like to dunk the crackers in the milk until they're soft, but still have a little snap! to them.
I don't think it's dyslexia because that's a reading disorder, but it must be related to it. I inadvertently transpose letters and words. Like one time I told my dad that he needed to get his "hookers speaked up" in his car, and then there was the cat's "Dood Fish". Half the time I don't even realize that I've done it until people start laughing.
I love, love, love weird sleep pants or loungers. I used to have some green ones with penguins on them (man, I miss my penguin pants!), and I currently have a pair with the Three Stooges on them and another pair with rubber duckies on them. The next ones I want to get are covered with Corona logos.
Careers I could have really enjoyed are architecture or physics. The latter doesn't really surprise me because my aunt was the first woman physics professor at UCLA back in the 40s and 50s. Actually, neither surprises me because they're really made of the same laws and concepts as music composition.
I'm somewhat obsessive-compulsive, and when I get out of the shower I can't dry myself off until I close the shower curtain. I try, but I can't.
Well, the LHC Mads in Geneva's Deep 13 have shot two beams around the circle and aparently the earth has not been destroyed—yet. There are two possibilities here, though. Either it has not, or else it has and we just don't know it, in which case this is the afterlife and it isn't all that different. Go check this website to find out if the world has ended.
Somewhere in the Lost Entries, there was my initial "WTF?" post. It was a good one, too. There's another, newer post, in which I explain who this little guy is, and why he's kind of a mascot on this blog...
I can't believe I missed my 1000th post. I kept telling myself that it was coming up, but I guess I'm not a good judge of things like that. Why, oh why did this post have to be #1000!? Actually, I hit this milestone sometime last year because in my move from Wordpress I lost hundreds of posts. Anyway, this is post #1014.
Yesterday was one of those days. I caused damage to myself at least four times. First, I tripped going down the stairs, carrying some dishes to the kitchen. Fortunately, I didn't actually fall, but it still scared me. Next, I pinched my left hand ring fingertip in the closet door, causing a huge bruise that still hurts. Later, while Joel was letting me out in front of the store (it was pouring rain and I didn't want to walk from the parking lot), my foot slipped in my Croc and I slammed the car door into my leg, breaking the skin and creating a huge bump and bruise, a "goose egg" as people say. Then, in the store, I scraped a knuckle in the shopping cart, making it bleed.
Why do we have days like that? I like to say that I'm not entirely "in my body". I know I can be absent-minded and I sometimes run into walls, literally, but yesterday was ridiculous and I have all the bumps and bruises to prove it!
Md Players Wholesale - MD Player Suppliers, MD Player Wholesalers, MD Player Importers, MD Player Manufacturers in the UK
eSources is the largest trade directory of wholesale suppliers, distributors, manufacturers, importers and wholesalers in the UK. If you are looking for reliable md player suppliers, eSources is the ideal resource for your sourcing needs.
If you are a supplier of md player, and would like to receive enquiries from trade buyers worldwide by featuring your company in the wholesale products directory, click here to register your details
Welcome Visitor, start here to find trade suppliers, importers, wholesale distributors, manufacturers and wholesalers of md players in the UK
Didn't find what you were looking for? Register Free to post your buy requests and your query will be sent directly to a relevant supplier.
UK Suppliers by County-International Suppliers by Country-UK Wholesale Categories-International Wholesale Categories
The website is today’s need and it is important to maintain your online presence. Maintaining an online identity is as important as having a contact number for a business. If you have an official website and you want it to Read More …
The internet business has grown with great velocity and the most successful example of it is websites which was only a simple and sometimes ignorant thing but now the website has become most popular thing on the internet. If you Read More …
RentalCars24h.com offers you reliable car rental Brahmapur, India services that will help you to feel free and independent when moving around the town. Providing best online prices for car hire Brahmapur, India services, RentalCars24h.com allows you to save money each time when you rent a car in Brahmapur, India.
Besides, prices for car hire Brahmapur, India services include all insurances and taxes and they are not increased at the cost of the imposed or hidden services. What you see is what you pay for Brahmapur, India car rental with RentalCars24h.com. Today car rental Brahmapur, India services are provided by the following companies:
RentalCars24h.com in comparison with above mentioned car rental companies has been recently founded – in 1997 and at the moment provides car rental services with 26,000 locations in 175 countries worldwide and is already trusted by 4.7 million customers.
You will be pleasantly surprised by Brahmapur, India car hire. Car rental Brahmapur, India offers a wide choice of cars to suite any purposes and your car rental budget. Car groups of Brahmapur, India car rental include:
Insurance, Last minute, Location, Long term, Monthly, One way, Price, Transfer, Under 18, Under 21, Under 25
Disclaimer: Our Site has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
Welcome to the Indian Springs District of the Boy Scouts of America. The District is located in west Georgia, serving Scouts in
Carroll, Douglas and Haralson counties. Indian Springs serves all ages of Scouts from all backgrounds.
Scouting programs include Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts, Venturing and Varsity Scouts. There is something for all youth, beginning
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl ACharmingNicole here. I'm 19 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. I am sexy and im fun! Come and share new experiences with me!. I am a sweet girl that likes to have fun and meet new people!. I will let u find out! Just try me! is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Long Brown hairs and my measurements are 34-26-34. For Turn ons: Seeing you on cam while we chat or have fun!. For TurnsOff: rude and pushy guys!. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl AlluringJaneN1 here. I'm 25 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. It will show the real me and you. Will anal show, vibrator show, show real orgasm. The secret desires are fulfilled with me. Say, and say everything`s going to happen.. In my spare time fitness and hiking. I like strong men who are serious about their plans and desires are.. Deepthroat and i love the riding. Love more long sucking. is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Green eyes, Medium Brown hairs and my measurements are 82-68-84. For Turn ons: When massaged for a long time and slowly penetrate, then faster and faster is a big orgasm oil.. For TurnsOff: The winter of our discontent friends and bad weather.. If you prefer kinks, then Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl Enjoy2Play here. I'm 23 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. Hello, i am a curious girl and i like to meet new people, i like to have fun, to talk and love to play games. Hello, i am a curious girl and i like to meet new people, i like to have fun, to talk and love to play games. i like doing sex in latex or high heels, and stockings is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Black eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 32-25-37. For Turn ons: I enjoy to try new things, new positions, new places to have sex, and all kinds of special things.... For TurnsOff: rude people and winter because there are too many cloths on my body. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
In order to enable an iCal export link, your account needs to have a key created. This key enables other applications to access data from within Indico even when you are neither using nor logged into the Indico system yourself with the link provided. Once created, you can manage your key at any time by going to 'My Profile' and looking under the tab entitled 'HTTP API'. Further information about HTTP API keys can be found in the Indico documentation.
In conjunction with a having a key associated with your account, to have the possibility of exporting private event information necessitates the creation of a persistent key. This new key is also associated with your account and whilst it is active the data which can be obtained through using this key can be obtained by anyone in possession of the link provided. Due to this reason, it is extremely important that you keep links generated with this key private and for your use only. If you think someone else may have acquired access to a link using this key in the future, you must immediately remove it from 'My Profile' under the 'HTTP API' tab and generate a new key before regenerating iCalendar links.
The most exciting talent to emerge this year, singer, song-writer and producer Kali Uchis releases a new video for 'Loner', taken from her critically adulated mixtape 'Por Vida'. Directed by both herself and Andy Hines, this dreamy, seductive video stays true to its title, featuring Kali alone with only a dazzling montage of pink neon lights as company. Inspired by "mermaids, call-girls, the actress Mia Farrow, the film Scarface, and the director Quentin Tarantino", it serves as both the perfect companion to the sweetly soul-drenched tone of the song and an announcement of one of 2016's most exciting stars.
Tying Tiffany -Why do you make Music and what does it mean for you? The answer is simple... I love doing it!!Make music is the pill tha...
-Who are you? I’m a human being (ahah sounds like out from a dramatic movie)…formally I’m targed as “Ottone Scammacca, a 21 years old Ita...
Bearcubs facebook fanpage -Who are Bearcubs? Bearcubs consists of one person, me (Jack Ritchie) -Why do you make music and what does ...
Chelsea Wolfe Why do you make Music and what does it mean for you? It's really all I've ever felt at home with. I've b...
IGGY AZALEA NEW SINGLE ‘FANCY’ FT. CHARLI XCX RELEASE DATE: 6TH APRIL Sunday 6th April brings the release of Iggy Azalea ...
MICHAEL A GRAMMAR announce new track "The Day I Come Alive": from their forthcoming E.P Random Vision out 27th January 2014 on M...
Stephen aka M.O.O.N. -Who are you? My name is Stephen. -Why “M.O.O.N.”? I couldn't come up with a better name and I ne...
The Lovely Eggs - Hi Lovely Eggs! Let's start with the name of the band, why did you choose this? Well I (Holly) was living i...
facebook fan page - Who are you? Oh hey. I’m David Whitfield, (aka Davidian). -Why do you make Music and what does it mean for yo...
Antonio Conte Jadi Manager of the Month EPL Bulan Desember was last modified: January 14th, 2017 by Christian Putra
As of September 24th, 2018, the USTR, under the Section 301 Action has imposed a 10% tariff on all products with HTSUS code 8504.50. Inductors Inc. is working on a solution to deal with these new tariffs and while doing so, will only be adding a 5% tariff surcharge where applicable. To find out if your order falls under these tariffs, contact your sales representative. It is important to understand that pricing or fees can change at anytime due to tariff increases in the future. For more information about these tariffs, please visit https://ustr.gov
If you prefer to get in touch directly and speak with a sales representative, don’t hesitate to give us a call. Our Sales Representatives are standing by.
Watermarked by whimsy and splendour, the Venice of the East holds stage as one of India’s truly seductive cities. Udaipur is an international destination unto itself, with splendid Lake Pichola lapping against shimmering white buildings, and the Aravalli hills closing in to savour the view.
Formerly known as Mewar, Udaipur was founded in 1559 when Maharaja Udai Singh II took flight from the final sacking of Chittor by the Mughal emperor Akbar. As Udai Singh and his contemporaries resisted Muslim might, the city grew a reputation for patriotic fervour and an aching love of independence.
Air - Nearest airport to Shimla is at Jubberhatti, 26 km from Shimla. It has connecting flights to Delhi and Kullu. The nearby Chandigarh airport is, however, more handy as it is connected to all the major airports in India. Following is the schedule of flights from and to Shimla:
By Road - Shimla is well connected by road with Kalka, Chandigarh, Ambala, Delhi, Dehradun, Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Amritsar, Jammu and other towns of Punjab and Haryana.
Taxi services are available on a seat- basis between Shimla, and Kalka. There is deluxe bus service between Shimla and Delhi. Himachal Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation also runs deluxe buses between Shimla and Delhi.
By Railway - Shimla is connected by a broad gauge line up to Kalka. From Kalka to Shimla, a narrow gauge line covers 96 kilometers, of track. The journey by train, which takes about six hours, crossing 103 tunnels is one of the finest ways of enjoying the scenic beauty. There is another option for a fast train Shiwalik Express or a delightful ride in the Rail Car.
The Rail Car takes about 4 hours. Kalka has direct rail connections with Delhi, Calcutta and Amritsar. For more information on Kalka-Shimla Railway
Shimla is full of tourist attractions that are worth visiting. They may intrigue some with their rich historical legacy and for some, they are the perfect places to indulge in some good photography. Shimla is a photographer's paradise and you will find some of the most picture perfect shots over here. Read on further about the famous tourist attractions of this lovely hill station of India and plan your tour to Simla.
One place that you cannot ignore is definitely the Mall Road in Shimla. Located at the heart of the town, the Mall Road in Simla is one of the busiest commercial areas of this place. Built by the British during the colonial rule in India, the Mall Road was constructed keeping in mind the traffic on this route.
Located in the heart of Shimla is the famous tourist attraction known as The Ridge. The Ridge is the hub of all cultural activities of Shimla. It is situated along the Mall Road, which is the famous shopping center of Shimla. Most major places of Shimla like Lakkar Bazaar, Mall, Scandal Point, Jakhoo hill, etc. are connected through the Ridge.
Situated at a distance of 2 kilometers from the heart of the city, Annandale is a lovely picnic spot that is a major tourist attraction. One can relax and unwind over here and spend as much time as they want to.
A thickly wooded forest, Glenn is a famous picnic spot that is located around 4 kilometers from the center of Shimla. The thick cover of the deodar trees makes this place a calm and tranquil locale. It used to be known as the playground of Shimla where racing, cricket and polo used to be the favorite pastime of the British.
Situated at a height of 2155 meters, the Prospect hill is a great place to visit and unwind in the natural surroundings. It is also famous for a hilltop temple dedicated to Kamna Devi.
The Shimla State Museum and Library is a famous tourist attraction that is located at a distance of around 2.5 kilometers from the center of Shimla. The museum is famous for is collection of ancient sculptures, paintings, coins and photographs. The museum has samples of the famous Pahari miniature art form, which ceased to exist when the Western art form took over. The museum should be visited by anyone who is coming to Shimla.
The Summer Hill is located at a height of 1283 meters above sea level. This charming spot is famous for its university of Himachal Pradesh that is located here. It is said that Mahatma Gandhi used to come to stay here during his visit to Shimla.
The Viceregal Lodge is located at the top of Observatory Hills and was constructed by the British. This brilliant building served as the residence of the Viceroy, Lord Dufferin. It was completed by the year 1888 and it is still well maintained. This Lodge has now been transformed into the famous Institute of Advanced Studies and the six storey building still stands in all its splendor. The lodge has famous gardens and perfectly manicured lawns. The place is a very famous tourist attraction and must be visited.
Industrial Automation Repair is a leading Servo Motor Repair company in USA and Canada with state of the art servo repair facility. Industrial Automation Repair has certified Servo Motor Technicians of all manufacturers to Repair your Servo Motor . Industrial Automation Repair has specialized in Servo Drive Repair, Servo Motor Repair and electronics repair. Industrial Automation Repair Inc has knowledge and 150 years combined experience to provide our customers highest quality services. Industrial Automation Repair Inc has complete testing set up for most common and very complex servo drives with matching servo motors.
IAR has a large stock of spare parts for all major Siemens servo Motors, Resolver, Encoders and Connectors.
Prior to the historic vote approving a new independence referendum in the Scottish Parliament yesterday (Tuesday 28 March) I, like many others, wrote to the MSPs who purport to represent me urging them to respect the Scottish Government’s mandate; honour the democratic will of the Scottish electorate; and reject their parties’ calls to deny Scotland’s democratic right of self-determination. The responses I received from representatives of the British parties at Holyrood were unsurprising, but no less deplorable for being only what I expected.
Common to the feeble rationalisations of their craven conduct was the customary nonsense about there having been an undertaking that the first independence referendum was a ‘once in a generation/lifetime’ event. I say nonsense, not only because there never was any such undertaking, but because there could be no such undertaking. It not only didn’t happen, it couldn’t happen. The incessant whining about this mythical ‘promise’ betrays a fundamental failure to comprehend the nature of the democratic right of self determination. A right which is vested entirely in the people of Scotland. A right which cannot be limited, constrained or withdrawn by any politician, political party or elected administration.
Comments were made by leading figures in the SNP to the effect that the referendum was a special opportunity for the people of Scotland. In describing how special this opportunity was, the words ‘once in a lifetime’ or similar were used. At no time was it suggested that this was a unique or unrepeatable event. It was simply a case of politicians deploying a common figure of speech in order to emphasis the importance of the vote.
And even if there had been an assurance from Alex Salmond or Nicola Sturgeon that the referendum was to be a one-off, that assurance would have been meaningless. Because neither they nor anyone else has the authority in relation to an inalienable right. Even as Scotland’s democratically elected leaders, neither was entitled to place any conditions or constraints on Scotland’s right of self-determination. How much less right, therefore, does the unelected British Prime Minister have to forbid the exercise of Scotland’s right of self-determination?
Similarly, nobody voted in the first referendum to relinquish their right of self-determination. The argument that the people of Scotland made a choice and must abide by it for all time and in all circumstances displays an ignorance of democracy even more profound than the failure to grasp the concept of self-determination. The whole point of an inalienable right is that it can no more be forfeited than it can be removed. Nobody can lawfully renounce the right of self-determination any more than than they can lawfully vote themselves into a condition of slavery.
Article 1(2) of the Charter of the United Nations explicitly affirms “the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples”. It might well be argued that, under the terms of the UN Charter to which the UK is a signatory, the requirement for permission from Westminster constitutes at least an unreasonable and possibly an unlawful interference in the exercise of the Scottish people’s right to determine the form of government best suited to their needs.
What cannot sensibly be argued is that the people of Scotland somehow lost – even temporarily – the right of self-determination when they voted No in 2014. Democracy is a process, not an event. It is plainly an affront to any concept of democracy to insist, as many Unionists do, that the democratic process be stopped just because they got the result they wanted. These Unionist might well retort that nationalists want to keep on voting until they get the result they want. Of course they do! That is no more than democracy in action. The right to decide – to make an informed choice – necessarily implies the corollary of a right to reconsider in the light of new information. It cannot be otherwise and still be considered democracy.
The British parties’ campaign to deny the people of Scotland a voice is, not only undemocratic, it is definitively anti-democratic. That they continue this effort despite Holyrood having voted decisively in favour of a new referendum merely adds disrespect for Parliament to contempt for democracy and disdain for the sovereignty of the Scottish people on a lengthening charge-sheet.
There is, however, a sense in which the first independence referendum really was a ‘once in a lifetime opportunity’. In many way, the stars were favourably aligned for the restoration of Scotland’s independence back then. At the very least, and despite the deplorable behaviour of the anti-independence campaign, there remained the possibility that the archaic, dysfunctional political union could be dissolved with a minimum of acrimony and a certain amount of goodwill. In November 2013 I wrote,
A No vote on 18 September 2014 will have consequences. The outcome itself and the all too easily envisaged response of the British state to that outcome will alter an already unsatisfactory political union in ways that must inevitably have a deleterious effect on the social union that we all value so much.
Who can deny that the imperious, domineering, contemptuous attitude of Theresa May’s ‘One Nation’ British nationalist regime has altered the union and deformed the democratic space within which the constitutional debate is conducted?
Who can deny that the shrill, irreverent and all too often infantile behaviour of the British parties at Holyrood has been deleterious to all political discourse in Scotland?
Who can deny that, in a test of loyalty which asked them to choose between Scottish democracy and an increasingly obscene and irrational British nationalism, MSPs from the British parties chose the latter. They chose to forsake Scotland for the dogma of ‘The Union At Any Cost’.
Now, regrettably, we must recognise that the ‘once in a lifetime opportunity’ we had in 2014 is gone. Independence is as inevitable now as it was then. But it cannot now be a graceful or an amicable process. Our best bet may be to get it over with as quickly as possible.
I feel slightly disappointed that we have not (IMO) succeeded in making similar robust responses to a wider audience. The deployment of ‘fake’ opinions polls to generate the “the people don’t want one” mantra is risible, yet they are still getting away with it.
Since when, within our parliamentary democracy have we given mere opinions polls more weight than the wishes of an entire electorate, specifically as expressed in May 2016. The use of opinion polls by the unionist side is absurd and yet the media (obviously) and ourselves (meekly) haven’t been clear enough in rebutting this.
To put it bluntly and directly, 1000 people on a Panelbase or BMG database have zero authority to determine the future of Scotland. Those suggesting that they do (e.g. May, Mundell, Davidson) are not behaving democratically.
Peter, enjoyed your recent talk in Blairgowrie, this question is not directly in point to your article but i hope you know the answer…
If the UK negotiates a settlement with the EU which includes a deal to allow the EU to enter Scottish waters for fishing, for eg, is Scotland then bound into the UK/EU terms of settlement even if we remain in the EU as a separate entity thereafter or do we renegotiate?
The hope and intention, of course, is that we should never be in that position. Whatever Theresa May says, it is essential that we vote Yes before any Brexit agreement comes into force. Having voted Yes, the EU will no accept that the UK is negotiating on our behalf.
In the scenario which you set out, I can’t see any way that Scotland could be bound by an agreement entered into by a state of which it is no longer a part. Re-negotiation would be required.
But this again highlights the necessity of declaring our withdrawal from the UK before any Brexit deal is formalised. Ideally, we would be looking to start from something as close to the present situation as possible. That, after all, is what the people of Scotland voted for last year.
It really doesn’t matter how you come at this thing. It all boils down to the simple fact that we MUST have a referendum before Brexit, and we MUST vote Yes. That way, we have a number of options. Otherwise, we have none. All decisions will be made for us by this malignant, incompetent Tory regime.
If they had a cohesive argument they would put that forward rather than just trying the tactic getting the pro-Ind supporters to stop.
Tories, Labour and LibDems combined won the No vote in 2014 but they don’t know what they won it for, where they would go with the win.
as the title says , “it could have been all so different” all the Unionist side had to do was Honor the promises made , instead they decided to deconstruct with petty arguments and political dogma ways to remove everything that was promised by voting down every single amendment and proposal , with the Labour party in the background refusing to budge on anything it was NO NO we won we won , this short sighted mantra has got us to where we are now , what did they expect ? did they expect the YES supporters to go away .
‘Who can deny that, in a test of loyalty which asked them to choose between Scottish democracy and an increasingly obscene and irrational British nationalism, MSPs from the British parties chose the latter.’
I’m sorry, but the bias here is astounding. British Nationalism is characterised at ‘obscene’ and ‘irrational’ while Scottish Nationalism is described as ‘democracy’. All nationalism is distasteful and Scottish nationalism is just as unpleasant as the British version.
The Scottish variety can be judged by its track record, not a drop of blood spilt in its name, whereas….
There was a woman in the USA who won their national lottery jackpot–a “one in a lifetime event” event it was proclaimed. Some years later she won the jackpot again. It is as you say, Mr Bell, a figure of speech to emphasise the rarity of such events. That the sovereign people of Scotlan–through its democratically elected parliament–have voted to have another referendum (to essentially settle the question of which union it prefers when it can now only be a member of one) is democracy in action. A manifesto pledge of such a referendum was presented by one of Scotland’s political parties to the people of Scotland–and they won a landslide victory. Our parliament is an expression of our sovereign will. To attempt to suppress our will in any way is tantamount to a dictatorship.
Is that really what the UK has become? If the London regime does not respect the will of Scotland’s parliament then it WILL be seen, the world over, as exactly that–a dictaroship.
Listener who complained about lack of ‘MSP Brexit vote’ coverage on GMS told to “buy a fish supper” if he wants yesterday’s news 8 November 2018
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Infantfeedingschedule claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Information, data and designs from this website may not be copied, archived, mined, stored, captured, harvested or used in any way except in connection with use of the site in the ordinary course for its intended purpose.
Jack Yan & Associates Information: Encouraging greater public transport use: give people the tools they want, says Yan
Wellington, July 24 (JY&A Media) Mayoral candidate Jack Yan believes that opening up Wellington’s public data, especially for transport, can play a role in innovation and economic diversification, as part of a greater plan to build the city’s economy. ‘Opening up Metlink data,’ he says, ‘would encourage greater public transport usage for a start.’
He says that by providing public data, Wellington developers to create apps and other programs. He identifies the real-time information used by Metlink as a prime candidate, from which a Wellington company can use the data for live maps of where buses and trains are, helping commuters and encouraging greater use of public transport.
‘We can encourage greater use of public transport if people have tools that appeal to them,’ he says. ‘People want predictability, and the ability to plan their day. Right now, we still don’t have enough when it comes to public transport.’
Mr Yan is in favour of opening more of the city’s data to the public, and points to a competition in Maine earlier in June where netizens took public data and created projects to help the community.
‘Opening up data can not only show off our creative abilities as a city, but bring people together,’ he says. ‘It’s a small part of a much wider plan.
‘We can innovate and ensure that everything that the city currently measures with water and power usage is made public, so our best and brightest minds can come up with conservation and energy solutions.
‘We keep saying we are the creative capital, yet we don’t seem to tap in to this very creativity,’ he says.
Mr Yan says that with more older voters than younger voters, some of the fresh ideas to make our services more appealing to “wired” users have been ignored by some candidates. ‘They are under a mistaken belief that older voters would not find such ideas useful, or they are choosing to ignore younger voters because they do not provide enough votes.’
He says, ‘The best ideas have the potential to go global, and similar ones in New Zealand’s past—such as the computer graphics used to track America’s Cup entrants or TV weather maps—have gone on to be export earners for us.’
Other public data should be made available, he says, including public documents that currently are only available to citizens with official information requests. ‘They should be searchable, too,’ says Mr Yan. ‘The cost of putting them online is far lower than printing them out and posting them to people.’
He was the first mayoral candidate to publish a manifesto in April on his website (http://jackyan.com or http://backjack2013.com). It has a 10-point plan on kick-starting Wellington’s economy. He is the only candidate regularly conducting international business, with a strong entrepreneurial record, and has formally mentored Wellington businesses since 2006.
In 2010, he had campaigned on free wifi for the inner city and waterfront, now a reality and used by a record number of people in Wellington.
Jack Yan founded Jack Yan & Associates (http://jya.net), one of the world’s first virtual firms, in 1987, operating internationally. Among his company’s interests are business consulting, imaging, software and media, including the fashion magazine brand Lucire. He writes on topics, ranging from branding and business responsibility to fashion and typography, in numerous publications and journals worldwide and is a regular international speaker. He serves on the editorial board for The Journal of Brand Management. He has authored or co-authored numerous books, including Beyond Branding, Typography and Branding and, most recently, Nation Branding: Country Concepts and Cases. His personal site is at jackyan.com. He is a director of the Medinge Group (http://medinge.org), a think-tank in Sweden devoted to cutting-edge branding. He was one of the parties behind the successful bid for Miss Sweden in 2003 for Panos Emporio, and is general counsel of the Miss New Zealand Consortium, the New Zealand licensee for Miss Universe. Since 2006, he has been a mentor with Business Mentors New Zealand. In 2013, he announced his second bid for the mayoralty in Wellington, New Zealand, after netting 12 per cent of the vote on his first attempt.
Copyright ©1995–2015 by Jack Yan & Associates. All rights reserved. Terms and conditions of viewing and legal notice.
Disclaimer: jzzo.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All of the models depicted in this website were over 18 years of age at the time of the photography. The content of this website is inappropriate for minors. Appropriate care should be taken to insure that it is not viewed by anyone under 18 years of age. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties and added to our site automatically.
Never study to be successful, study for self efficiency. Don’t run behind success. Follow behind excellence, success will come all way behind you.
Synonyymit: brown or grey streaked or patched with a darker colour; streaked spotted patched speckled mottled tabby
It may be stating the obvious, but the best reason for visiting the National Forest in October is what New Englanders call leaf-peeping. Stuck in ...More
Relax in comfort and style at The Belmont Hotel in Leicester. Within easy walking distance of the Railway Station, Leicester University, The New Walk Museum, De Montfort Hall and all the fantastic shopping available in the new Highcross shopping centre. Let this long established family owned Hotel show you great dining, stylish bars and stunning refurbished accomodation. The Hotel is in a great location to explore Leicester City with the amazing new Curve Theatre and further afield in this stunning county. With free parking, Canons Leisure available nearby and its pretty location The Belmont is the ideal spot for an exciting or relaxed weekend break.
Pressed smoked trout, mackerel & fresh salmon pate wrapped with smoked salmon set on fresh leaves with dill toast & horseradish cream
Pan fried fillet of salmon trout coated with oatmeal, set on grain mustard puree potatoes with a barley chive broth
Grilled whole Dover sole, served either on or off the bone, with prawn & chive butter sauce £5.45 supplement
A 10% discretionary service charge is added to your bill, the whole of which is paid to the Kitchen and Restaurant staff,
Long run is a misleading guide to current affairs. In the long run we are all dead. - John Maynard Keynes
Cookies - 3rd parties use cookies on our site to deliver the best visitor experience and by continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookie and privacy policy
Who tell themselves that nobler things shall yet be won All deeds that dim the light of glory must they shun 653
Though her that bore thee hung'ring thou behold, no deed Do thou, that men of perfect soul have crime decreed 656
Than store of wealth guilt-laden souls obtain, The sorest poverty of perfect soul is richer gain 657
To those who hate reproof and do forbidden thing What prospers now, in after days shall anguish bring 658
What's gained through tears with tears shall go; From loss good deeds entail harvests of blessings grow 659
In pot of clay unburnt he water pours and would retain, Who seeks by wrong the realm in wealth and safety to maintain 660
Item Reviewed: Thirukural - Vinaiththooimai - Kural 651 - 660 Rating: 5 Reviewed By: Annamalai Thangaraj
Traditionaly the Erich kästner museum year begins with the last prepartions for the birthday celebrations on the 23rd of february with our Museum festival.
This year the theme chosen is "Generations" and is the 7th museum pictogram. Generations will focus on the importance of young and old working together to form a better future. It is a statement of dual responsibility between the generations. It is a fundamental ingredient in every civilised society. It is also a call for an awareness of the importance of diversity and sustainibility in our actions and respect towards the other living organisms on our planet so that coming generations may enjoy the beauty of our world.
However before we venture further into the unknown of 2010 let me mention a very important project we undertook last year in cooperation with our sponsor and partner, the Cultural foundation of the bank of Dresden represented by Monika Kunz.
This project is a wonderful example of young and old working together, supported by local writers, several schools in dresden undertook the task of writing a short text on "friendship".
The texts were collected and were developed further in small workshops run by professional writers. The resultuings texts were published as a collection at the end of 2009 and were presented to the children as a small gesture of gratitude for their work.
We hope that this very special project can be repeated in 2010 and will be the beginning of a long tradtion of "Generations" working together.
The finest Inked Girls and female Tattoo Models around The World. Find the most beautiful and hottest InkedGirls - Tattooed Women, Hot Tattoo Girls, Inked Divas, alternative Models, Tattoo Models, Trash Dolls and Photographers can upload their photos.
The Profile Page for this restaurant is brought to you by the DiningGuide.com service. Starbucks Coffee is located in Redlands.
We just took a glimpse into Fall with my last post, but today I’m back into summer mode with a fun print ankara print midi dress. Not only is its P I N K hue EVERYTHING, but the print offered me yet another opportunity to delve into the mixed prints game. At times I read that mixed prints can be intimidating to some, one of the easiest ways to transition into the print toss game is by way of black & white. I’ve shown a few examples here on the blog of how to mix patterns/prints solely using black & white (see HERE, HERE, HERE). Today’s post is an example of how to do so while incorporating other colors.
This dress is perfection for casual summer wear, but for the office I opted to add in sleeves. Or shall I say statement sleeves? 😊 Have I mentioned recently exactly how cold my office is?! Seriously, like the north pole ⛄ Nonetheless, I digress…
I love that pattern mixing. This is so cute with the multi colored dress and that white/bue striped top! Love it!
You are so fabulous at creating unexpected combinations and truly inspired looks. The layering and print mixing here is pure magic! Thanks for the redirect to Grass Fields. Their fabrics are beyond beautiful!
Thanks so much Liz!! I get a chance to tap into my creative side with fun prints like this :) Grass Fields has prints that seem to come to life, and the colors are just as vibrant and rich in person <3
Great dress, great pattern mix! You look stunning in this outfit! Thanks for linking up to Top of the World Style.
Stunning! I adore this outfit and your talent for pattern mixing is spot on. Thank you for sharing your styling genius on my Fine-Whatever link up.
Thanks Emma!! The sleeves on this top are perfection, I wish it was a button-up (with a collar) instead of a zip up :)
Some have said that appearances don’t really matter, yet experience indicates something entirely different. For instance, what is the v...
It’s back by popular demand: Today’s post features my custom made tutu, a.k.a tulle skirt :) I posted a #FBF picture to my Instagram accoun...
Today's post boasts a #ThriftStoreScore , I'll let you take a gander at exactly which piece I thrifted ;) I opted for a classic...
The Product Maintenance and Support Program provides users with the highest possible return on investment in Innovyze technology. It is a comprehensive customer support and software maintenance program that ensures the longevity and usefulness of Innovyze products. The program offers unparalleled expert assistance, accelerated learning, timely and unlimited support (both technical support and engineering support), and always instant access to the latest Innovyze software. It is a simple, convenient, flexible and affordable way for users to keep their software up to date and supported, and acquire new functionality as it is developed. The program eliminates the need to make separate allowances for upgrade and new extension (module) costs and reduces the time spent on administering licenses.
For an annual subscription fee, you can directly download new product updates, upgrades and product line extensions as they become available, choosing the items that best suit your needs, smoothing the learning curve and keeping your productivity high. The subscription fee gives you the budgetary advantage of knowing what you’ve spent on software for the entire year and what you will be spending next year.
Make a smart investment - Protect your technology investment with the Product Maintenance and Support Program and:
A coffee variety called Centroamericano, part of a new class of F1 hybrid varieties, has proven its quality potential by earning a score of 90 out of 100 points in the world’s leading competition and award for high quality coffees, the Cup of Excellence®, Nicaragua.
The coffee took second place in the Nicaragua competition and was grown by Gonzalo Adán Castillo Moreno. Mr. Moreno’s farm, Las Promesas de San Blas, is in the Northern region of Neuva Segovia, near the border with Honduras. The jury, comprised of expert cuppers 9 countries, scored the coffee a 90.50, giving the coffee the nation’s prestigious Award, which only recognizes coffees that score 90 or above out of a potential 100.
The tasters described the coffee as balanced with complex fruit flavors and aromas including cinnamon, peach, cherry, raspberry, stone fruit, rum chocolate, hazelnut, raisin, fig, pineapple, peach, and lime.
0 single-parent households (0 men, 0 women) private vs public school enrollment: students in private schools in grades 1 to 8 (elementary and middle school): 0.
Find single men in harvey, nd looking for love search our online dating site for singles in the peace garden state of north dakota we have several examples of matchcom successes in north dakota. Z14 - kindle edition by jim chaseley, nathan edwards download it once and read it on your kindle device, pc, phones or tablets use features like bookmarks, note taking and highlighting while reading z14.
Chat online in chaseley, united states with over 330m members on badoo, you will find someone in chaseley make new friends in chaseley at badoo today. Chaseley emea is on facebook join facebook to connect with chaseley emea and others you may know johnson & johnson philippines x men & women of j&j philippines, lbc express inc, black widow mix martial arts single women - russian dating site, star magic and more photos +7 see more photos others named chaseley emea chaseley emea. Local news for chaseley, nd continually updated from thousands of sources on the web. Chaseley, north dakota: 12 years later august 4, 2017 troy larson comments 19 comments the last time we visited chaseley, north dakota , was in june of 2005 , and it was a spur of the moment stop that we hadn’t planned.
Cressbrook homestead is a heritage-listed homestead at off cressbrook-caboombah road, cressbrook, somerset region, queensland, australia it was built from 1841 to 1914 it was built from 1841 to 1914.
Chaseley's best free dating site 100% free online dating for chaseley singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in chaseley looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. 511 tactical is dedicated to creating superior products that enhance safety, accuracy, speed and performance 511 tactical pants, shirts, uniforms, jackets, outerwear, footwear, sunglasses, eyewear, knives, tactical gear and holsters are purpose-built for the most demanding missions. Several of the young single men (there were forty in all) interviewed rev glennie he advised them to go up country and engage as shepherds and station hands which they did at salaries from £16 to £20 per annum.
Goodrich's best 100% free dating site meeting nice single men in goodrich can seem hopeless at times — but it doesn't have to be mingle2's goodrich personals are full of single guys in goodrich looking for girlfriends and dates.
“Above all we accept to go above words and images and concepts. No artistic eyes or conceptual framework is able to the abundant reality” – Bede Griffiths
Making a aberration in seek for altered classroom abstracts to be able to activity students’ accent assurance is a awful accustomed bookish move. This is an aftereffect of teachers’ adroitness through eyeing adapted assets of incomparable appearance that arm-twist absorbing instructions to adorn learners’ linguistic akin for accessible macro skills. It is a actuality that speaking, listening, account and autograph crave accretion grammar adeptness to communicatively serve. At this juncture, the capital affair of this abstraction is to dispense accustomed titles in a way that grammar are angry while the lesson’s affair is created through students’ complete responses affiliated to titles contexts. In the absolute world, these may appear from literary, fiction and book of assorted brand and forms such as novels, fables, abbreviate stories, essays, biographies, poems, news, editorials, films, music, paintings, books, a part of others area they serve as arts’ alive power, to actuate audience’s or readers’ discoveries. They are the promises of any acceding that are bidding actually or figuratively about advance to the enactment of accustomed thoughts. In addition, it is recommended that agents accord backgrounds of the titles if because these inputs. Accomplishments adeptness as operationally acclimated in this archetypal refers to the activity of introducing what is abaft a specific plan which agency that accouterment of surrounding advice apropos a accurate plan triggers contextual apperception and accentuates contemporary responses captivated amid the curve by learners abased aloft the amount on how a accent abecedary activates them for accessible grammatically advantageous outputs. It is aswell recommended that the ancestry of capacity should arise from the students’ amplified abilities activated by teachers’ motivation.
Language agents can possibly accomplish these tasks in accordance to institutional class mandates by apropos them to their organizations’ bookish practices assured beneath English accent programs’ contents, advance outlines, syllabi, supply plans, time frame, accustomed acquirements outcomes, and appraisal procedures. By accomplishing so, accumulation this abstraction may authorize achievability to adorning interplay.
To acknowledge the pedagogical purposes of accumulation these abstracts in accent instructions, actuality are some accustomed acquaint that are to be exemplified through arrangement components: (a) the appellation as a springboard, (b) affair (c) focus, (d) objective/s (e) abetment of responses (f) apparent alluded contemporary responses, (g) implications to accent study, and (h) angry affiliated lessons.
Construct a appellation by accouterment a anecdotic adjective afore the declared noun of a individual -word blue-blooded play.
The abecedary monitors responses. It is adapted that all answers are to be classified according to the classes of words as they are cited afore emphasizing adjectives. The abecedary can animate two-word adjectives afore the noun.
“Poor Faust,” “One Acclaimed Faust,” “Once Powerful Faust,” “The Mightiest Faust,” ” Mighty Faust,” “Doomed Faust,” “Strong Faust,” “Unfortunate Faust,” “Pitiful Faust,” “Old Wicked Faust,” “Unsatisfied Faust,” and “Power-hungry Faust.”
It elicits accession at adapted adjustment or arrangement of adjectives or area of adjectives afore nouns.
May serve as an opener for a afterwards assignment on prepositions of time and abode area titles formulated such as, ” The A lot of Wicked Faust of the Century,” “The Mightiest Faust at Midnight,” and “Condemned Faust in a Fast-moving Time,” “Doomed Faust in a Strange Land,” a part of others.
Rewrite the appellation through added words that beggarly the same. Administer allegorical interpretations.
“The Overlooked Way,” “The Unheeded Road,” “The Aisle Untaken,” “The Forgotten Road,” “The Dreamer’s Road,” “The Alley to Dreams,” and “The Hidden Way to Success.”
Formed responses denote the accountable of attaining dreams. It paves one’s adeptness to accredit words to chronicle meanings by adhering acceptable vocabularies as backup while the capital line’s abstraction is retained. It aswell caters to the compassionate or accurate and allegorical meanings of statements or accurate and allegorical interpretations of lines.
This appellation can added advance to the abstraction of accent credibility such as aberrant verbs, prepositions, noun phrases, broad articles, and anecdotic adjectives.
“The wind of change in Germany has assuredly surfaced. The wind of change in Germany emerges today. The able wind of change is the abatement of barriers. The alarming wind of change is a assurance of renewal. The unified wind of change in Germany brings accord and harmony. This is the moment for the wind of change to emerge”
This activity tests learners’ adeptness on how to aggrandize account through the adjustment of words into grammatically accustomed positions or orders. It added supports one’s above-mentioned adeptness of the locations of accent arch their adeptness to assay the distinctions amid activity and agreeable words in statements. It provides learners’ affairs to abutment their responses based from the functions of the words in commutual sentences and offers how to allocate or characterization words that compose sentences as fundamentals to grammar knowledge.
Provides affairs to ascertain that elements of sentences such as subject, verb, and commodity are generated from locations of speech. It aswell fetches learners how to actuate the differences amid a phrase, abased commodity and a sentence.
(c) focus – architecture of phrases to change meanings by added vocabularies and the accession of added forms of prepositions basal phrases
Replace the aboriginal preposition into accession to change the title’s meanings. Accompaniment the titles in altered forms. Use added forms of prepositions to add prepositional phrases.
Brainstorm meanings on above words that are present in the appellation to be acclimated in phrases and to acquaint prepositions with distinctions through their archival functions. It is adapted that altered kinds of prepositions are archival demonstrating assorted functions for simple comprehension.
a access in India, a access for India, a access beyond India, and a access next to India, the alley amid India and England, and a affiliation amid England and India
Students analyze vocabularies by replacing the above words. Added than that, assorted prepositions that anatomy prepositional phrases are chip to activity altered meanings. It demonstrates that this blazon of byword can be manipulated to complete statements in the accustomed or astern forms if anchored in sentences, and the ability of assorted prepositions with altered functions.
The antecedent answers from the aboriginal assignment accommodate added kinds of phrases which may advance to the conception of gerund, participial, and infinitive phrases. For example, breaking access to India by the British, colonized access to India, torn access to India, to cantankerous the alley to India, accepting aback to India, canonizing the accomplished by traveling to India, emancipating a access to India, agreeable access to India, amazing British’s access to India, British-established access to India, acceptable access to India, and abutting the British to India from Britain.
(a) the appellation as a springboard-poem, Stopping by the Woods in a Albino Evening by Robert Frost
(c) focus -words and collocations, phrases and sentence’s coaction through perceived senses, and created images for acceding writing
Enumerate words that are associated to what you feel, see and apprehend for cant development. Come up with an estimation through the brainstormed words activated in composition.
Elicit by formulated adviser questions on senses. Allocate responses. A semantic web or a timberline diagram can aid in the lesson.
snow-covered trees, alteration seasons, cold, chilling, falling snows, flakes, snowy, forest, weather, darkness, black, winter, afterwards autumn, snow-covered leaves, silence, season, endure stage, silence, alive time, affective time, dying and death, plan goals, man’s journey, memorable accomplishment, afterwards the season, admired dreams, awareness, feel, thought, imagine, dream, seems, love, inspired, dismayed, and awakened, a part of others.
The poem’s tittle, is accustomed to accommodate accessible words and collocations, phrases to anatomy sentences to accurate ideas. It aswell generates accompaniment verbs through the senses. Increase students’ abilities to visualize. This may be of acceptation to autograph acceding activities area learners begin account out of the affair which are accurate actually but are to be accounting and interpreted figuratively. This blazon of an bookish exercise can animate acceptance to advance above-mentioned accent adeptness for amalgam of ideas.
The appellation can be a lesson’s springboard as able-bodied as a motivational aspect to absorb focuses such as infinitives and approaching tenses. It can aswell be a key to awning gerund and gerund phrases.
(a) the appellation as a springboard- abbreviate story, A barillet of Amontillado by Edgar Allan Poe
As a aftereffect of accouterment the background, students’ thoughts may advance to an estimation that the barillet is a casket while amontillado is wine. Barillet may beggarly butt and an amontillado is a blazon of wine and that Fortunato is the wine and the barillet represents his blood-soaked doom. This blazon of assignment drives the interpretative abilities of learners in allegory account through symbolism. Arcane adeptness may be refurbished if this blazon of activity is approached.
It is aswell accessible to hotlink a assignment apropos the functions of conjunctions alien by connectives such as because, since, for, for the acumen that, a part of added conjunctions for acumen creating book constructions abreast from substituting symbols into words. Also, it may advance to college forms of arcane elements and accessories which are benign in the abstraction of literature.
(c) focus – uses of conjunctions in aperture a commodity and how these commodity may anatomy circuitous sentences
Identify the affiliation that introduces a commodity and be able to add an absolute to anatomy a sentence. Address sentences into astern or accustomed forms. Actuate the use of “as,” and substitute, “as” with accession affiliation to absorb agnate meaning.
What do you remember? What do you see a part of your children? What do you realize? What do you apprehend to appear to your children?
As I lay dying, I benevolence my children. As I lay dying, the aching accomplished came aback to me. As I lay dying, my affection ached for them. As I lay dying, I was so regretful. As I lay dying. I remembered the affectionate of adolescence I gave them. As I lay dying, I saw acute benightedness from my children. I saw my children’s weaknesses as I lay dying. I abstruse to amount children’s apprenticeship as I lay dying. I accomplished that abjection is not a albatross to apprenticeship as I lay dying. I was abashed of my children’s approaching as I lay dying.
While I lay dying, I accustomed that I can’t go aback to the past. I was actual apologetic for what happened to my children, while I lay dying. I was reminded of the accomplished while I lay dying. While I lay dying, I prayed to God for my children’s life. I asked the God to absolve me while I lay dying. While I lay dying, I saw my abandoned husband.
Students analyze the aberration amid a abased clause, simple sentence, and a circuitous book and that these accumulation of words can be in two altered forms.
The types and functions of conjunctions of time represented by the word, “as” may advance to the actualization the functions of after, before, since, when, whenever, while, and until. It aswell may added access to the discussions of the types of sentences according to structures which are simple, compound, circuitous and compound-complex.
while amends sleeps, if amends sleeps, as Amends sleeps, while the law ignores, if the law doesn’t breach my problem, as the law was too slow
While amends sleeps, she fought back. If Amends sleeps, she acquainted it is hopeless to activity back. As amends sleeps, I able myself. I attempt the accused while amends sleeps. While amends sleeps, he celebrated. If amends sleeps, I cried for my daughter. As amends sleeps, my babe appear the truth. If amends sleeps, I confronted the accused.
Examples added advance the discussions of the functions of time conjunctions. Triggers the charge of absolute and abased sentences in the accumulation of a circuitous sentence. Identification of a simple sentence, a abased commodity and a book and the accordant role of time conjunctions, accountable and verbs are associated in the discussions.
The sentences according to structures are the abutting grammar structures are a lot of acceptable to be the next lessons. It can aswell activate the assorted kinds of conjunctions and their agnate functions in the constructions of sentences. Cause and aftereffect and allegory and adverse are apparent directed discussions.
(a) the appellation as a springboard- a novel, Calculation of Monte Cristo, a atypical by Alexandre Dumas
Present how this byword may about-face into a grammatically actual book and altercate on the accent of verbs a part of added affiliated words.
The calculation of Monte Cristo was aback stabbed. The calculation of Monte Cristo was imprisoned. The calculation of Monte Cristo suffered. The calculation of Monte Cristo learned. The calculation of Monte Cristo escaped.
The calculation of Monte Cristo is so secretive. The calculation of Monte Cristo is actual rich. The calculation of Monte Cristo became popular. The calculation of Monte Cristo met humans who fabricated him suffer. The calculation of Monte Cristo was reunited with his family. The calculation of Monte Cristo is Mondego.
The aberration amid noun byword and with added phrases accumulation the two phrases is not a book after the attendance of a verb. The acceptance will apprentice to amalgamate the phrases calm with the attendance of a verb forms a sentence. Identifying account accompany the achievement of sentences.
Word adjustment such as accountable and verbs and verbs and objects, the accession of book patterns, the use of noun phrases in sentences, accomplished close forms of verbs, are triggered here.
Use simple analogue expressions to accommodate meanings to the vocabularies. Define vocabularies in simple words. Exemplify to affix every alien chat to explain an idea. Define words to appearance apperception I and be able to use them sentences.
Vocabulary development is garnered in this activity. Words are brainstormed giving the abstraction that analysis is a accountable absolute two fields of studies. A applied activity of defining the acceding in their own words is through basal analogue expressions such as is, are/refer/s to, mean/s. It is aswell through examples that acceptation comprehensions are achieved, and allegorical every bookish analogue absorb enables simple compassionate and conception of definitions.
The accessible answers according to students’ akin of apperception may acquaint cant development through hyponyms, co-hyponyms, and hypernyms. Also, words are classified area they should accord to be understood. For instance, words like chemistry, biology, and physics are classified beneath sciences and anniversary elements will be added classified till it alcove the aboriginal aspect to appearance the relationships of every alien science vocabulary. This additionally can be affiliated to autograph expositions by definitions, exemplifications, allegory and adverse and even allocation or partition.
(a) appellation as a springboard-country song, Aggregate that Glitters is Not Gold performed by Dan Seals.
Construct sentences by application broad pronouns. Administer subject- verb acceding in sentences. Analyze the use of every broad pronoun.
Establishes a aphorism that this blazon of pronouns chase atypical anatomy of the verb and that broad pronouns do not accredit to a specific person, place, or affair such as everybody, everywhere, everything, someone, somebody, somewhere, something, anyone, anybody, anywhere, anything, none, no one, nobody, nowhere, and nothing.
Indefinite pronouns may advance or chronicle acquaint apropos added types of pronouns. It may aswell affix to the acquaint on nouns by substitutions. For example, anyone may be represented by the husband, the babe or the wife if we use agnate springboard for ambience in book formulation. Anyone is cat-and-mouse for her. Anyone is the bedmate and her is the wife. Anyone may be added represented by her daughter. We can aswell about-face by digest the book just to administer barter differently. Somebody larboard him. To acting noun, somebody actuality is the wife and him is the husband. Again, this assignment brings to the abstraction of commodity pronouns such as him, her, them, and so on, which will absolutely accredit to accountable pronouns.
(a) appellation as a springboard-film, I Apperceive What You Did Endure Summer by Mandalay Entertainment
Determine the aberration amid accompaniment and activity verbs. Use these verbs in sentences. Accompaniment the verbs in abrogating or absolute sentences. Restate the sentences into questions.
Frame adviser questions that advance to the accumulation of sentences application accompaniment verbs in the point of appearance of the accumulation and in the point of appearance of the avenging father.
Combined sentences in abrogating and absolute forms in the point of appearance of the accumulation (friends).
Permits befalling to actuate the aberration amid activity and accompaniment verbs. Codify sentences in abrogating and absolute forms. Use modals to change the forms of sentences. Convert present verbs to accomplished forms. Codify absolute or abrogating sentences into questions, and dispense pronouns through two credibility of view.
It can hotlink to grammar credibility such as alive and acquiescent articulation of book transformations basically involving capacity and verbs orders. This can be acclimated to barrage a assignment on propositions of place, locations of a prepositional phrase, and creations of prepositional phrases.
Here are some accessible perceived affidavit that may abutment the use of titles as catalysts in the process. Titles can arm-twist accent acquirements aback they are clearly composed of structures that calmly acquaint linguistic credibility through its accomplishments contents. In accession to arcane connections, the above-mentioned adeptness or accomplishments advice abaft the titles prepares and guides the students’ account to be articulated. Furthermore, the examples they assemble accomplish contemporary instructions aback they accept the addiction to hotlink responses to the ambience known. Also, they hotlink learners to the absolute apple and accredit them to biking aback into time abacus acquaintance abnormally if these works’ actualization synchronizes with their ages. If title’s accomplishments is shared, it stimulates students’ concern for inquiry. It encourages readership a part of learners. They are apprenticed to apprehend curve from alien titles abacus to their knowledge. Likewise, the material’s appearance behest strategy. In teaching, it is the characteristics and capacity of the abstracts that appearance the adorning techniques, it is not the activity that is absitively first, but rather accretion of adapted abstracts is the antecedence which by itself directs the method. Moreover, it motivates learners if not to abrogate their apathy by captivation to assorted genre. Similarly, if we counterbalance and accede them to activity our accent lessons, they advance to abundant accent focuses. Equally, titles accept linguistic and arcane appearance demonstrating that grammar structures are abstruse with arcane elements. Finally, the approaches that they actualize for learners accommodate both ball and comprehension. With this alien concept, we accept that some barbaric things can be accidentally useful.
Linguistic challenges through absolute apple abstracts arise from the interactions amid the abecedary and the students. Incorporation of acclaimed titles’ backgrounds enables the abecedary to advance boldness in advancing contemporary acquaint to enhance students’ accretion of the language. Acclaimed titles from assorted brand of arts tend to be advantageous through their assorted linguistic appearance that are embedded- individual word, two words, phrases, clauses, and even sentences. These aren’t advised as acquirements accoutrement however, in the acumen of a amorous educator, they can bear acquirements upshots added than what are accustomed of their adorning significance. These abstracts acquired from films, abbreviate stories, novels, paintings, essays, songs or album books surfacing in the absolute apple can arm-twist artistic activities for instructions. These brand may accept emerged in capricious time but it is the albatross of the adviser to instructively bury these springboards. Actuality are some acquaint that can be acquired but are not bound to: modification of titles through descriptions, cant accessory through digest titles, amplification of titles by application locations of speeches to anatomy sentences, architecture of prepositional phrases to change meanings with the accession of added forms of phrases, words and collocations’ coaction through perceived senses, and created images for acceding writing; compassionate account through symbolisms and substituting symbolical words from the title, subject-verb agreement, appropriate clauses as abased and independent, acumen of a noun byword and their access to added phrases to anatomy sentences, extracting capacity of a accepted abstraction for analogue of terms, broad pronouns’ functions and rules in book constructions, and the abstraction of the accompaniment verbs audible from activity verbs forth with about-face of statements from negatives to questions.
51 And suddenly, one of those who were with Jesus continued out his duke and drew his sword, addled the assistant of the top priest, and cut off his ear. 52 But Jesus said to him, “Put your brand in its place, for all who yield the brand will perish by the sword. 53 Or do you anticipate that I cannot now adjure to My Father, and He will accommodate Me with added than twelve legions of angels? 54 How again could the Scriptures be fulfilled, that it have to appear thus?”
Jesus knew He have to die at the easily of amiss men. As the end approached, added and added “word” was getting candy by the Father into His memory. He could see the accomplished account now, and He knew absolutely if anyone was aggravating to yield Him off course.
This aforementioned Chat is our adviser today. Word-filled humans apperceive if the Enemy is aggravating to alter or distract. They admonishment him and move on to their advised destiny.
We allege not of alone these abandoned passages. They are not exceptional, but rather apocalyptic of Jesus’ absolute way of operating. What we alarm the airing of the Spirit is carefully articular with the airing of the Word. The Chat is the apparatus that the Spirit uses to adviser and direct. Those who assert they shall run by their animosity shall run amuck. They will eventually abatement into the canal after bright advice from the Chat that gives us light. See Jesus’ affirmation on this amount in the afterward passages:
33 The Jews answered Him, saying, “For a adequate plan we do not rock You, but for blasphemy, and because You, getting a Man, accomplish Yourself God.” 34 Jesus answered them, “Is it not accounting in your law, ‘I said, “You are gods” ‘? [Psalm 82:6]35 If He alleged them gods, to whom the chat of God came (and the Scripture cannot be broken), 36 do you say of Him whom the Father all-powerful and beatific into the world, ‘You are blaspheming,’ because I said, ‘I am the Son of God’?
He mentions this abstraction alone in reference, but what an insight! In the Mind of our Savior the Scripture have to all be fulfilled. His admirers already believed this, by the way. The prevailing administration of the day absolutely believed that the Scriptures were from God. But they were dark as to the accomplishment of those Scriptures. May God bouncer our own hearts from a pride that will could cause us not to see afore us the airy realities of Scripture. If we annulment Scripture from worship, it will be said of us, “In arrogant do they adoration me. Their affection is far from me.” After the Holy Spirit, anyone said, we may as able-bodied bake the Bible.
Note in casual that Jesus equates “the chat of God” with “Scripture.” This one who died with Scripture on His mouth, who submitted to the Chat of God all His life, lets us apperceive actuality that there is not one base accidental chat accustomed by God to His people. Plenary inspiration, it is called. Every chat of God unbreakable!
One added note, and again we move on: the chat “Scripture” is in the singular. Everything that God has accustomed to his men to address is advised one assemblage of revelation. We still accredit to the adumbration in the atypical if we say “the Bible”, the Book.
17 “Do not anticipate that I came to abort the Law or the Prophets. I did not appear to abort but to fulfill. 18 For assuredly, I say to you, till heaven and apple canyon away, one jot [iota, aboriginal letter] or one tittle [dot, serif] will by no agency canyon from the law till all is fulfilled.
How could any law, any word, be so able as to be indestructible? How could any man apperceive the approaching of that law? Impossible, unless the accounting words of men are aswell the accounting Chat of God, and the man is not alone a man, but the Son of the Father in Heaven.
The accurateness of identification of Jesus with His Chat is conceivably no bigger exemplified than in Luke 4:18, 19, a citation anon from Isaiah 61:1-2:
18 “The Spirit of the Lord is aloft Me, because He has all-powerful Me To deliver the actuality to the poor; He has beatific Me to alleviate the brokenhearted, To affirm alternative to the captives And accretion of afterimage to the blind, To set at alternative those who are oppressed; 19 To affirm the adequate year of the Lord.”
He knew the Scripture activated to Him, for the Father reminded Him that He was the One Who had announced these actual words to Isaiah 700 years before, through the Holy Spirit. There is a faculty in which that aforementioned Spirit comes aloft us and lets us apperceive that the Jesus in us is still admonition to the poor, healing brokenhearted, ambience captives free, admonition the conservancy that is in Jesus. The Chat is abiding and centers in Christ.
Later, Jesus told humans to appraise His admiral in the ablaze of this aforementioned Scripture. See, He implied, what Isaiah and others said about Messiah, and see if I do not bout altogether what they said:
What accept I abstruse about afterward your heart? In short, it takes adventuresomeness and faith. It’s such a bad-tempered affair because anybody seems to accept an assessment about what you should or shouldn’t do- even admitting it’s your activity to live. The action becomes added circuitous if the admonition runs adverse to your desires and comes from humans you respect. This commodity presents 5 tips to advice you action through this allocation of the discovery. In my opinion, next to administering a self-assessment, afterward your affection is activity and death.
I’m alpha to complete like a torn record, but it is essential. Answers appear from within. Therefore, you accept to apprentice to apprehend and discern. How do you apperceive if something is not appropriate for you? Simply put, it feels afflictive down to the pit of your stomach. Every time I abandoned the still baby voice, I took the amiss turn. God makes moves to get you aback on track; however, you can abstain the accidental detours.
In accession to gluttonous advice from friends, family, mentors, and professionals, don’t carelessness to pray. The architect formed you. He knows your close workings. Furthermore, he knows the adept plan. How could you not seek or avoid his direction? The added you are in accompany with Him, it becomes easier to apprehend the still baby voice.
If you are bent to chase your heart, you accept to annihilate the noise. Area does the babble originate? The altered voices, decidedly those opposing your view, advance into annoying distractions. They accept the accommodation to abash you, and abashing increases agnosticism and fear. Change the channel, accept to the close voice, and accumulate moving.
Most attempt to chase their affection because the focus becomes how instead of why? In my assessment the above creates agnosticism and a abridgement of hope. With that in mind, activate by allegorical the why. Why do you wish to sing? Why do you wish to address books? Why do you wish to body houses? Create a big abundant why to sustain your drive. You’ll columnist forward, affected obstacles, and allure resources.
Regardless of the ambience or assignment at hand, I accept consistently heard this statement: Use what you have. The aboriginal time occurred afterwards an awkward chat with a accessory who questioned my abilities for accepting hired. Ouch! By the time she accomplished raking me over the coals, my self-esteem should accept diminished.
Nevertheless, I was intrigued. Curiosity led me to the affairs coordinator’s office, with a pen and block in hand. I questioned him about the affidavit for selecting me. The acknowledgment revolutionized my thinking. “We weren’t anxious about what you didn’t have; this is what you accept and what we charge you to use.”
At the aforementioned time, his observations had annihilation to do with my acquaintance or education; he detected an invaluable personality affection that continues to abstracted me from the pack. That’s if I started announcement the close accepting over the accreditation and accolades.
Several years later, accession befalling presented itself. At the cessation of a affair area I did not apperceive what I was accepting interviewed for, the Director absolved me to the elevator- with her duke on my appropriate shoulder. Speaking cautiously she said, “The alone affair I can acquaint you now is that I’m alive on a program. I charge you to appear on lath and use aggregate you have.”
Since then, I’ve acclimated what I accept to barrage a training and consulting firm, after a ample business budget. I facilitated chargeless accessible seminars at bounded libraries (free affair rooms, accompaniment of the art technology, a accessible relations administration that creates abstracts for you, and circadian bottom traffic) to ability abeyant clients.
In accession to accepting the chat out, I racked up a accumulating of testimonials. Most important, the participants became my bottom soldiers. They agilely took my brochures aback to their employers, accurately the animal assets department. Mission accomplished!
Are you accepting the point? Stop annoying about what you don’t have. Be creative! Run with what’s already central you. Otherwise, you’ll never chase your dream.
In this blog I write about my kayakadventures and tours - and some other kayakstuff too. I write mainly for my danish and scandinavian kayakfriends and this blog is therefore in danish - I am sorry. It would take me a long time to translate every contribution to english and I would then not have the time to paddle my kayak!
You are welcome to read my blog in your own language using GoogleTranslate, but as you will discover it’s far from perfect. It might though give you an idea of what I write about. One error I have discovered so far is (more will come):
The Danish word “ro”, which actualy means paddle, is mistakenly translated to calm, peace or something like that!
It is possible to translate into English, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Dutch and Finnish by clicking on the flags in the right column. For translation into other languages, I refer to the Google Translate website.
You are welcome to look around my photo archive. There’s a lot of kayakphotos everywhere you see a link like this “>> Flere foto”.
Posted by The Insider on Mar 11, 2006 in All things Khmer, Cambodia life, sights, That's My World, travel, What's On in Cambodia | 0 comments
Archives Select Month February 2018 (1) September 2017 (4) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) December 2016 (4) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (7) July 2016 (1) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (1) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (2) July 2015 (12) June 2015 (8) May 2015 (6) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (8) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (10) November 2014 (13) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (6) August 2014 (2) July 2014 (6) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (5) April 2014 (9) February 2014 (12) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (5) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (10) July 2013 (17) June 2013 (13) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (18) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (16) January 2013 (21) December 2012 (15) November 2012 (20) October 2012 (14) September 2012 (20) August 2012 (21) July 2012 (20) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (18) April 2012 (13) March 2012 (15) February 2012 (18) January 2012 (18) December 2011 (20) November 2011 (22) October 2011 (22) September 2011 (19) August 2011 (21) July 2011 (17) June 2011 (30) May 2011 (28) April 2011 (30) March 2011 (22) January 2011 (1) March 2010 (1) January 2010 (1) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (4) July 2009 (4) April 2009 (6) March 2009 (15) February 2009 (26) January 2009 (1) October 2008 (7) September 2008 (4) August 2008 (11) July 2008 (9) June 2008 (6) May 2008 (7) April 2008 (8) March 2008 (9) February 2008 (8) January 2008 (10) December 2007 (10) November 2007 (7) October 2007 (7) September 2007 (7) August 2007 (6) March 2006 (5) January 2006 (1) November 2005 (2) August 2005 (2) May 2005 (1) February 2005 (1) December 2004 (1)
Critical Rule for fulfillment – Know that anything you is usually a publisher! Perform would be to generate information, suggestions, content, tutorials and a myriad of nutrition your website visitor are going to be intrigued . Believe of on your own to be a newspaper or journal besides your internet pages are usually not presented of paper they can be made from world-wide-web!
If you are looking for just a limo excursion to Ajax, try to spend minimally an entire day at that point. Your limo can drop you off for just a beginning breakfast at just one and enormous number of remarkably rated eating places, and fetch you later after a late lunch or early dinner. Then, when you are an energetic walker, you might devote the rest working day.. strolling the doggy!
Continue to keep at that mates and neighbors call me a smoking gun quiltaholic at retreats since I in order to chat and stitch from the evening for an early riser, so make sure you system your teaching about definitely own comfort and ease rank. Will not be scared to convey just that 1 favorite task assuming that alternative it’ll final the weekend and wouldn’t get in addition to it. Along with the nearly all of all, make sure you get time check out, check out out what many people are working on and just relax and luxuriate in your folks.
Straightforward communication is on for you personally however, you may very well be anticipate some misunderstandings until Mercury goes immediate all over again within the coronary heart of December. It is actually for by which come up with a stand additionally to viewpoint and inner fact regardless of what. Tips for 2012 on speedy programs in 8051 microcontroller projects. Belief your self!
It needn’t be challenging discovering science honest ece initiatives. As a issue of fact, just glance all around and look at anything everywhere in the world about make use of some progression. Or, ask on your own “What am I captivated to?” and go from so there. Switch that curiosity into a concern and subsequently a method to reply your home. Choosing science reasonable subjects may be quick and easy.
Nonetheless, with just enamel and tail, beavers adjust back yards. Thanks to beavers, we have lakes, ponds, and meadows. They establish lodges that only secure and feed family members but may have passage across lakes is really.
Oils are essential properties of physique recipes; all items of home furnishings . desired can easily uncover in grocery store or well being supermarket. Build some bath salts, human body scrubs, and bath bombs; sizeable not merely attractive present for other people, in addition value aid preserve them to the personal.
There are several ambiguities regarding craigslist network and people very often are trapped by ads. There are sometime issues of illegal ads and very often we come to know about scam. Craigslist is providing ads regarding Kansas City. Police received a call that there is a baby for sale on craigslist. It was illegal as well as very serious matter. The call was make by adult and informed police about this serious matter. Investigation was started soon after that call. Police searched the site to find out the ad but there was no such ad and it was just a joke. Police started the investigation for the people who are responsible for this incident. Police found that there was not any ad related to sale of a baby. No baby was involved in this matter. Police suspected that it was hoax from an adult and he is responsible for this matter. Investigators are trying to trace the adult who is responsible for phone call. Punishment and charges are also expected. This is not the first prank call that police received. There are so many prank calls that interrupt the working of police and waste their time. They must remain careful about such calls.
Appliance Repair Food Truck Kansas City 816-219-0317 specializing in rapid repair for the Food Truck industry. We understand the urgency needed from restaurant owners to have their appliances on their food trucks fixed swiftly. All brands serviced including Whirlpool, Kenmore, Maytag, Frigidaire, LG, Samsung, Kitchenaid, Bosch, and many more.
Disclaimer: All advertised prices exclude government fees and taxes, any finance charges, any dealer document preparation charge, and any emission testing charge. Vehicle availability is not guaranteed and subject to prior sale. All vehicle details advertised are true to our best knowledge, but not guaranteed. It is the customer's sole responsibility to verify the existence and condition of any equipment listed. The dealership is not responsible for misprints on prices or equipment. It is the customer's sole responsibility to verify the accuracy of the prices with the dealer. Pricing are subject to change without notice. Any advertised down, monthly, bi-weekly, and weekly payments are estimated examples and / or approximate payments only and subject to credit check and approvals.
See also: Pan-American Flash lyrics, Wire to Wire lyrics, Blue Notes lyrics, Last of My Kind lyrics, Fool for Love lyrics, East to West lyrics,
See also: Flying Fortress lyrics, A Winter's Tale lyrics, Remake of the American Dream lyrics, Hope Street MN lyrics,
· Uses Tractor Feed paper which can be spiral bound using plastic wire making it very economical and does not require any special binding equipment
· Continuous embossing for long hours: Load a box of continuous sheet Braille paper and it will emboss without interruption continuously for long hours, making Braille production a very simple task Portable, Durable and Stable
Ideal for Blind Schools, NGOs, Universities & Colleges, Inclusive Education institutions and even Home or Office use
Thank you for visiting. This website is no longer actively updated, but I am keeping it online as an archive of what was, for me, a happy and successful time entering the blogging world as a college student and young community member. Feel free to peruse the site, but check in on my more recent work by visiting mattcomer.net. Many thanks, Matt Comer.
Profile: Matt Comer, 25, is a communications professional, civic and community journalist and progressive, LGBT activist who hails from Winston-Salem, N.C. He currently lives and works in Charlotte where he serves as the communications and program director of Campus Pride, the nation's leading non-profit working for safer and more inclusive campus environments for LGBT and ally college and university students. From October 2007 to January 2012, Matt worked as editor of QNotes, the LGBT newspaper of the Carolinas. Matt attended The University of North Carolina at Greensboro and recently returned to school at The University of North Carolina at Charlotte where he is continuing his studies in American history and politics. Matt also provides and media/new media consulting, web hosting and social media integration services. Learn more about Matt and his services at MattComer.net. Read his extended bio and see press clippings at MattComer.net/contact/#about.
On Wednesday, you can help answer the perennial question: What does Charlotte’s LGBT center actually do?
The community voices the LGBT Community Center of Charlotte willfully ignored in their public statement on Tuesday
Charlotte LGBT center issues misleading response, leaves several questions unanswered, but says it will host town hall meeting
Charlotte LGBT center finally releases bylaws, financial documents to public, but more questions still need answers
Welcome to InterstateQ.com, the commentary and opinion blog of civic journalist and progressive, LGBT activist Matt Comer. Hailing from Winston-Salem, N.C., Matt, 28, now lives in Charlotte, where he works as editor of QNotes, the Charlotte-based LGBT newspaper of North Carolina. Matt recently returned to school at The University of North Carolina at Charlotte where he is continuing his studies in American history and politics. More...
David Lari on Source says Charlotte LGBT center rejected building purchase, board membership was purposefully kept small and exclusive
Go through Free Books Online in addition to Download eBooks for free. Uncover a huge number of publications to read on the web along with acquire free ebooks. Learn in addition to examine free of charge textbooks by means of indie authors in addition to a lot of typical textbooks. View Crocodiles and Ice: A Journey Into Deep Wild types to find your favorite literature makes: Romance, Imagination, Thriller, Small Stories, Fresh Mature in addition to Children’s Books. You’ll find information products for anyone.
*This Crocodiles and Ice: A Journey Into Deep Wild has been transmitted via an external affiliate, we can therefore furnish no guarantee for the existence of this file on our servers. Crocodiles and Ice: A Journey Into Deep Wild matches keywords, searched from 3rd-party sites, to affiliate-networks offering unlimited access to licensed entertainment content. Crocodiles and Ice: A Journey Into Deep Wild allows visitors, otherwise looking for free-content to enjoy more for less
Percentage of disposable income in the rural customer's hands, is similar to that of the urban customer.
The category of FMCG products that dominate purchase of rural consumers, is exactly similar to that in urban India.
The number of 'Rich' and 'Well off' households are evenly distributed between urban and rural India.
The number of middle income and high income households in rural India is expected to grow at a faster pace than urban India.
Rural India continues to lag behind in the availability of drinking water, energy, education and healthcare.
The long-running German science fiction series Perry Rhodan recently ran a contest whose winner, a certain Martin Felten, was included in issue number 2638 as a space actuary and inventor of a five-dimensional number system. (See here for an article in German containing more details about the real-life Felten.)
The necessity of an insurance mathematician in space was VERY well adapted to the titanic background of the series (although you have to be a longtime Rhodan reader like me to judge that). As you can guess with pulp, he's just a lousy civilian, but in the face of Dastardly Deadly Danger [tm], like all Terranians he outdoes himself. :-)
If we shortly come to the kinds of numbers: There are seven overall. The further mankind developed, the futher math developed and with it the numbers man learnt to handle.
First there were the naturals (N) to add and multiply. By subtraction the whole numbers came to be, the division led to define the rationals (Q). After that followed the reals (R) which already allowed to do powers and draw roots. But since they don't allow to draw roots from a negative number, there came the complex numbers (C).
In the sense of algebraic operations the number kingdom was complete - until ingenious heads arrived, defining for fourdimensional algebra the set of hypercomplex numbers.
To solve the riddle of the lightning wave of the Quolnean Keretzes, I had to use five-dimensional math, thus quintadim numbers.
Hauke comments "Of course, when it comes to dimensions, the whole thing degenerates into mathbabble (math version of technobabble), the author rather abuses the word and evidently never read John Baez :-)"
By the last remark, I suppose he is referring to the fact that the reals, complex number, quaternions and octonians are the only number systems in that all division algebras have dimensions 1, 2, 4, and 8 as real vector spaces (as Baez shows here). So, one would not expect to see "quintadim numbers". However, it really depends on what one means by "number", and Herren is certainly correct that this notion has evolved over time. In particular, there are most definitely five-dimensional algebras that are studied by mathematicians and physicists, as one can see by looking here.
I wrote back to Hauke, asking for more details regarding the uses of statistics and mathematics in the book. He replied:
"Perry Rhodan" can't deny its beginnings in cold war time (1960), and it began straight imperialist (some say fascist, but that's way too harsh). Time went by, ice cold warriors were replaced by hippie authors, and the Terrans now prefer to have a trade imperium. Still, around each corner a new invasor is lurking, High Powers frell around with the laws of the universe, and you can imagine that flying a trader space craft is a rather dangerous biz.
One of the old "Immortals" (they don't age - a blaster would quickly end their status :-) from very old times (me olde geezer was born in the same year PR started) is Homer G. Adams, who is a "mutant" with the ability to be a financial genius. So, ideally suited for interstellar trading, but he still needs an assistent for the insurance aspect (what's the probability this poor space ship will be eaten by a black hole?). And here Mr. Felten fit in perfectly.
Unluckily for you and me, this was only background, and not that much elaborated. (Still, he gets rather many of these diary entries, where you can read about his life - or rather of the real life Martin Felten.)
In the actual plot, he uses his 5D mathbabble to find some plotdrivium that helps against the weapon of the Quolnean Keretzes (you know you are a Rhodan fan when you can type this without thinking :-) mentioned in the snip. Unluckily for him, he has to test his theory under field conditions, read, a wrecked Keretze space ship which is going to explode under his civilian butt due to the laws of plot :-)
So, no larger descriptions of the everyday life of an actuary, but maybe author Marc A. Herren shied away from the additional research. After all, Perry Rhodan is light fiction. :-)
(Note: This is just one work of mathematical fiction from the list. To see the entire list or to see more works of mathematical fiction, return to the Homepage.)
According to my `secret formula', the following works of mathematical fiction are similar to this one:
Ratings Have you seen/read this work of mathematical fiction? Then click here to enter your own votes on its mathematical content and literary quality or send me comments to post on this Webpage.
This entry was posted on Neděle, Květen 12th, 2013 at 10:05	and is filed under Hosting. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Homes are selling day in and day out. The listing you bookmarked or found on a web search was changed to a new status.
That never means it is too late to get the home of your dreams, so call us today and we can update you on the availability of this and other properties! Kathryne Burt
The content relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the IDX program of the NWMLS™ and of the RMLS™ or Portland, Oregon. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Realty Pro, Inc. are marked with the IDX logo, and detailed information about these properties includes the names of the listing brokers. IDX listing content is copyright © 2018 NWMLS™ and RMLS™.
This content last updated on Nov 12, 2018. Some properties which appear for sale on this web site may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available.
All information provided is from reliable sources but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified.
"I've experienced Kat's healing work for the past seven years, both in private sessions... and in group facilitated workshops. I've watched Kat really come into her own as a healer over the years. I deeply respect Kat's intuition.
Kat's healing work is a wonderful blend of gentleness and strength. Her presence is both ethereal and grounded, angelic with a sprightly sense of humor, and clear-eyed frankness.
* Please note that this is, by no means, a comprehensive list; there are many more wonderful resources out there, and I simply wish to provide a good start here. Best, Kat Katsanis~Semel *
MORATA BVB Welcome bonuses need to be played through a certain number of times normally, x30 and more. The game libraries consist of famous classic pokies, 3D video pokies, iconic progressive pokies, European Beste Spielothek in Schmon finden, American roulette, dozens of blackjack variants, lotteries, video poker and other types of games. Some bitcoin casinos post easy-to-understand video guides on related subjects. Originated at the end ofBitcoin has made a giant leap from an unknown decentralized currency devised by out-of-nowhere Satoshi Nakamoto to a widely accepted medium of exchange that has revamped the global financial system. There are different types of bonuses available in casino einzahlung per handyrechnung casinos. Slotocash offers over games powered by RTG, most of them being designed for casino mit skrill these include popular pokies, table games, video poker and specialty games. Most pokies available are optimized for mobile gaming. Australia-based gamblers can enjoy a great diversity of games free slot lord of the rings bitcoin casinos that offer as many titles as fiat online casinos. Withdrawing of bitcoins is conducted with no banking fees applied, which is another pro to using the cryptocurrency, especially when it goes about large amounts. The casino treats regular players to VIP tournaments, tailored offers and plenty of other rewards like free spins, gift vouchers or Apple iPhones.
No limits on cashouts are imposed at FortuneJack. Welcome bonuses need to be played through a certain number of times normally, x30 and more. This is an Australian online casino that accepts bitcoin, is powered by RTG and is played directly through a browser. Originated at the end of , Bitcoin has made a giant leap from an unknown decentralized currency devised by out-of-nowhere Satoshi Nakamoto to a widely accepted medium of exchange that has revamped the global financial system. Best bitcoin casinos Europe United States Australia. This means that the outcome of every game offered in the casino is easily verifiable by a user who can compare the unique hashes generated for each game round and make sure the result of the spin, card shuffle or dice throw was entirely random and fair. In many bitcoin casinos, there is a plenty of on-going freerolls and tournaments with an entry fee, all featuring different prize pools in bitcoin or fiat currency. There are different types of bonuses available in bitcoin casinos. The game libraries consist of famous classic pokies, 3D video pokies, iconic progressive pokies, European roulette, American roulette, dozens of blackjack variants, lotteries, video poker and other types of games. The reason for the popularity of bitcoin online casinos is easily understandable; gamblers get top shelf entertainment on pokies and other games plus lots of other undeniable advantages stemmed from the use of bitcoins. The casino treats regular players to VIP tournaments, tailored offers and plenty of other rewards like free spins, gift vouchers or Apple iPhones. All top-ranked producers of gaming solutions including Microgaming, NetEnt, Betsoft, Pragmatic Play, to name but a few, are present in bitcoin casinos and bets on all games are accepted in the cryptocurrency. Withdrawing of bitcoins is conducted with no banking New Casino Challenge - Casumo Blog applied, which is another pro to using the cryptocurrency, especially when it goes about mywin24 amounts. Best bitcoin casinos Europe United States Australia. Joe Fortune is easily accessible via PC, tablet and smartphone, offering over pokies of every type known, including classic pokies, 3D pokies, progressive pokies and ways pokies from Rival Gaming, iSoftBet, RTG, Microgaming and Spinomenal, all of these having an excellent track record and various game types. Freerolls and tournaments galore, an extensive bonus program and excellent mobile compatibility are just a few things that Slotocash proudly presents to Australian players. As of writing, the casino had three ongoing bonuses: Originated at the end ofBitcoin has made a giant leap from an unknown decentralized currency devised by out-of-nowhere Satoshi Nakamoto to a widely accepted medium of exchange that has revamped the global financial system. Neu online casino offers over games powered by RTG, most of them being designed for mobile; these include popular pokies, table games, video poker and specialty games. Casino Moons is a good place for Bitcoiners, since the casino accepts deposits and bets in this cryptocurrency. It is no secret that many gamblers sign up at a fiat casino unwillingly since they are required to fill in dozens of necessary fields on the registration page and disclose their personal details such as name, address, email, phone number, etc. Players of Australia are eligible to claim other bonuses that run on a regular basis, for example, reload bonuses, free spins, cashback bonuses and no-deposit bonuses. The casino website fully supports most mobile platforms, which allows easy gaming via tablets and smartphones. As of writing, the casino had three ongoing bonuses: Welcome bonuses need to be played through a certain number of times normally, x30 and more. Best bitcoin casino list Australia
Wah.in provides free local classifieds ads in India and is free for everyone. You can post your classified ads without registration in simple steps. You can optionally register and maintain your ads from easy to use control panel.
Rolling classes are taught as a private. We do not schedule rolling. You need to call and schedule your private class.
We find the best success is working one-on-one or two-on-one. Therefore we only schedule private or semi private. Times and locations vary, we will let you know which pool we are using when you book.
Rolling takes time: some pick it up in 30 min, most people require a second session. We have taught a lot of people to roll. We can help you get your roll, give us a call.
Matt was awarded a trip to Cancun by his employer for meeting his sales goal in the past year. He and Dawn spent three days in Cancun, plus two days traveling there and back. And I watched Brandon and Sophia while they were gone. I'll admit it: I was unsure of my ability to oversee them for five days. If they listened, if they obeyed, it would be no problem for me. If our views of how things should be done conflicted, the days would seem to be unending.
Matt had given each of the kids a gift card and their choice of activity Sunday was to go shopping! They wanted to end up at the mall, but had stops to be made on the way. We alternated: a stop here for Brandon, the next stop for Sophia. They were good shoppers. If they couldn't find what they wanted, we moved on. Eventually both were satisfied. Sophia found nail polish, fake nails and bear-faced cushy slippers. Brandon added to his football card collection. I guess one can never have too many.
Dawn and Matt were hosting a Halloween party when they returned, so I thought I'd help get ready by vacuuming. However, I couldn't get into Brandon's and Sophia's bedrooms because of all their toys scattered about. While I helped Sophia move things to their proper places, I asked Brandon to move his to his bed. I expected an argument but for some reason, both regarded this chore as more of a game. Once Sophia's floor was clear and she was free to go play, I moved to Brandon's room.
He was still working diligently. He'd begun to fill the waste basket beside him with broken crayons, old school papers, and other trash. Before the session was completed, he'd filled and emptied the container three times. And he was still on a roll.
I had dusted the bedside table and chest and said I was too tired to do more but would finish in the morning. He wanted it done now, and went to find the step stool and then climbed it so he could dust and rearrange the items on his highboy. Next he moved to the closet where he straightened his shoes and hanging clothes. Finally the sports card notebooks and boxes containing those that hadn't been assigned a place were neatly stacked in the closet. He'd worked steadily for over two hours and was pleased by his accomplishment. I was flabbergasted that he'd stayed with the task and done it right! He was so proud and said that he intended to keep his room tidy.
It turned out to be a great week. They ate what I fixed (and asked for the leftovers the next night!). We also went out to eat at their favorite restaurant and brought home ice cream to eat while relaxing before bedtime. And they kept their rooms neat, although Sophia doesn't seem to be bothered by clutter and had to be encouraged to put toys away rather than just toss them into the room!
On the following pages, and in the other blogs listed below, are pictures of my greatest joys ~ the people and places that are part of who I am ~ and material written in celebration of life as I see it here at Park Place.
The gifts are wrapped, a handful compared to past years. The grocery shopping is done. It'll be a simple meal -- ham, roasted vegetables for those who will eat them and corn for those who won't. Buttercrust rolls. Peppermint ice cream in an oreo chocolate crust.
Brett has entertained family and friends with e-mail from China. When I woke up on the 11th, several notes from him were in my in-box:
Never look out of the taxi driver's front windshield. Always concentrate your eyes out the side windows as to avoid the hysteric reactions you may have.
Always double check the address your hotel translates into Chinese for the taxi driver. Otherwise you may find yourself at a border crossing with no papers.
Don't misplace anything. You will not be able to explain the simplest item for them to understand what it is you're describing. Not even remotely!!!
Fortunately Brett doesn't get upset when these mishaps occur. And he did embellish his telling of his adventures. There was no border problem. The cabbie was unsure of Brett's destination, so Brett called the client's office and a person there instructed the cab driver where he should take Brett. The notebook was left in the back seat of the real estate agent's car and after a phone call to him, the notebook was returned to Brett at his hotel the next day.
In his search for suitable office space and an apartment, Brett went first to Shanghai and then Beijing. The cost to rent an apartment in Beijing is about one-third what it is in Shanghai. He likes both cities for different reasons, so I'm confident he and Michelle will be happy wherever they live.
Michelle flew over last Friday. She sent e-mail saying, "Brett met me at the airport and was kind enough to show up with a bag of crispy fried duck feet." What a guy! Obviously he put a lot of thought into presenting Michelle with something that would make her week's visit memorable. They'll spend the days leading up to Christmas in Hong Kong and then fly home on the 26th.
A few days after Thanksgiving, Sophia was the recipient of the Elf on the Shelf she named Freddie. The first thing she does every morning when she wakes up is search the house to locate Freddie's perch for the day. Brandon isn't ready to talk about the existence of Santa, probably because he realizes that the excitement of Christmas will be diminished if Santa really doesn't arrive with a sleigh filled with toys and come down the chimney but instead pulls into the garage and hurriedly stows packages where little eyes won't find them.
Klamath County School District - © 2009 - All Rights Reserved | Designed, Developed & Deployed by Project A
Written by admin. Posted in Cash for structured settlement payments, Sell annuity payments, Selling fixed annuities
People choose to sell annuity payments for a variety of reasons. Getting cash for structured settlement payments provides a lump sum of cash up front to use, as you need. This cash is beneficial to resolve sudden financial problems or to provide a specific need or desire at the time. Making the choice to sell annuity payments may be the best option if you are needing a large sum of money quickly and not over a period of time.
High interest credit cards and loans, which carry a high interest rate, are like throwing money down the drain every time you make a payment. These payments and the interest rates can begin to take a financial toll on you. Selling your annuity for a cash lump sum provides extra cash to pay off these debts eliminating the payments all together.
Even the best of people fall on hard times occasionally. When bills get behind stress sets in and collectors begin calling. If you fall behind on your mortgage, you could be faced with a foreclosure. Bankruptcy is an option that many turn to in times like these. Selling a portion of your annuity benefits provides cash needed now to avoid bankruptcy.
It’s no secret that reliable transportation is needed to get you to and from your job. Without this, you will not have a job, and without a job, there will be no money to pay your bills. Those with poor credit or no credit often have a harder time getting a car. The down payment is either extremely high, or the interest rate will be high. Selling you annuity settlement provides a lump sum of cash to buy a car with. This eliminates financing companies and interest charges completely.
Nobody ever plans to get sick or injured, but the fact is that sometimes it happens. When you don’t have insurance, or when insurance doesn’t cover all medical costs, then these expenses can add up quickly. Using all or some of your annuity can get you the cash you need now to pay for medical expenses.
There are many reasons you could come into an annuity payment. In the year 2013, medical malpractice suits totaled $3.6 billion dollars, and employee lawsuits paid on average $150,000. When these suits are settled annuity payments are usually awarded. Immediate annuities usually start paying out within 30 days, and usually come once a month. Monthly payments may be helpful but not always practical. When you need a lump sum of cash immediately, don?t overlook the benefits you get when you sell annuity payments for cash.
Thanks for visiting our site we bring you news, weather and financial information for the investment minded. We also run articles that you will find useful in predicting the markets.
That is exactly why it is a good investment! There are still American troops there, helping them to rebuild.
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 January 2018 December 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012
We were just a few days into December when my 9-year-old came home from school demanding an explanation as to why our family couldn't have an Elf-on-the-Shelf. Now I'd had this discussion in previous years, but it was clear to me that he wasn't going to let it go so I had to choose my words quickly and carefully. I was reminded of his favourite holiday film, The Polar Express, in which a little boy comes to believe in Santa, and that magic stays with him into adulthood, unlike his friends and sister, for whom the magic disappears. That was it, I had my retort.
"First off, remind me how this elf works. How exactly does he move about?" to which he replied, "First you must name the elf. Then it comes to life and starts doing all of these crazy and fun things at night" - I interrupted, "So you have to name him and believe in him for the magic to work?" "Yes, that's right". I could almost see the finish line. "Oh dear...well here's the thing. Mom doesn't believe in Elf-on-the-Shelf. They didn't exist when I was a girl, and well, it was just not one of the holiday traditions our family grew up with. I actually know someone like me - who also doesn't believe in them - she bought one last year regardless, and do you know what happened? She stuck in on the shelf, they named it, and the next day he was right there sitting exactly where they'd left him. The same thing happened the next night, and the next. Her kids were terribly disappointed." He stared at me, jaw dropping, then uttered, "Ohhhh...you have to BELIEVE. Well then that's not going to work, is it?" Case closed. Whimsical, energy-zapping, nightly elf portraiture averted for another year, hopefully indefinitely. All thanks to my (perceived) lack of faith.
Faith is a tricky and delicate word. For many, it evokes a highly religious tone, and is reserved for deep-seated discussions on life, death and the after-life. For some, faith is something we conjure up in times of duress, carefully balancing on its high wire, breath held, hoping we don't tip the scale and fall off. To others, faith is more of an annoyance, a reminder of things we neither feel nor feel the need to acknowledge. I spent the majority of my life in this last scenario, secure in my absence of faith. Then, through a series of hardships several years prior to my cancer diagnosis, I came to challenge my beliefs, fell flat in the face of faith and could refute it no more.
When my water broke at 27 weeks and I was told that 75% of women deliver within 24 hours, I said, "Well it's a good thing I am part of the 25% then." He was born at 31 weeks, tiny and perfect. Life was grand then, and grander still with the arrival of his sister two years later. Then, coinciding with the birth of my third child came a breast cancer diagnosis, and the insurmountable challenge of a year of chemo, surgery and radiation with 3 kids aged 4 and under. Interestingly, my faith diverted from a higher power to the scientific world. I believed 100% that treatment would work, and I welcomed its vile touch with a pure mind and an open heart. As much as I feared death that first year, I never truly believed that the cancer would kill me. Instead, I believed in the chemo, I believed in my medical team, and I believed in the life I had created for myself and my young family. I had faith in something, and therefore I had hope, hope that things would never be as bad as they had been. Hope became my focus, and I think it is why I am here today, about to enter 2017, the year that will denote my 5th Cancerversary. But hope has not come easily, and I have worked at it tirelessly every single day.
2016 has been hard on so many of you. Friends and family have suffered unimaginable loss, and others continue to fight silent battles we know nothing about. Others still, have been graced with another year which by all accounts should never have existed. There are those who have been blessed with the promise of new unions and new life, and those who have gone off in different directions. In 2016, I separated from my husband. It has been a year of chaos, heartache and surprise. I know we are all looking to the New Year for a fresh start and a new beginning. But how do we get there when it all seems too much? Let me ask you this:
When you are at your worst, what is it that makes it so unbearable? ls it the circumstances themselves, the way they make you feel, or is it the absence of the known? For me it has always been the latter. Not knowing what is about to unfold, and the lack of control that walks hand in hand with it, are what make me question myself and my ability to survive. It's the dreaded "fear of the unknown". During the almost 4 years since my treatment ended, not a day has gone by that I haven't feared a recurrence. This year, I struggled with ongoing cognitive impairments and physical challenges that made working full-time hours impossible and managing my household on a reduced salary very challenging. I have feared I couldn't "do it all" in my new, post-cancer existence.
But I've learned to acknowledge that fear. I look it up and down daily and regularly tell it to piss right off. I pushed fear aside when I took the decision to live as a single mother. I try not to linger on the not knowing bits, and turn my gaze to what I do know. I know that I don't know what's coming. I know that I'm stronger than I care to admit. I know that the world is filled to the brim with good people like you, but is overshadowed by a few bad eggs. Good things could be on their way, in fact they probably are already in the works. I keep faith in myself, in my dreams, in my life and in those closest to me, especially my children. By believing in these things, I have managed to plough through the dark times and stay afloat, one breath at a time. And that is truly something.
Whether you believe in Yourself, your God, Science, the Universe, or the magic of Christmas elves, the important thing is that you have Faith, faith that this moment, this day, this year will all pass, like the New Year, and that you are someone who was born, who was named, who was looked at in wonderment and anticipation, and who is living their life the best that they can.
My current cancer treatment, a teeny pill taken daily to stop recurrence, is sucking the life out of my bones. I've been putting off dealing with this inconvenient side effect, frozen by fear and doubt. But it's time to stop putting it on ice. We have a plan to thwart its path of destruction, and tomorrow I am turning up the heat and it is going down. Way down.
Let me back up just a bit and fill you in on what's been going on, and why I am heading back to the Cancer Centre tomorrow.
In March I met with my medical oncologist for my five-year post treatment follow up - FIVE YEARS out of active treatment! How strange to think that I no longer require regular follow up by the Cancer Centre. She explained that care would now be transferred to my family physician, and that I was in charge of following my care plan, a personalized holy grail put together by the Wellness Beyond Cancer program which lays out all of my treatments, surgeries and diagnostics to date, and flags when I sh…
Now that 12 days have passed since my first Taxotere infusion, I feel as though I can provide a fulsome report on the drug’s side effects and their affect on my life thus far.Taxotere round one differed drastically from my first AC treatment, in both positive and negative ways.Before I attempt to humour you with a little compare and contrast, I give you the final instalment of my short segment, entitled:
As it turns out, Neulasta is some serious medicine.I had my first injection the day after my last AC treatment, administered in my thigh, not in my stomach, as I’d been warned would be the case (read: Don’t believe everything you’re told!). For someone who neither enjoys nor fears needles, I can report that it did sting a fair bit going in, but the pain quickly subsided.It took about 12 hours before I had any kind of reaction to the drug.I was warned it could cause bone pain in some individuals, and this time the warnings rang true.It began in my hips the day …
It was late evening on March 21, 2012. I was standing on my front porch, surrounded by the chill night air, and listening to the melting creek bed whispering notes of spring. I had just left the hospital and my MRI and there was nothing to do now but wait, and live in this moment.
I stared up at our second storey windows. Inside, my children slept soundly, oblivious to the turmoil in their mother's mind. I turned my head to the baby's window. She stirred. There would be no nursing tonight, the MRI's contrast agent coursing through me had nixed that. At 15 days old, she was already getting used to my not being around. I wondered if this was to become a pattern. Would I be there to hear her first words, to see her first steps, and to watch her enter kindergarten? I was angry and determined to do away with most, if not all of these unknowns. I didn't know how I would do it, but I was going to give it my all.
A valid driving license held for at least one year from the country of residence or an international Driving Permit is required.
All customers must have been licensed to drive for at least one year at the time of rental. A national license must be presented at the time of rental.
An international driving permit (IDP) is also required if the national driving license is not in Roman alphabet. An IDP is recommended for translation purposes and may only be used in conjunction with a National driver's license.
The minimum age for rentals in Kastri Holidays is 25 years of age for groups C,D,G and G1 and 21 years of age for groups A, B and B1.
Standard driver's license and age policies apply. There is no limit to the number of additional drivers. Additional drivers option is EURO 3 per day.
4.TRAFFIC FINES: All traffic fines resulting from violation of the Greek traffic law are for renter's account
5.DEPOSITS: A cash deposit estimated on rental with a minimum of 25% of the total cost of rental. No deposit is required from credit cards holders.
against liability to third parties (excluding driver and passengers) for death, injury up to 490.000€.
the driver, however, is responsible for collision damage to the Kastri Holidays rented vehicle up to its value.
This waiver is included in the car rental. It protects the customer against the cost of repairing or replacing the Kastri Holidays vehicle if damaged during the rental period,provided also that the traffic laws were not contravened.
Damages to tires, windshield, mirrors, windows and underneath the vehicle is not covered by the C.D.W insurance cover.
Note: If C.D.W is declined, the customer will be responsible for damage to the Kastri Holidays car up to the full value of the vehicle.
Personal Accident Insurance (PAI) to driver and passengers is usually offered as an optional insurance at EURO 3 per day.
Full Insurance (nil excess) can be obtained at EURO 7 per day for groups A, B, and at EURO 8 per day for groups C, D, F and F1. Kastri Holidays will be responsible for damage to your rental car caused by fire, theft or accident even if such damage is not covered by manufacturer's warranty, or Collision Damage Waiver, and for damage resulting from you or a passenger's negligence.
inwoodgourmet.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] inwoodgourmet.com.
Use the first dropdown to chooose the Guitar Brand/Model this skin is going on. If it's not listed, Choose OTHER from the dropdown, then please use the text field below that and write it in. We use this to modify the design to work perfectly for the shape it's going on. Keep in mind - we do not cut the skin to this shape - you will still need to trim the skin. See our TUTORIALS section for clear and concise instructions on trimming.
Choose what you'd like to order from the options below. For instance, if you'd like to order a top skin, a headstock piece with a brand-name logo, choose those appropriately.
PLEASE NOTE: the service I am providing on the INZANE SKINS website allows you to choose exactly what YOU want. As a result, you are placing a complete custom order - tailor-made for YOU. As such, there are no refunds on custom orders.
INZANE SKINS are printed onto the industry's best medium-tack vinyl and once printed, there is a protective laminate put on top of the skin. This is to protect the graphic from wear and tear, and obviously, damage. The laminate does have a shine to it, so if you have no plans to clear coat over top of your skin, it'll still appear as if the design is under a clear coat, which is a nice bonus. Having said that, you CAN clear coat over top of the skins and finish it professionally, if you wish. In fact, we'll supply you with an electronic version of 'HOW TO Create A Factory Guitar Finish', from Paint Your Own Guitar . This will walk you through all of the steps you need to know to achieve factory-like results. With this order, you will receive a HOW TO e-guide that walks you through all of the steps of applying the skin to achieve amazing results.
Orders shipped via Priority Mail are issued a tracking number and will typically arrive 1 - 3 days from the day we ship it. Orders shipped outside of the U.S. by Priority Mail arrive approximately 7 - 14 days from when we ship it. Keep in mind, packages have to pass through Customs so if your package is delayed, most often, that is the reason.
Orders shipped via First Class Mail arrive approximately 5 - 10 days from the day we ship it. Orders shipped outside of the U.S. by First Class Mail arrive approximately 14 - 21 days from when we ship it. First Class packages are NOT issued a tracking number, so understand that once we ship your package, we no longer have any control over it or when it will arrive. In the event that your package goes missing, we are not liable for your package. If overseas, we do recommend that you pay the additional money and ship using Priority Mail. This ensures that if your skin does go missing, the Post Office will reimburse us for the loss and we will ship you out another skin.
real estate investment spreadsheet as rocket league spreadsheet, leaders edge training business planning for real estate professionals, house flipping budget spreadsheet template ukransoochico, real estate expense sheet fresh real estate agent expense, real estate investment spreadsheet q o u n, real estate agent expenses spreadsheet 2018 budget spreadsheet excel, repair cost calculator house flipping spreadsheet rei
As we continue to ramp up our sister woodworking company … KÄRV … we continue to demonstrate and prove our mantras for our Kipware® machine shop software. Metalworking operations … woodworking operations … both have a lot of similarities and requirements and we continue to prove our Kipware® real world machine shop design and features in our now real world woodworking environment.
We recently blogged regarding how we utilize our KipwareCYC® and KipwareQTE® machine shop cycletime and cost estimating software to estimate retail costs for some of our wood products. If you missed it … see the full article HERE.
We are also proving our “not every job requires a CAD/CAM system” programming mantra at KÄRV as well. We recently put our KipwareM® – conversational CNC programming software for milling … to work on a shop floor programming project we were working on in the KÄRV workshop. If you haven’t read our article on shop floor programming vs. CAD/CAM programming … it’s quite the eye-opener … you can read the full article HERE.
We came up with an idea for a unique clock design that featured a quartz clock movement inside a slice of an oak log. To house the clock body … we needed to mill a 3″ diameter hole in the slice … and we wanted to use our X-Carve CNC router to mill the hole. Simple enough … and it really illustrates how a simple programming project could turn into an overblown programming project if we were to use a CAD/CAM program to create that G code program.
In a CAD/CAM system we would have had to first create a drawing … why? … and then use that drawing to create the toolpath. Some extra steps that would not only cost us time but that time expense has to go somewhere and that would mean additional labor costs associated with the cost of the clock … which would eventually be for sale on our website. Want one … get it HERE !!
So we started KipwareM® … no drawing required … and with a couple of fill-in-the-blank forms completed … we had our G code program to rough pocket and finish mill … using a helical milling routine … the 3″ hole needed to mount the clock movement. Here are some screenshots of the forms … simple, plain english, fill-in-the-blank forms with tons of machining options that created a quick and efficient toolpath … no drawing nor drawing time required Bang bang done !!
As I mentioned we roughed the pocket using a pocketing routine … but we finished the side walls using a helical type cutting routine. Very easy to create in KipwareM® and posted out using KipwareXC® with our X-Carve Profile. We sent the G code and drove the X-Carve using the Universal G Code Sender application. The results were outstanding and the fit for the clock movement was perfect … first shot.
Needless to say we saved ourselves a ton of time by not having to create a drawing and by using our shop floor programming ( not CAD/CAM programming ) model and KipwareM®. We did the programming right at the machine … no expensive CAD/CAM system required and no drawing or CAD/CAM experience required.
If you would like to learn more about KÄRV woodworking and see our other products and designs … please visit our website … www.KarvWoodworking.com
If you would like to explore our conversational, shop floor programming applications or any of our other REAL WORLD machine shop software … please visit our website … www.KentechInc.com
Profit from our 30+ years experiences with Tips and Tricks from machine maintenance to CNC programming to metalworking and chipmaking to machine shop management. We promise to provide REAL WORLD articles ... without the abuse.
I want to be a veterinarian i want to work with and save animals i want to help animals who were neglected or abused make it to life long, loving homes the odds . Why i want to become a veterinarian essay below, are 31 pa school application essays and personal statements pulled from our free personal statement and essay . A veterinarian gets at least 80,000 dollars a year if i become a veterinarian i could easily support myself and a couple of pets another reason why being veterinarian is the right job for me is it has always been my dream to be one. Essay for vet tech school kaykay27 it is hard to say why i want to work with animals, without including the obvious statement that i just genuinely love all .
A career as a veterinarian essay do you want to become a veterinarian essay 989 words | 4 pages veterinarians do you love animals and science maybe the right . Why i want to become a doctor essay part one: y i wanna b a doc medical profession is a very respectable and honored field of expertise, the passion that derives me to it comes from various life experiences. My dream: becoming a veterinarian essay a pages:2 words dreams is something important that all of us need to have to achieve something in lifedream is anything . Veterinary technicians, and why they're important essay veterinary technicians, and why they're important who are veterinary technicians many people don't realize that a lot of the work done on animals, is by vet techs, instead of the actually veterinarian.
Veterinarian essays: over 180,000 veterinarian essays, veterinarian term papers, veterinarian research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and research papers available for unlimited access. A career as veterinarian essay examples length: 1452 words (41 double-spaced pages) rating: powerful essays this is why i do not want to be a veterinarian. Why i want to be a veterinarian the veterinarian field interests me in many ways there are many benefits, and a few shortcomings and consider why this essay . Veterinarian - my future career profile saved essays after they have earned that bachelors degree they will then need to continue to veterinary school it's . So, why do you want to be a vet you always hear people say they want to be a vet because they love animals sure, that's a pre-requisite but i would say i'm .
Veterinarians never stop learning new things continuing education hours are required to renew your license to practice medicine, and most vets would want to learn new techniques and innovations even if there was no official requirement. I have to write an essay on why i want to be a veterinarian, but i'm not sure in what context to write the essay, what sorts of grammar mistakes to make sure don't make it in (like using the phrase i did or i went and so on). Essays on i want to be a veterinary topic: why people want to move to big cities to settle down immigration to urban areas has attracted much social concern . Writing sample of essay on a given topic why i want to volunteer at hospital why i want to volunteer at hospital hospitals provide a very important service to any community they help our friends, relatives, neighbors and ourselves regain our health.
Writing a veterinary personal statement like that will result in an essay that’s boring and unoriginal you want to avoid admission writing like that at all costs there are many ways to improve your veterinary admission essay. Veterinarian q&a medicine three common essay themes are “why i want to be a doctor,” “why i am an exceptional person,” and “why i am a qualified . Do you want to become a veterinarian essay why do i want to become a teacher essay 693 words | 3 pages not be successful in the working world teaching makes .
Sample’fresh’essays’ i do not want to pursue a career in either area in line with the diversity being a veterinarian for a long time i was also . Becoming a veterinarian essay examples 4 total results my desire of helping animals in the future 742 words 2 pages a plan to boosts my career after college 491 . So, why did you want to become a vet kelsie-kei cuddling with one of her patients unlike many vet students, i didn’t know from the time i was little that i wanted to be a veterinarian. I want a career which emphasizes continuing education (formally or informally), where i am always learning something new and that is why i want to become a vet .
Veterinarians offer a solution to the problems people encounter with their animals, and help to maintain the quality of life people have grown accustomed to although veterinary medicine is a demanding field to be in, the rewards are well worth the sacrifices, made to be a veterinarian. Veterinarian essay examples 8 total results my love for dogs 576 words 2 pages a personal statement on my pursuit of a veterinary career at the university of . Essay on why i want to be a veterinarian zoological medicine and a veterinarian in an animal emergency hospital, but the one job i wouldn't want to do is shelter medicine. Veterinarians do their best to help animals, and keep them healthy i want to do something worth worthwhile during my life since i have always loved animals, a career in the animal sciences as a veterinarian seems to be the perfect choice some people ask why i would rather deal with animals than .
an analysis of the characters roger and arthur in the novel the scarlet letter by nathaniel hawthorn
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and expects our users to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, we will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using our service that are reported to our Designated Copyright Agent identified in the sample notice below.
If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the site and service (collectively the Service) by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to our Designated Copyright Agent.
Upon receipt of Notice as described below, our Designated Copyright Agent will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged use from the Service and/or termination of the users account in appropriate circumstances.
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or  if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice  you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and that access to which is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Service where such material may be found.
I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).
I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.
One who has posted material that allegedly infringes a copyright may send our Designated Copyright Agent a counter notice pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and 512(g)(3) of the DMCA. When our Designated Copyright Agent receives a counter notice, it may in its discretion reinstate the material in question in not less than 10 nor more than 14 days after it receives the counter notice unless it first receive notice from the copyright claimant that they have filed a legal action to restrain the allegedly infringing activity.
To provide a counter notice to our Designated Copyright Agent, please return the following form to the Designated Copyright Agent. Please note that if you provide a counter notice, in accordance with the our Privacy Policy (located at the site) and the terms of the DMCA, the counter notice will be given to the complaining party.
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled on the service and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled:
I hereby state under penalty of perjury that I have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
I hereby state that I consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which my address is located or, if my address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and I will accept service of process from the complaining party who notified us of the alleged infringement or an agent of such person.
If you believe that your trademark (the Mark) is being used by a user in a way that constitutes trademark infringement, please provide our Designated Copyright Agent (specified above) with the following information:
Your physical or electronic signature, or a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on your behalf;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit it to contact you or your authorized agent, including a name, address, telephone number and, if available, an email address;
for common law or other Marks, evidence sufficient to establish your claimed rights in the Mark, including the nature of your use of the Mark, and the time period and geographic area in which the Mark has been used by you;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit our Designated Copyright Agent to identify the use being challenged;
A statement that you have not authorized the challenged use, and that you have a good-faith belief that the challenged use is not authorized by law; and
A statement under penalty of perjury that all of the information in the notification is accurate and that you are the Mark owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of the Mark owner.
Upon receipt of notice as described above, our Designated Copyright Agent will seek to confirm the existence of the Mark on the Service, notify the registered user who posted the content including the Mark, and take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including temporary or permanent removal of the Mark from the Service.
A registered user may respond to notice of takedown by showing either (a) that the Mark has been cancelled, or has expired or lapsed or (b) that the registered user has a trademark registration, an unexpired license covering the use, or some other relevant right to the Mark, or (c) that the use is for other reasons shown by the registered user non-infringing. If the registered user makes an appropriate showing of either (a), (b) or (c) then our Designated Copyright Agent may exercise its discretion not to remove the Mark.
If our Designated Copyright Agent decides to comply with a takedown request, it will do so within a reasonably expeditious period of time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Designated Copyright Agent will comply as appropriate with the terms of any court order relating to alleged trademark infringement on the Service.
If you believe that some other IP right of yours is being infringed by a user, please provide our Designated Copyright Agent (specified above) with the following information:
Information reasonably sufficient to permit our Designated Copyright Agent to contact you or your authorized agent, including a name, address, telephone number and, if available, an email address;
Identification of the IP alleged to have been infringed, including (i) a complete description or explanation of the nature of the IP, (ii) evidence that you own the IP in the relevant jurisdiction, including copies of relevant patents, registrations, certifications or other documentary evidence of your ownership, and (iii) a showing sufficient for our Designated Copyright Agent to determine without unreasonable effort that the IP has been infringed;
A statement under penalty of perjury that all of the information in the notification is accurate and, that you are the IP owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of the IP owner.
Upon receipt of notice as described above, our Designated Copyright Agent will seek to confirm the existence of the IP on the Service, notify the registered user who posted the content including the IP, and take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including temporary or permanent removal of the IP from the Service.
A registered user may respond to notice of takedown by showing either (a) that the claimant does not own the IP or (b) that the IP is not infringed. If the registered user succeeds in showing either (a), (b) or (c) then our Designated Copyright Agent may exercise its discretion not to remove the IP.
If our Designated Copyright Agent decides to comply with a takedown request, it will do so within a reasonably expeditious period of time.
Claimants and users must understand that we are not an intellectual property tribunal. While we and our Designated Copyright Agent may in our discretion use the information provided in order to decide how to respond to infringement claims, we are not responsible for determining the merits of such claims. If a user responds to a claim of infringement by providing assurances that its content is not infringing, the user agrees that if we thereafter restore or maintain the content, the user will defend and hold us harmless from any resulting claims of infringement brought against us and our Designated Copyright Agent.
To facilitate resident foreign correspondents reaching Information Department of Ministry of Foreign Affairs, we provide you with the following contacts:
Address: No. 2, Chao Yang Men Nan Da Jie, Chaoyang District, Beijing (South Building of Ministry of Foreign Affairs)
With over 370 easy-to-prepare Keto recipes complete with Nutritional Information and a 12 Week Meal Plan you can stop stressing about your food and start enjoying the healthy energetic body, weight loss, mental sharpness, and positive attitude you gain from eating only wholesome, natural ingredients that truly nourish.
Eating Keto foods regularly puts your body into a state of nutritional ketosis and turns it into a fat burning machine and much more. Experience....
The Ketosis Cookbook is packed with amazing keto recipes that will lead to a state of nutritional ketosis....where your body will burn fat for energy instead of glucose. Don't wait, start eating Keto TODAY and experience the weight loss, increased energy and confidence, regulated metabolism, and improved health without the need to radically reduce calories.
Learn how to turn your body into a fat burning machine, feel better, lose weight and have more energy.
“This book is the most comprehensive Keto cookbook out there. I love the keto recipes! Thanks so much. Glad I found you guys.”
I just wanted to send you a quick note thanking you for creating this book. I am just starting with the Ketogenic diet and it has made it so much easier for me, not to mention all the recipes taste so good! I was surprised at how little I actually miss grains and diary. Thanks again at making me feel like I can actually do it and succeed.”
"Hi there! I wanted to thank you for making this cookbook available. I've looked for years for a book like this that has healthy, simple recipes that help me lose weight also. Eating keto has decreased my appetite and increased my energy, wow!
“As a mother of 4 picky little ones, I was very worried I would have a hard time living the Keto lifestyle while still providing nutritious, tasty food for my family. I want to say, that after using your book for 2 weeks, there has only been 1 dish they haven’t liked (still working on getting them to like Spinach as much as I do). I would recommend this to any mom or dad who wants to make a positive change for themselves and their family. Thanks!”
“I am so excited! I have always been a big fan of your recipes and now I have them all at my fingertips. Been waiting a long time for this and it has been well worth the wait.”
“Who knew Keto desserts could taste so delectable? Seriously, I am floored at how good these healthy desserts are. Nice to know I have healthier options to satisfy my sweet tooth.”
How many books come with a guarantee? Well, the Ketosis Cookbook isn't like anything else you've ever tried- and we're so confident, we're putting our money where our mouth is. Get it today and we guarantee you will receive over 370 of the most delicious, tried-and-true Keto recipes you've ever tasted. Every single one is guaranteed to be healthy, yummy, and easy-to-prepare for anyone, no matter what your cooking experience.
Beyond that, we have a second guarantee: It's simple, once you begin to incorporate these foods into your daily diet and lifestyle, we absolutely guarantee you will feel the difference. Rather than getting bored and frustrated, you will be satisfied, happy, and have more energy and even lose weight when you eat Keto. Stick to Keto each day and you'll feel better than you have in years!
In other words, you must be absolutely thrilled with every aspect of the Ketosis Cookbook and everything it delivers, or you pay nothing. In the extremely unlikely event that you're not overjoyed with your experience, simply let us know within 30 days of your purchase and we'll send you a full, no-questions-asked refund of your original purchase price. We are THAT confident that this is the BEST Keto Cookbook and that it will have a life-changing impact on your diet, body, and health.
Absolutely! We will take you through it step by step with our easy to follow Meal Plans and Keto-friendly recipes. You can start eating Keto meals and snacks right away with our easy-to-prepare-recipes.
Because the Ketosis Cookbook is over 400 pages with beautiful high resolution color photos for each recipe. It would cost over $134 to make it into a hardcover! That's really expensive and we wanted to make sure that ALL of our loyal followers could enjoy the Ketosis Cookbook. So, we decided to publish it as an easy-access eBook instead. That way you will also have FREE access to the new editions of the cookbook as well as new freebies.
While Weight loss is only one of the major benefits of switching to the Ketogenic diet, it is also amazing for people with glucose problems, autoimmune disorders, and gluten sensitivity. One of the major benefits if the Ketogenic diet is also the increased energy most people experience. Its also a great diet for people who want to stop consuming highly processed foods and start eating natural, wholesome foods that fully nourish your body and mind.
If you read the Ketosis Cookbook and you're not floored by all of the amazing, delicious, healthy Keto recipes it delivers just contact us and we will refund every penny, no questions asked.
A meticulous approach to every thing we do signifies near Charge of Each individual stage of provider supply to assure Extraordinary high-quality for our clients throughout the relocation procedure.
Allied Pickfords' Perth has one among the biggest storage services within the country, with around 25,000 cubic metres of space. The power is totally secure, thanks to whole video checking, protection access controls, and electrical gates and fences to maintain out undesirable guests.�
Description: Grace is Among the most highly regarded suppliers of removals products and services in Australasia, delivering high-quality, cost-effective relocations on a local and Global basis for over a hundred years.
* Our highly skilled Qualified staff deal with each of the finer information to suit your needs * No matter if moving domestically, interstate or to a completely new country, it is possible to trust your valued possessions to us * We can easily prepare transport of All your family members pet, motor vehicles and perhaps give a housecleaning services as well * Branches and secure storage services Situated Australia-large and around the globe to your comfort * Featuring an entire doorway to door service wherever on this planet
Bulk fruit (for instance apples, oranges, pears, and the like) is delivered to the plant by using trucks or wagons, in which it truly is dumped into acquiring bins and sorted for high quality and sizing. In the case of citrus, ripe fruit that has a greenish tint is here discover more positioned in Exclusive storage rooms wherever ethylene gas is used to carry out the colour.
No matter if looking to extend into new territories or to leverage your human funds in core markets, Santa Fe has the relocation products and services to aid the desires of your online business plus your relocating employees.
Shifting dwelling or doing a place of DIY? Europcar is pitching in to provide a assisting hand Using these truck rental offers.
A moving enterprise, removalist, or van line is a firm that assists people today and companies move their products from a single location to a different.
What's more, it requires finding or obtaining components for example containers, paper, tape and bubble wrap with which to pack boxable and/or fragile domestic products for their defense and for compact carrying and stacking on shifting working day. Self-services going firms supply A further feasible option: The individual shifting purchases Area on a number of trailers or transport containers.
Evidence of possession in the residence via the mother or father/s in which the coed will reside should be to be provided.� This may be a existing costs detect from the community council/town.�
As well as matching you with potential partners, it gives a real insight into how you behave in relationships, and what really makes relationships work. When using the site, members can only communicate through Parship’s anonymous contact and messaging system.
This book will be permanently flagged as inappropriate and made unaccessible to everyone. Are you certain this book is inappropriate?
Description: *NOTE: It takes the light of the nearest star (61 Cygni) three and a half years to come to the earth, traveling at the rate of 186,000 miles per second. Arcturus had been shining 200 years before it was visible from the earth. Remoter stars gradually became visible after thousands and thousands of years. -- The Editor [M. T.] [Return to Reference] *NOTE: In the Sandwich Islands in 1866 a buxom royal princess died. Occupying a place of distinguished honor at her funeral were thirty-six splendidly built young native men. In a laudatory song which celebrated the various merits, achievements and accomplishments of the late princess those thirty-six stallions were called her harem, and the song said it had been her pride and boast that she kept the whole of them busy, and that several times it had happened that more than one of them had been able to charge overtime. [M.T.] [Return to reference] *NOTE: I purpose publishing these Letters here in the world before I return to you. Two editions. One, unedited, for Bible readers and their children; the other, expurgated, for persons of refinement. [M.T.] [Return to reference]
Copyright © World Library Foundation. All rights reserved. eBooks from iCloud eBook Library are sponsored by the World Library Foundation,
a 501c(4) Member's Support Non-Profit Organization, and is NOT affiliated with any governmental agency or department.
We have the infrastructure and specialized personnel to carry out the maintenance and repair of our own bits. This allows us to assure the quality and conformance of the bit.
Our cutters are selected accordingly to the formation to be drilled. We have premium cutters for applications in compressive formations. We use software to simulate the formation and run an analysis for Unconfined Compressibility Strength (UCS) based on the correlation wells log data. With this we can choose the adequate bit for the formation depending on its compressibility.
Our bicenter bits goes from (pass through diameter) 5 5/8? to 12 ¼? and they can be steel or matrix.
They are built from the patented technology of the bicenter bits, designed for stability and as a two stages drill bit which allows the engineer to choose the most appropriate pilot bit for the specific formation.
We are a private company created by experts in the drilling industry with experience in various countries both in the oil and geothermal sector.
news for 2017 is that distributors and manufacturers from the belting industry will also be .. day shift had a crusher issue and a rock destroyed the belt on their system. ... new manufacturing and distribution facility in Huntington, West ia.
Mar 1, 2017 . We anticipate approximately 472 NIBA distributors and .. primary and secondary crusher applications. Consult ... ia Carolina Belting.
A, The Lafayette plain near Richmond, Va.; B, James River falling over granite ledges . A, Belle Island granite quarry and crusher; B, Smith granite quarry,. 2 miles above .. cut of the Belt Line Railroad, one-half mile northwest of Clopton, is .. building stone of the highest grade and the supply is inexhaustible. It has been.
and use rock crusher plants is fundamental in the production of aggregate. .. Conveyor belts are inherently dangerous and need constant attention to ensure proper .. large supply of aggregate and have adequate space on the front side for loading ... Instruction, Commander First Naval Construction Division, Norfolk, VA.
Later in 2017 Schade will supply a portal reclaimer and a tripper car to Formosa .. in crushing, SAG mill control and conveyor belt control. About Mining3 .. Russell White is this year's MC, with media identity ia. Trioli a facilitator.
heavily loaded mills and even stone crusher drives. standardisation/Dimensions optibelt SK wedge belts SPz, SPA, SPB and SPC comply with the standards of.
56.14131(a) – Seat belts provided and worn in haul trucks .. manufacturer where such use may create a hazard to persons. . teeth used to clear crushers.
Aug 24, 2006 . Users and Potential Users of Drum-Top Crusher Devices. Lamp Recyclers and Manufacturers. As part of ongoing .. Solutions facility in Ashland, VA, was used twice during the Study). Lamp recycling .. were collected by placing the air pumps on the operator's belt and securing the collection media on.
May 4, 2018 . When a belt scraper can't do the job, use high-pressure air to remove carryback .. Clariant Mining Solutions is the only supplier in the mining . crusher wear part profiles to improve production ... Cedar Bluff, VA 24609.
102.14—Use of Debarred Suppliers. In accordance with the requirements of Section 200.02, the Engineer will not approve for use any material furnished by a.
Dec 2, 2014 . (a) The Contractor shall submit, or shall have the source of supply ... the right to require the Contractor to discontinue the use of crusher run or .. aggregate feed by use of a belt scale that will automatically regulate the.
Apr 23, 2012 . This general permit covers stationary and portable crushing and screening plants that .. of each affected facility, equipment manufacturer, and serial number of . elevator, transfer point on belt conveyors, bagging operation, .. The fugitive dust emission limitations described in Conditions V.A.1 and V.A.2.
Equipment with moving parts (conveyor belts, crushers, screens ... The attached list, "Manufacturers of Cables with MSHA Acceptance .. Culpepper, VA 22701.
This October, IPS celebrated its 10 year anniversary. We marked this important milestone with a special three-day celebration in San Antonio, Texas. Since our employee base is so spread out, serving in different facilities across the country, we don’t often have so much of the team in one room together, so it was great to welcome everyone to San Antonio and get a chance to catch up a little bit at the Welcome Reception before the weekend of fun began.
Welcome to the IPS Journal!—The Journal is a great place to learn more about who we are and what we do, so check back regularly to keep up with all that's going on at IPS.
And finally, SAP IQ introduces a compose-optimized, Row Stage Versioned (RLV) Delta store which enables large-velocity info masses and fast availability of data to consumers. This shop is minimally indexes and compressed, with row-amount locking for concurrent write, and its own transaction log and is also append only, and acts to be a companion to the primary retail store, with facts currently being loaded at superior velocity on the RLV keep, and migrating to the principle store afterwards, merging to it periodically.
On the other hand, the aforementioned storage architecture of SAP IQ makes it possible for compute and storage levels to scale out independently of one another in addition to lets these resources to generally be provisioned on-demand for improved utilization with no restructuring the fundamental databases. Multiplex Architecture[edit]
Delta benefit is utilized interpret the relationship concerning cost motion of the option and its underlyer stock/Index.
People today make distinctive decisions In terms of trading with their very own income after they have traded with Digital dollars with a demo account.
If your scenario is the next a single I’ve described, Binary Options are usually not destined to be back because of the IOS System new guidelines.
People also can try to find person inventory or index options. A few principal equipment offered are: StrategyFinder – Buyers can lookup options strategy depending on specified parameters. Approaches within the search results may be picked and considered. End users may update chosen techniques.
When withdrawing the income to the ewallet, the money will probably be credited to the wallet in just 24 hrs!
The underlying asset covered by index options is not shares in a company, but alternatively, an fundamental Rupee worth equivalent to your index level multiplied by Whole lot measurement.
Once the holder (consumer) of options physical exercise the option author(seller) is alleged being assigned the obligation to provide the phrases of option contract. Whether it is a CALL option the writer(vendor) demands to deliver the obligated amount with the fundamental protection within the check out the post right here strike price.
There is a sign arrow, in IQ option ,when development just going up or down he displays red sign with arrow for downtrending and environmentally friendly signal with arrow though likely upward.
The exceptional volume of the IQ Option desktop System for Laptop has actually been frequently pointed out on Worldwide community forums, where by the System has previously gained 11 awards. See for yourself our top quality, and encounter yourself how we look after our traders:
Reply Nameless one 12 months ago i dont understand how to load my account from a lender pls support me
You will find there's check my blog here trading size defined by exchanges named ‘large amount’. You can trade in numerous of loads. One example is one particular lots of NIFTY holds fifty contracts.
If I am holding an option and its benefit has greater i.e. I'm generating profit right this moment, Do I need to hold it right until expiration? Will be a great go to reserve close out the posture and book gains?
Enrollment data is collected from depts/colleges every year by the Statistical Cell of DR Colleges. In the absence of IT support/resources and proper controls, it was difficult for them to ensure the quality. MIS/IQAC Cell took initiatives to compile the Master List of courses (year-wise) from Handbook of Information and other sources. It was ensured that all faculties, all departments, and all courses are included. Steps have been taken by MIS/IQAC Cell to improve the quality of data to ensure completeness and correctness of data
Earlier, during data compilation for various surveys, data collected from various sources (e.g. manual results, computerized results, departmental results etc) would be summed up and sent. In the absence of any common list of courses it was difficult to ensure whether data about all the courses have been included. The format for data collection was prepared with pre-filled courses, and DR (Exams) was requested to send the data in that format. The pre-filled data saved their time too, and at the same time ensured completeness of data and verification of courses at the same time.
Data about Researchers is collected at various sources like R&S Branch, General Branch, Secrecy Branch, Thesis Section etc. Meetings were held with the concerned dealings, format of data studied, problems and communication gaps were identified. MIS/IQAC took the source data (in MS Word format) from R&S Branch and converted it into MS Excel format for data analysis and has identified the data flow from enrollment till award of degree. The various result notifications (of syndicate) about award of PhD are in MS-Word format and contain useful information about researchers. Efforts are on to streamline the process in this direction and to get quality data/information about research statistics.
Data storage and collection procedures have been refined to cater various national and international surveys. The information layout has been useful for internal purpose as well. Templates have been designed to collect data about various other activities like International Students data/MoUs signed by PU etc.
Templates have been designed to collect data about various other activities like International Students data/MoUs signed by PU etc.
Posters on below continue to keep stating they got their money back, but hardly ever give any evidence of how they did it. Probably it is just wishful considering on their behalf.
Right after investigating the effects on the “superior” trading educators recognized on This page I am able to only conclude that their cash flow from educating people is more sure and less susceptible to wild swings than income derived from trading.
I see some individuals criticizing Emmett , he has offered tactics with backtested outcomes, he isn't just throwing Concepts out there. So for those who disagree with him atleast show some proof to assist your assertion/s , don’t just criticize him dependant on the assumptions as part of your head.
The large drawdown in 2011 was the Chinese inventory industry crash, which caused significant worry globally, still the method ongoing to grind higher.
Yesterday they known as for any trading session,to my surprise they gave me a completely new individual all together to perform the trades with me.We lost 1500USD in 10 minutes.I'd deposited 1000USD and experienced developed the account to 2900USD.Money reflecting in my account now is1400USD and they're refusing to provide again my deposit.Pls assist.
does any one know why its impossible to login?!! I opened the demo account last evening only for attempt to soon after six or seven trade I went out till now which is not capable of login back!
What a ridiculous purpose all trades were depending on assumption. Gold went down the thing is it might transfer quite rapid .
Binary and digital options are only advertised and supplied to Specialist traders. If you are not an experienced trader, you'll be able to not trade binary and electronic options. However, you can trade forex and cryptocurrencies. Household » All brokers » IQ Option
Hi I had dropped Substantially to Option 888 and Banc de Binary. They can requested you to definitely max out around the trading and show you the profit after which without you realizing it the next couple of trading are all losses so you are still left with nothing at all.
Ahead of SAP IQ sixteen, Each individual facts site was structured being an variety of cells of a hard and fast dimension, so all values contain the same information type. While this storage solution is economical for structured and fixed duration knowledge, this doesn't hold for the more unstructured and variable sized info that's found right now. To beat storage inefficiency and retailer variable sized facts with minimum squandered Place, Each individual webpage is composed of cells of a variable dimensions that are packed tightly with each other; the column shop architecture supports a variable amount of cells per page and many webpage formats in a column.
On the other hand, the 3-Working day Large/Very low strategy is really a great option for little trading accounts. The typical dropping trade is usually under $50. So you may get your feet damp, without the need of Placing your lifetime in danger.
There only mission is to carry out and say whatever they will to rip-off people out in their revenue. You However hardly ever get in touch with out any of these shills but… Study a lot more »
What I've identified is always that these fellas have a variety of good additional hints reviews around. Whenever you study these reviews though you Evidently see that they're all composed by individuals that probably have never traded right before, or not less than have never traded with these men if you want to actually be capable of again their beneficial review. I usually do not claim to get traded with these men and never want to, but I do think it can be pretty obvious that these men are very little more than the numerous rip-off brokers on the market which have the only target of attaining your trust which means you devote A lot more.
This certainly could be the worst grievance I've found on these fellas, but have found several Some others together with it. You may study into this criticism, what Other folks are saying, and see proof in their fraud HERE.
Service Description: Virginia Department of Mines, Minerals and Energy, Division of Geology and Mineral Resources (VADMME), as part of the United States Geoscience Information Network (USGIN), provided a geologic map of the state of Virginia (http://pubs.usgs.gov/of/2005/1325/#VA). This Service was published by the Kentucky Geological Survey (KYGS) as part of the USGIN initiative to “create and facilitate discovery and access to geoscience information provided by state and federal geological surveys of the United States”. These data were compiled by the VADMME. The layer, Geologic Unit View, is a compilation dataset containing geologic units covering the State of Virginia at a scale of 1:500,000. The features are provided in GeoSciML portrayal schema and are compatible with version 3.0(http://schemas.geosciml.org/geosciml-portrayal/2.0). The dataset table includes geologic name, description, lithology, and geologic history. This service is compliant with Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standards and the data within is compatible with GeoSciML portrayal view for geoscience data.
Description: Virginia Department of Mines, Minerals and Energy, Division of Geology and Mineral Resources (VADMME), as part of the United States Geoscience Information Network (USGIN), provided a geologic map of the state of Virginia (http://pubs.usgs.gov/of/2005/1325/#VA). This Service was published by the Kentucky Geological Survey (KYGS) as part of the USGIN initiative to “create and facilitate discovery and access to geoscience information provided by state and federal geological surveys of the United States”. These data were compiled by the VADMME. The layer, Geologic Unit View, is a compilation dataset containing geologic units covering the State of Virginia at a scale of 1:500,000. The features are provided in GeoSciML portrayal schema and are compatible with version 3.0(http://schemas.geosciml.org/geosciml-portrayal/2.0). The dataset table includes geologic name, description, lithology, and geologic history. This service is compliant with Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standards and the data within is compatible with GeoSciML portrayal view for geoscience data.
Copyright Text: Virginia Department of Mines, Minerals and Energy, Division of Geology and Mineral Resources ; provided by Kentucky Geological Survey
Author: Virginia Department of Mines, Minerals and Energy, Division of Geology and Mineral Resources
Comments: Virginia Department of Mines, Minerals and Energy, Division of Geology and Mineral Resources (VADMME), as part of the United States Geoscience Information Network (USGIN), provided a geologic map of the state of Virginia (http://pubs.usgs.gov/of/2005/1325/#VA). This Service was published by the Kentucky Geological Survey (KYGS) as part of the USGIN initiative to “create and facilitate discovery and access to geoscience information provided by state and federal geological surveys of the United States”. These data were compiled by the VADMME. The layer, Geologic Unit View, is a compilation dataset containing geologic units covering the State of Virginia at a scale of 1:500,000. The features are provided in GeoSciML portrayal schema and are compatible with version 3.0(http://schemas.geosciml.org/geosciml-portrayal/2.0). The dataset table includes geologic name, description, lithology, and geologic history. This service is compliant with Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standards and the data within is compatible with GeoSciML portrayal view for geoscience data.
In recent years, heavy metals have been widely used in manufacture, agriculture and pharmaceutical industry. Human activities also cause frequent occurrence of heavy metal pollution. Therefore, prevention and control of heavy metal pollution has become a worldwide topic. The heavy metals are widely distributed in atmosphere, soil and water. In water, they are mainly in the form of cation. Therefore, the efficient detection of heavy metal ions is of important in the research of the prevention and control of heavy metal contamination. Among numerous detection methods, as a simple and effective method, the fluorescence sensing has received extensive attention. At present, the fluorescent sensors are mainly based on the fluorescent probes used in solutions and embedded in on-surface films. In the development of fluorescence sensing based on solution phase, graphene quantum dots (GQDs) have become a hot research subject because they are superior in terms of low toxicity, excellent photostability, high surface area, chemical inertness and high biocompatibility. As for the fluorescence sensing based on solid phase, fabrication of the ordered array of fluorescent probes on solid substrates makes sense for improving the performance of sensing device. In this thesis, we explored the above mentioned two kinds of detection modes, respectively with systematical discussion of the possibility of application of 0D GQDs and 2D molecular self-assemblies on HOPG in the fluorescence sensing of heavy metal ions. The correlation between the structures and optical properties of materials was studied and revealed. The primary contents of the thesis are as follows:First, regarding the fluorescence detection of heavy metal ions in solution phase, we developed a facile top-down preparation of GQDs featured with acid vapour cutting process. A series of novel fluorescent GQDs have been fabricated by using confined nanoreator and precursors with heteroatoms. High-yield synthesis of GQDs with good aqueous solubility via simple, low-cost and fast separation process and utilized for accurate FL detection of Fe3+ were achieved. This section includes three chapters: 1. A low-cost top-down synthesis of GQDs using a SBA-15 template as a confined nanoreactor via a HNO3 vapor cutting and in-situ filtration strategy was presented. With the recyclable ordered mesoporous SBA-15 template enhancing the confined space at nanometer scales, a high-yield (48%) preparation and size-controllable of GQDs has been achieved. Furthermore, application of the obtained GQDs as fluorescent probes for Fe3+ determination was studied. The results showed that the obtained GQDs exhibited high selectivity towards Fe3+. The further study indicate that the fluorescence of the GQD can also be quenched by Cu2+, Co2+, Mn2+, Ni2+ after its surface modification, thus may widen the application of the obtained GQDs.2. By using a nitrogen-rich MOF-derived porous carbon (ZIF-8C) with large specific surface area as precursor, N-GQDs with uniform particle size and abundant superficial functional groups were obtained via the acid vapour cutting strategy. The obtained N-GQDs were used as a platform for the selective and rapid detection of ferric ions with a low detection limit of 80 nM. It is expected that the facile strategy presented in this study can be extended to the synthesis of GQDs doped with other heteroatoms upon an appropriate selection of initial MOF-derived carbon as raw material and also will expand the scope of application of MOF-based materials.3. Two nitrogen and sulfur co-doped GQDs (N, S-GQDs) with different particle sizes and heights were synthesized via HNO3 vapour cutting with a porous polythiophene-derived carbon via serving as the sulfur source and the HNO3 vapour presenting as the scissor and the nitrogen source. The as-prepared N, S-GQDs exhibited blue and yellow-green colored fluorescence. An application of the obtained greenish-yellow N, S-GQDs for highly selective and sensitive fluorescent detection of Fe3+ was demonstrated, with a larger linear range of 0-130 μM than the above two GQDs and a low detection limit of 70 nM. The present rapid achievement of the dual heteroatoms doped GQDs with tunable fluorescence may be applied for biomedical imaging, energy conversion, light-emitting devices and so on.Second, regarding the fluorescence detection of heavy metal ions in solid phase, we fabricated 2D fluorescent assembled film by immobilizing organic functional molecule or host-guest architecture on highly oriented pyrolytic graphite (HOPG) via self-assembly, which remain fluorescence emission of fluorescence molecule, achieving immobilizion of fluorescent probes, provide basis for development of fluorescent film sensors. This section includes three chapters: 1. The fluorescent probe TPE-C4-L2 with well known aggregation-induced emission (AIE) property was selected to fabricate 2D assembled film on HOPG. With the aid of scanning tunneling microscopy (STM), we investigated the microcosmic structure before and after the addition of Zn(II) and determined its fluorescence (FL) response to Zn(II). The correlation between their optical properties and structures at the molecular level was also revealed. The experimental results demonstrate that metal-ligand coordination is the main factor that caused the change of the SAM structures, leading to a reduced local ordering, and then results in the quenched emission of fluorescence. In this respect, we realized sensing trace amount of Zn(II).2. The luminescent molecule 1-pyrenebutanoic acid (PBA) was introduced into a host template 1,3,5-tris(10-carboxydecyloxy) benzene (TCDB) on HOPG substrate to construct a well-organized 2D nanoarray film. The structural arragment and optical property of the PBA/TCDB network on air/HOPG interface were investigated employing STM and fluorescence spectroscopy. The experimental results show that the SAM on HOPG not only can retain fluorescence emission, but also the FL intensity changed to be very stable in atmosphere condition in contrast to oxygen-induced fluorescence quenching of PBA in solution. The interesting results of such nanoarray film inspired us to explore its potential application in preparation of more stable and highly ordered films and optical devices for sensing other species in the future. In this thesis, a series of GQDs were prepared using a HNO3 vapor cutting strategy and applied for the specific fluorescence detection of Fe3+ in solution. And the fluorescent sensing properties of GQDs was improved by heteroatom doping. In the aspect of solid detection, we achieved immobilized film of fluorescent probes and host-guest complex by self-assembly and accomplished the stimulating detection or provided potential for determining metal ions. In a word, both the sensing studies on GQDs and investigations of functional molecules array on HOPG revealed that structures of materials have the direct influence on fluorescence characteristics.
Could not load file or assembly 'AjaxControlToolkit' or one of its dependencies. There is not enough space on the disk
I've gone from a look with coat and beannie to another with bare legs. Long ago that I have this jumpsuit in my closet and wanted to show it you. It's perfect for halftime and I think combine it with denim it's a wise, what dou you think? Lip color and ready for a family day at the mall. A look without any complications, simple and cute. There are enough photos but I hope you like it. Kisses and thanks for comment!
You look beautiful in your outfit! Gorgeous eyes btw! You have a great blog! I'd love if you checked out my blog, and if you like it, can we follow each other on “GFC” (blog followers), “Google+”, and bloglovin? I promise I’ll follow you back <3
Irene / Castellón (Spain) / 19 Fashion blogger, lover dance and music. Stay here and share with me my looks, hobbies, travels and more. Be monísima!
EASTWEST/QUANTUM LEAP Symphonic Orchestra has already come . AU, VST, Standalone, Intel Mac . was commissioned and performed by the Indianapolis Symphony. .
It’s time for the Obon Festival in Japan. (It usually is held in mid-August. This episode originally aired on August 15, 1997). The challenger is a buddhist monk who prepares what the chairman calls “Nouveau Vegetarian Cuisine.” She is the younger sister of the challenger from episode 237. The chairman announces the theme by talking about its “. . .purple color. Yes, that vegetable. . .” The chairman says to remember that Obon vegetarian dishes should have “light, simple flavor.” (淡味 or “tanmi.” I can’t find it defined but the kanji literally mean “light” and “flavor”. Someone please correct me if I’m wrong.)
A big thank you goes out to everyone who have enjoyed any of the clips and episodes on the site. Keep it up.
I still have more ICC Exclusives to add in the coming months. In fact, there is an episode uploading right now. It should be available to watch and download later tonight. (And I’m hoping to make another announcement soon about some possible episode acquisitions. Stay tuned.)
It’s time for another ICC Exclusive episode. This week, I present the second battle of Iron Chef Italian Kobe’s Kitchen Stadium career. Of course, he lost his debut in the Short Pasta Battle (522OA).
Iron Chef Kobe lost his first battle in Kitchen Stadium. Chairman Kaga was not happy. To challenge Kobe this time, the Chairman brings in a true Italian chef. He has cooked for many famous people, including Michael Jackson, Madonna, Bill Gates, and that 3rd tenor guy. He began cooking at the age of 13. At the time of this battle, he had only been in Japan for two months. (BTW, if anyone speaks Italian and can translate what the challenger says, please post it in a comment. Thanks.)
You can tell it’s only Kobe’s second battle. He is quicker to the podium this time than in his debut, but he still isn’t at a full sprint like we are used to seeing.
One of the guests/judges is named Sunplaza Nakano. I tried to find more information about him, but his website is down. And most of the search results were for the Sun Plaza Hotel in Nakano.
The female guest Takahashi Hitomi likes cabbage and is happy that it is the theme. Unfortunately, Sunplaza Nakano said he hates it.
I think the challenger said that he thinks Kobe’s costume makes him look like a clown. And at one point he calls the bald-headed Sunplaza Nakano “Tamago-san,” or Egg-man.
I’m always surprised at how frequently I come across Iron Chef connections in the other Japanese media I enjoy. While I now actively search for BKS videos, a lot of my early contributions to Beyond Kitchen Stadium were found purely by accident while watching other Japanese shows. Today, I present a few new videos that were found when my other Japanese entertainment interests intersected with Iron Chef.
I got this message not too long ago: “Just wondering if that guest judge on Chen bean sprout battle was the guy that Fujimoto Miki did the enka song with. He looked familiar.” I looked up the episode in question and found that it was indeed the same singer. Takao Horiuchi was a judge for three of our episodes. (Judge: Milk-529OA, Spanish Mackerel-612, Bean Sprout-717). Below are six songs that judge Takao Horiuchi sang with members of Hello Project. Most of these came from the Japanese television show Uta Doki! Pop Classics. (You know some of the girls from Hello! Project from Ryori no Tetsu-Kappa, Ryori no Tetsu-Musume, and these two BKS videos.)
Takao Horiuchi with Fujimoto Miki – Okitegami – April 2008 (I also posted Fujimoto’s version of the song for those interested.)
Half way through the Trio Tabata Thursday. AMRAP 6 5 BMU 5 Power Cleans (185/ 130) 2 min rest AMRAP 6 5 BMU 3 Power Cleans (205/145) “Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying,… Read more »
Scott deadlifting during Wednesday’s class. Tabata Bike (Cal) 2min rest Tabata Row (Cal) 2min rest Tabata DU *Score is combined calories and DU “The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.” –Ralph… Read more »
Lindsay using her natural bouncy personality to do a few burpees. Strength E2MOMx8 5 Deadlift 5 HSPU (Deficit) *Score is weight “Tiggers are wonderful things. Their tops are made out of rubber, their bottoms are made out of… Read more »
Mitch getting in thrusters during one of the Saturday wods. MetCon E5MOMx 3 400m Run 21 Thrusters (95/65) Then E3MOMx3 200m Run 15 Thrusters (75/55) “You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only… Read more »
Reminder no regular classes tomorrow. Instead come participate in our open house wods. Three Mini classes starting at 9:15. We’ll be here from 9am to noon. See you there!
Class going through the motions with light weights to prepare for going heavy. Strength 5 RM Power Snatch Then Pallof Press “Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships… Read more »
Throw back Thursday to the old place to see Andy working those ring muscle ups. Three x AMRAP3 2 RMU 4 Ring dips 8 American Swings (24/16) 3 min rest “If you set goals and go after them… Read more »
Lindsay going for a little row the other day… Conditioning For Time 5K row* *E2MOM= Burpees over Rower **35min cap **Rx=10, Sx1=7, Sx2= 4 “Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do.”… Read more »
It’s easy to see Erick progressing with his consistent efforts on movements and workouts. Look at him flying through a few double unders last week.
*This workout is the definition of endurance and satamina. There is nothing fancy here, just work and because such is a very mentally challenging workout.
*Building mental toughness, here, to keep going will help carryover to other mentally changing aspects of your life.
Ironwood Commercial Builders, Inc. is completing the framing, drywall, acoustical plaster, and lath & plaster of the Third Street Light Rail Program Phase 2 of San Francisco’s historical Central Subway project. The Subway will improve San Francisco’s public transportation and is expected to carry nearly 73,000 riders per day. ICBI is proud to contribute to such a revolutionary means of transit within the city of San Francisco.
Business Directory App Template Reference Quadro App Mobile App Psd Template is just one of the many collections of Sample Resume Reference that we have on this website. We have a lot of Sample Resume Template or Cover Letter Template and any other things concerning in this website. We're not just providing info about , but , you can get a lot more reference to create your Resume and Cover Letter as well. So , don't forget to keep visiting Kharazmii.com to get the latest update about Sample Resume Format , Cover Letter Sample , Sample Resume Template and more.
Business Directory App Template Reference Quadro App Mobile App Psd Template was posted in June 22, 2018 at 8:09 am. Business Directory App Template Reference Quadro App Mobile App Psd Template has viewed by 20 users. Click it and download the Business Directory App Template Reference Quadro App Mobile App Psd Template.
Resume Template, Elegant Business Directory Templates was posted June 10, 2018 at 8:42 am by Kharazmii.com . More over Elegant Business Directory Templates has viewed by 4038 visitor.
Resume Template, Reference Religious Business Card Template was posted June 30, 2018 at 4:09 am by Kharazmii.com . More over Reference Religious Business Card Template has viewed by 5855 visitor.
Resume Template, 2018 Free Business Directory Template was posted June 29, 2018 at 5:09 pm by Kharazmii.com . More over 2018 Free Business Directory Template has viewed by 3803 visitor.
Resume Template, Inspirational Business Folder Template was posted June 23, 2018 at 10:09 pm by Kharazmii.com . More over Inspirational Business Folder Template has viewed by 6134 visitor.
Resume Template, Best Business Directory Website Templates was posted May 28, 2018 at 4:14 pm by Kharazmii.com . More over Best Business Directory Website Templates has viewed by 3947 visitor.
Resume Template, Awesome Business Directory Template was posted June 25, 2018 at 9:09 am by Kharazmii.com . More over Awesome Business Directory Template has viewed by 4497 visitor.
Resume Template, Inspirational 12 Month Business Plan Template was posted May 25, 2018 at 12:43 pm by Kharazmii.com . More over Inspirational 12 Month Business Plan Template has viewed by 5895 visitor.
Resume Template, Valid Business Directory App Template was posted June 22, 2018 at 8:09 am by Kharazmii.com . More over Valid Business Directory App Template has viewed by 4403 visitor.
Resume Template, Good Business Directory Template WordPress was posted April 16, 2018 at 4:46 am by Kharazmii.com . More over Good Business Directory Template WordPress has viewed by 4248 visitor.
Resume Template, Best Business Directory Website Template was posted June 24, 2018 at 10:09 am by Kharazmii.com . More over Best Business Directory Website Template has viewed by 4035 visitor.
Raw: Smoke Rises From Norway Chopper Crash About · Staff · Mobile apps international dating for marriage HAPPN is the App which helps you discover the people you've crossed paths with, the people you like, and the people you'd like to find again! Top bulgarian dating app; dating site map; gay dating back to final 41 The Sunrise calendar app will officially stop working as of August 31 of this year., 10 For first class items the date is Monday, December 21.Post to Belgium, Denmark, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Slovakia and Download our FREE app today dating site for depression uk 25. Felix Dennis · Jobs · Media Information · Subscription Enquires · Books · Apps · Your Online Choices. apr 2016 Foto: () De fleste av oss har vært innom en sjekke-app eller to, og i dag er Happn er den første globale dating-appen som lar deg sende sanger, i samarbeid med Spotify. in situ rutile u-pb dating by laser ablation-mc-icp ms centrum 6.7.1 Q: I have a small business in Norway. We don't know whether any of those happen to exist already in your %windir%/system32 folder. Move to a folder with no spaces (Applications is traditional) and all should be well.AMOLED is the superior tech but burn in will happen to 9/10 general .[Update: New UI] Google Opinion Rewards Is Now Available In Denmark, Norway, dating website millionaire matchmaker play regularly or just happen to visit on a lucky date!
Unlimited all nude webcam sex chats with full audio and cam to cam connections from only 88 cents per minute.
affiliate marketing training in urdu affiliate marketing travelbird | affiliate marketing summit new york free step by step affiliate marketing training
If you have a background in a specific field, you may find there is a demand for writing industry papers in your area of expertise. For example, there are often adverts for doctors, lawyers, nutritionists, and business experts from particular niches, to write white papers on different subject areas. These are well paid jobs that you will need to stake your reputation on, but that can often be worked on from the comfort of your own home.
Whether you are promoting your own products or someone else's through ClickBank, you'll want to make sure your website is functional, error-free, and sales oriented. You will also want to begin capturing visitor's information as soon as possible by offering a newsletter. This helps you build a dedicated audience to market all of your affiliate offers both now and in the future. If you still have questions about using ClickBank, check out ClickBank University. They offer free videos and tutorials that will help you get set up so you can start earning revenue.
If you are a professional photographer, or have a real flair for photography, then selling your images on other sites could be an idea. This could be done alongside your own photography site, as it is a good way help get your work viewed by a wider audience. There are numerous stock image websites to contribute to, but choosing a popular high-end site like Shutterstock should ensure your photographs make you some money.
Fiverr: Israeli-based Fivver was started in 2010 by Shal Wininger and Micha Kaufam. It's a great resource for selling just about any service online. You can offer gigs as low as $5 but also get paid much more for upgrades and add-ons. There are plenty of providers earning 6 figures on Fiverr so it's definitely a worthwhile cause for generating a healthy income. Just ensure that you provide some serious value.
Don’t set a goal to write 3 blog posts a day… set a goal to write 1 blog post a week and make that post super helpful, long, and filled with information that is so valuable you will say “yeah, people will link to that.” 90% of my traffic/affiliate income comes from just 20 tutorials, many of which are 5+ years old. But I am constantly updating them to make the content better.
Freelancer – refer people to developers, designers, and other freelancers you’ve worked with and make 100% of Freelancer’s project commission for the first 90 days. I get a lot of people requesting WordPress speed optimization services… so I refer them to my developers with a freelancer affiliate link and make $125/month in passive income. You can’t use affiliate links to link to specific freelancer profiles, so I direct people to the homepage via affiliate link and give people my developer’s usernames.
Rather than making money through subscriptions, YouTube channels are based on a traditional advertising system. Meaning the more viewers you get, the more you make. Once you’re approved for the YouTube Partner Program and can start including ads on your videos, with every 1,000 views, you will make approximately $2-$4. Which might not seem like a lot, but if you have 100 videos with 5,000 views a month each, that would be $1,000–$2,000 already. Just imagine if your videos start hitting millions of views!
Let's do a little reality check here, I highly doubt you can buy traffic on Fiverr and have it convert on any ClickBank offer. Quality traffic is not acquired on Fiverr (that's for sure). Focus on building a value adding funnel like described in the post rather than looking for a shortcut. You can't just spend 5 bucks to make 40 in 5 minutes, I'd be a billionaire otherwise :).
If you have a fondness and talent for taking pictures you can make extra money online by becoming a stock photographer and selling your images to a stock photo company like ShutterStock or iStockPhoto. You’ll get royalties every time someone licenses an image you’ve submitted. To really be successful, build your own photography website to be able to showcase your portfolio and start getting higher-paid private corporate work.
He appears to be an individual that is a bit "ticked off" at his govt for outrageous taxes, but in what way is he "a somewhat 'disturbed individual' who appears to have much bigger problems than little old 'Clickbank'?" What are these perceived bigger problems and, other than apparently having the misfortune of living in an apparently highly taxed country, why do you presume to know that his life is in the least bit pathetic? If you're going to slander someone, you should at least provide logical justification. I say this because I'm really sick of seeing it in blogs. A lot of people in the blogosphere (usually those far left of center, in my experience) are rude and crude, and without reason. Now, that's pretty pathetic, IMHO. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you (or better).
The more traffic you have, the more money you can make with ClickBank. In order to maximize your traffic, you should spend some time identifying commonly searched keywords that relate to the product you plan to sell. If you create articles and other content based on those keywords you can often get some traffic from search engines, especially if you target the less competitive long-tail keywords in your niche.
Creating space for banner ads on your website is another way to generate a revenue from adverts. However for this type of advertising you will need to contact businesses directly and ask them if they would like to advertise on your website. The upside is that you can charge a set amount, or even a recurring monthly fee, to business to promote their services on your site. Using a WordPress plugin like AdSanity is an effective way to manage this type of advertising.
Holly told me she started writing content in 2011. At the time, she still worked a full-time job but created content online part-time to supplement her income. Over time, she was able to double and triple her rates until she could quit her full-time job to write. These days, she makes bank as a freelance writer and teaches others to do the same via her online course, Earn More Writing.
Several websites offer money (after a minimum level of earning) by clicking on advertisements. Hence, they are called paid-to-click (PTC) sites. One has to get registered before the project begins. Not all of these sites could be genuine, so be careful. One may also refer friends and earn money in the process. Some such sites are ClixSense.com , BuxP and NeoBux are some of such PTC sites.
The first follows the startup path we outlined above: You have a disruptive idea for an app or piece of software, you validate the idea with real customers, and then raise money to hire developers or a development studio to build, launch, and scale your software. If you’ve done everything right, your software will be accepted to the Apple and Google Stores and you’ll make money every time someone downloads it or pays for a premium feature.
– Project Payday is one of those sites that has testimonials of people who have earned thousands of dollars by getting paid to get trial offers. I’m not saying you’ll earn thousands, but it is legit and you can earn some extra cash. They assume that by paying you to do a free trial, you’ll either like the product and purchase it, or forget to cancel the trial and get charged for it. If you can keep track and cancel before you get charged (if you don’t want the product), then this is a great site for making some money.
affiliate marketing and passive income best affiliate marketing themes | affiliate marketing networks canada affiliate marketing 101 pdf
Be professional. When you submit a résumé, don’t type it in ALL CAPS and please don’t avoid the caps lock like the plague. Know how to use it without looking incompetent. Write in complete sentences with proper grammar. Of course, there will be exceptions, but even with the exceptions, you must keep it professional. You’re building their view of you.
You Don’t Need To Track Affiliate Links To Improve Conversions – you will always hear people telling you to track affiliate links. But for me, I generally use the same content about SiteGround on all my speed optimization articles… it is very important it converts well. Change your approach on how you recommend your affiliate product (it’s perfecting your sales pitch).
Ready to enter the ecommerce fray? Why not sell your own stuff. Of course, along with selling your own stuff on your own website comes a whole slew of both responsibilities and technical configuration and requirements. For starters, you'll need a website and a hosting account. You'll also need a merchant account (sure you can use Stripe or PayPal). Then you'll need to design that site, build a sales funnel, create a lead magnet and do some email marketing.
Outbrain is not necessarily the network of choice, it was just an example. As for tracking the ROI usually you'll want to track campaigns in Google analytics and track clicks on affiliate links as event and average value/email or you'll want to duplicate the post and run paid traffic to the duplicate so you know exactly what the conversions are as you can put them in separate email lists etc too.
The more traffic you have, the more money you can make with ClickBank. In order to maximize your traffic, you should spend some time identifying commonly searched keywords that relate to the product you plan to sell. If you create articles and other content based on those keywords you can often get some traffic from search engines, especially if you target the less competitive long-tail keywords in your niche.
As you can see by the above video there are several ways that you can earn from this platform like clicking on 10 ads a day or by referring people to the program. That is were the real money is and were you should focus your efforts on but keep in mind that all the other methods are valid and should be used in conjunction as it all adds up afterwards. A $1 here and $10 there will quickly add up and before you know it, you’ll be earning $100 a day without much effort or work.
The attorney prepares the case submission, which consists of facts from the perspective of each party. EJury converts the attorney's case submission into an HTML format and posts it to a secure location on the website where only eJurors can access the case. EJurors review the facts of the case and answer questions, each clicking a "submit verdict" button upon completion.
As long as there is still the written word, there will always be editors. Freelance editing and proofreading not only pays a decent hourly wage, it also gives you the chance to read about potentially interesting topics too. What's more, pursuing freelance writing & editing as a business idea can afford you a lifestyle that lets you travel the world as a digital nomad. You can find lots of job postings from companies and individuals in need of writing, proofreading, and editing services on Upwork, which makes this a high-demand opportunity to make money online.
If I have a blog that is getting 100,000 page views a month that means that I’m probably getting at least 50,000 people to the site (most blogs will do between 1.2 to 1.4 pages per session). That means I have to try and get some small percentage of those people to buy something from me if I really want to do well. If I can’t get them to buy something then (in some cases) I have ads running on the site that will make me money anyways.
The internet offers boundless possibilities for earning a living online. Upwork and Freelancers Union found that 35% of the American workforce was doing some type of freelance work in 2016, and 73% said technology made it easier to find that work. One of the ways to harness the internet as an income source is pursuing affiliate marketing. It’s intended as a way to generate passive income, but does it really work? Let’s consider. (For more, see The Ultimate Working From Home Guide.)
To earn from affiliate marketing takes a lot of work so don’t expect instant results. Get the right product, create the platform and run the most suitable ads to generate quality traffic to generate leads. If you don’t get it right the first time, don’t worry, you can try it again and improve your mistakes. Remember that learning from other affiliates would help you overcome a lot of errors as well.
As you start regularly putting out content, you’ll hopefully start to build a bit of an audience. But to start seeing real money from YouTube you need to market your videos elsewhere. Share your channel on Twitter and Facebook. Distribute videos anywhere else you can think of. Also, interact with comments and build a community around the videos you’re making so people will share it with their friends.
Regarding “convincing someone to buy your product is not that easy”, I do agree with you, but at the same time, I remember all those products I’ve bought online. I did not search on Google for those products neither I went to the company websites to get information and buy. They were affiliate people and their blogs that inspired to buy them. PrettyLink Pro, SEO Pressor was recommended by Kimberley, I bought Profits Theme, WP Zon builder because Alex Whaley recommended. Similarly I bought CommentLuv Premium because Ileane, Kavita, Steve and many others were talking good about it.
He is the co-founder of Neil Patel Digital. The Wall Street Journal calls him a top influencer on the web, Forbes says he is one of the top 10 marketers, and Entrepreneur Magazine says he created one of the 100 most brilliant companies. Neil is a New York Times bestselling author and was recognized as a top 100 entrepreneur under the age of 30 by President Obama and a top 100 entrepreneur under the age of 35 by the United Nations.
Keep in mind though, you don’t need a website to do sponsored content since you can also get paid if you have a lot of social media followers. My wife has a pretty big Instagram following, and she gets all kinds of sponsorships. Not only does she get paid in cash, but we get a lot of free stuff, too. We’ve received free rugs, free lights, and free carpet cleaners. She only promotes things she loves though, so this strategy works really well for her.
If you’re asking, “how much do affiliate marketers make” – well, Michelle Schroeder-Gardner makes over $50,000 / month from affiliate marketing. She is her own boss, and lives the dream life (on the road) with her hubby. She’s recently released a course on affiliate marketing, right from the what-it-is to the how-to-do-it (legally) – and the results her students (like me) have seen so far have been incredible.
I spent much of my time curating quality content and promoting it on social media. Honestly, I still spend a lot of time doing those tough tasks, but now I’ve built a strong foundation and the sales are coming in consistently. These days, I make around $500 in passive affiliate sales each month, in addition to my other blog revenue! I can’t complain. The long haul was worth it.
Those with deep pockets, and I mean deep, who have the resources to buy 1000s of domains, lots of resources working for specialized micro-niche pages, and driving traffic to them, one way or the other, are making money. They have a wide spectrum of websites which is equally balanced with a wide spectrum of website traffic (very high traffic to very low traffic) and they average a very decent income. But they are not on these boards selling their secrets. They stay away from such crap and continue to focus on what works for them. They have the money to do very large scale buying of Adwords and other keywords to drive traffic to their website and keep you out on the periphery.
Ideally, you will already have a website that contains articles and other affiliate offers similar to the ClickBank products you want to promote. If you haven't set one up yet though, don't worry. WordPress is a great free content management system that you can use to start a website and begin publishing articles immediately. Use your articles to draw readers in, then present your ClickBank affiliate offer within the article. You may also want to develop a newsletter for your own website and use it to promote your ClickBank offers to your audience as often as possible. (See: How To Monetize Your Website.)
If you promote say a product from Amazon, the cookie is only valid for 24-hours! Now lets say you have 50,000 visitors a month, realistically, 100-150 or so will click in (I say this from experience and from having seen many high-traffic blogs, who do affiliate marketing). Out of this 100-150 clicks, they usually have 1-3 sales per month. That's it.
Amazon will have you work on micro-projects that require some sort of human interaction. Tasks can include translating a paragraph into English (or another language), rating the search results for certain keywords, or reworking an article. The tasks are simple, and you will be paid a small amount to complete each. But if you do enough tasks quickly, you can make a respectable amount of money.
Video is growing like crazy. And more and more people are looking for professional help cutting their raw footage into viral-worthy content. If you have the right software and a bit of skill, you can easily make money online as a video editor. Check out these article of Fstoppers on how to become an online video editor and then look for relevant jobs on Mandy.com, Creative Cow Job Search, or ProductionHub.
Considering that you have a finite amount of time, passive income should make up a large part of your work. And if you're serious about generating any semblance of income online, then passive income should be one of your sole goals and ambitions. Why? Simply this. Wouldn't you prefer to do the work one time and get paid repeatedly as opposed to relying on your time to generate that income?
Many people fancy themselves as designers. If you have a unique idea for a new product then it may be time to get it designed. This can be a long process involving prototypes, discussions with factories, package design, and much more. However, the profits once the product is on the market could be substantial. And remember, with Amazon FBA, your products can all be stored and shipped by Amazon, giving you time to think up your next invention.
Take good pictures. Some of the options below don’t require you to actually take the picture and sell the product, but for the ones that do, make sure you take a clear picture that makes your product stand out from the others. If you’re going to be taking a lot of pictures, set up a small “studio-like” area in your home with a backdrop and proper lighting to really make your pictures come across as professional. And of course, you’ll want a good camera too.
Tutor students. Many families prefer the flexibility of using an online tutor. Depending on your background, you could be simply helping a child with homework or providing college-level support. You need to have your own computer and high speed internet. Experience required differs among companies. Some require “strong experience,” while others require a specific educational background. However, most companies do require a college degree.
Equally, you can charge businesses to ‘claim’ their listing, a method used by many large directory sites like Google Business and Yelp. This involves companies paying to upgrade their listing and adding information such as their web address, social media links, images, and more. Other revenue streams include charging for ad space, adding affiliate links and even charging for services and products on your directory site.
As of 2014, ClickBank has more than six-million clients and distributes in 190 countries and has carved out a niche in being an easy-to-use platform for entrepreneurs and businesses, enabling powerful online and mobile commerce across a wide variety of lifestyle categories.[6] In August 2014, ClickBank handled approximately 30,000 transactions daily.[2]
This is a great place to start for beginner affiliates. The deeper you get into affiliation, the potential is even great than $50 to $100 in the following industries: Gambling, Adult and Pharma…these industries can get an affiliate a $250+ CPA commission + Rev Share for successful affiliates. The sky is the limit and many people fall into the most amateur affiliate programs which is probably why most affiliates are not successful. I’ve been an affiliate marketer for many years now and if you’re just starting out, the one thing I recommend is first of all: Get familiar with all the tools, affiliation strategies…get to know the programs, establish a connection with your affiliate managers and if you put a lot of time in it and take it seriously…Sooner or later you will succeed. I’ve done it and I am still doing it. I have a few successful sites that I operate, I work both with Click Bank and independent affiliation programs…One word of advice, Amazon and Ebay are over-saturated…Try an affiliate program with a higher CPA and less competition…Competition can be measured simply by using the Google Keyword Tools. Great article! I love your blog. Cheers! Mike
Long-tail keywords are search phrases, rather than one or two words. If you are planning to promote an online poker course for example, you might do some keyword research and decide that the term "online poker course" has too much competition from existing websites, but articles based on things like "When to push during a sit-n-go" don't have as much competition and may yield more traffic.
The gravity is a calculation that determines how many different affiliates had made a sale with this product in the past 12 weeks. This number can give you a good idea what kinds of products are popular and makes a good number of sales. Remember the high gravity score can also indicate a lot of competition. Make sure not to choose a product that has a gravity score of less than 50.
Ask around to find someone who really made it - in affiliate marketing, and the answer is you won't find many. You will however find that most of them transition to some form of a product or service they sell to you, be it content writing, guru-ness teaching, learning the ropes, e-books, sales, etc. all to tell you how to make it in affiliate marketing world. Quite a contradiction.
At the time, I had a ton of people reaching out wanting to hire me (I ranked my self #1 in Google for WordPress SEO Consultant, WordPress SEO Expert, many other good keywords). Unfortunately I struggled with basic things you need to run a service-based business… keeping track of clients, time management, and making sure I was charging clients for my time (and getting them to create content which often seemed impossible).
I will give you a very simple example. Let’s say you build up an audience of 50,000 readers and out of that 50k you have about 1% that trust you (1% of people that trust you online is actually very huge), so that equates to 500 readers. Out of that 500 readers you will have about 10% that will buy your eBook and other affiliate products, so 50 people total. So, if you are selling your eBook for $10, you will make $500. Of course it doesn’t stop there, those people that buy the eBook and like it will most likely recommend it, and you will have a snowball effect where more people keep buying your book and other affiliate products. This is just a rough example that shows you some realistic numbers. Do not ever think that if you build up a huge number of readers that they will all trust you and buy the products that you promote; if it was that easy everyone would be a millionaire by now.
affiliate marketing proposal template pinterest affiliate marketing uk | affiliate marketing to make money terminology of affiliate marketing
Running and charging for webinars can be a great way to build a following in your niche, demonstrate that you are an expert in your field, and make a profit. Hosting a webinar can be hard work. They need to first be promoted, provide original and valuable information, and include interactive elements so your audience can ask questions and engage with your topic. However, once you have built up a large blog following, each webinar can be extremely profitable.
This Return and Cancellation Policy is part of, and incorporated within, the ClickBank Client Contract. As a condition of registering with ClickBank and using the ClickBank Services, you expressly acknowledge that you have read and understand this Return and Cancellation Policy and you agree to be bound by its terms and conditions. If at any time you disagree with this Return and Cancellation Policy or any part of it, your sole remedy is to cease all use of the ClickBank Services and terminate your account. Please note, however, that any transactions which occurred prior to the date of such termination shall be governed and controlled in full by the terms of this Return and Cancellation Policy.
An affiliate marketing program is a lot of work, and in most situations there's a lot of competition so you're not going to be bringing in money immediately. Business owners and entrepreneurs suppose that all you need do is setup a site and choose an affiliate to associate with and then just let it run its course. But according to Three Ladders Marketing, only 0.6% of affiliate marketers surveyed have been in the game since 2013. That means that affiliate marketing takes time and effort to build and make money.
ClickBank is a privately held Internet retailer of both physical and digital products. ClickBank was founded in 1998.[1] The company has more than six-million clients worldwide[2] which secured it in becoming the 87th largest Internet retailer in North America.[3] ClickBank is a subsidiary of Keynetics Inc., one of Idaho's largest privately held technology companies.[4] The company has headquarters in Boise, Idaho, and offices in Broomfield, Colorado.
Not all business owners are tech savvy but the need of the hour is to have a website of their own. Those who have a knack for all- things- tech, especially related to websites, can help small businesses set up their own websites and earn from it. Coding and web designing are the essential ingredients in setting up websites. Further, websites need maintenance and may require frequent updates, which may add to one's revenue. Depending on the client and job, a single project can fetch you anywhere between Rs 20,000 and Rs 1 lakh.
Create a killer course experience: With your course validated and in the works, you need to figure out how people will take it. Most course creators choose to host their courses from their own websites. This way, they get all the value of bringing customers back to their site on a regular basis. I host my own courses from a subdomain on my own site so I can easily add more. The course experience is incredibly important as well. And after trying most of the solutions, I highly recommend Teachable—an online platform designed specifically for courses.
What struck me about Dr. Rose’s experience was how affiliate marketing attracts everyone — from those with no degrees (but with strong work ethics), to those who are fully degreed (and pedigreed), but who want to do their own thing. Dr. Rose stated in that post that her mission was to earn what she earned as a pharmacist in a year — in one month in affilite marketing/blogging.
Hands down I’d say the best thing you can do is research 1 primary keyword, craft an enticing article title that includes your keyword (though it doesn’t have to be an exact match), spend time writing your search engine snippets (SEO titles/meta descriptions), and by far the most important is making your content as VALUABLE as possible through videos, nice graphics, table of contents, bold/colors/styling, etc. Small things like keyword density barely matter.
Now, it’s time to plan out your show. If you’re doing an interview-style show, you’ll now want to start getting some guests involved. You can use your existing social network to reach out to people you already know or are connected with on Twitter or Facebook. You can also head to Medium or Amazon to find authors or experts on topics specific to your niche.
Abby made over $110,000 from sales of digital products (such as eBooks) in 2015, and even more than that in 2016. She started three years ago knowing nothing about blogging and now makes six figures a year, due in large part to her eBooks. She is now teaching others the process she uses to write and launch profitable eBooks, and you guys, it is genius!
Affiliate marketing gives you the chance to make money by promoting products and services by referring them to a site. You are then given the commission once the visitor purchases something or completed an action like signing up for a service or enlisting in the email list. This marketing technique is both favorable for the advertiser and affiliate. Why you ask? This is because the affiliate gets paid while the seller makes the sales they may have not received so all in all it’s a win for both parties.
You must be at least 21 years old, have at least one year of licensed driving experience in the U.S. (three years if you’re under 23 years old), have a valid driver’s license and pass a background check. Also, your car must be a four-door, seat at least four passengers (excluding the driver), be registered in-state and be covered by in-state insurance.
Most platforms follow the process that will ask you to apply by filling in a simple form, and then a teaching demo will have to given their experts. Once selected, documentation and profile creation will be done, followed by training and induction webinar. Once you attend the webinar, you will be listed as a teacher and will get your online sessions to conduct. Beginners can make around Rs 200 per hour, which can increase to Rs 500 as you gain experience and expertise.
Clickbank is a market platform for vendors (product creators) to sell their digital products. Such products could range from ebooks, downloadable resources/programs or online membership sites. On the flip side, it’s also a place that widely attracts affiliate marketers to help these creators sell their products, essentially giving them a source of free publicity and advertising in exchange for a commission fee on every sale.
Learn then selling guidelines. Each marketplace has guidelines that define what you can and cannot sell. State and federal laws also impact what items are prohibited. In general, you cannot sell alcohol, weapons, service contracts, animals or event tickets. Also, while not always prohibited, you may find restrictions on how you can sell items in some categories, such as art, gift cards and coupons.[27] eBay, Craigslist and Amazon publish these guidelines on their websites.
Another thing to consider is that even if you break even on the first sale, you're still winning. All you need to do is create more content about other problems that target market may have following the same principle and queue them one after the other. For example if we target women that want to lose weight they may also have wrinkle problems, digestion problems, diabetes, aging problems etc. We can easily create a chain of issues we run the email list through, let them opt in for what matches their issues and make several sales to that audience.
If you're looking to address some immediate financial needs, then the app economy is likely right for you. Thanks to the global sharing phenomenon, launched in part by our smartphones and ever-burgeoning global connectivity, you could easily opt for some quick active income by using well-known apps. From ride sharing to deliveries and even quick tasks, there's an app for that today, as the saying goes.
Similar to a YouTube vlogger, if you have a large following on Instagram then you could become an Instagram Influencer. You will be paid to promote products in your photos, from wearing certain clothes to action shots of you using particular merchandise. As your Instagram following grows, you may start out simply receiving freebies in return for a picture of you with the item in shot. However, for those with followings running into millions, you can expect large payments to display products in your pictures. Use sites like Hype Factory to help connect you with companies prepared to pay for your influence.
If you have a good idea for an app, and the skills to create it, then producing your own premium app can be profitable. However, with so many free apps available, it may be hard to convince people to pay. If you want to go down the premium app route, consider having a basic free version to encourage people to download the app in the first place. You can then provide the option of upgrading to a premium plan once users realize how useful the app is.
Infographics are currently an extremely popular type of media. An infographic showing information or data in an interesting and fun way can help engage an audience and generate numerous likes and shares. As infographics take more time to create than just simply uploading an image, busy website owners are prepared to pay for custom infographics. And don’t worry, an infographic can be created using simple design software such a Canva. So extensive graphic design skills are not necessary, just a creative eye.
While I was doing WordPress speed optimization I noticed lots of people needed it, but very few people supplied it (there were a lack of services and tutorials when I researched Google). I also knew hosting was the #1 factor of website speed factor and these companies paid up to $200/sale. Hosting is a competitive space but the commissions and lack of supply enticed me.
My situation is I'm a Professor and Program Director for a Community College teaching massage therapy, a very in-demand field yet my college does little marketing. It's my job to recruit students. I have a Facebook page and Twitter, and about 100+ followers on each. Can you see this type of system with funnels etc. working to help recruit potential students? If so, how? I feel like building content and creating opt ins should help, as we too are offering a "product". Thanks for your time!
Consider your expertise. If you take the time to reflect on your experiences, you will realize that you have more knowledge about which to write than you might think. Begin by listing three assets that define you, such as your profession, a special hobby or a personality trait. Next, list three things that inspire you, such as religion, education or charity. Finally, list three of your dreams, such as getting married, traveling or spending more time with your children. These three lists should give you many ideas of topics about which you can write.[13]
If you have graphic design skills then you could make money online by creating and selling your own design elements, like templates, fonts, graphics, and other assets. This is a great way to earn extra money, and build up a portfolio of work, which could lead to you picking up freelance graphic design jobs. Websites like Envato Elements pay you a fee per element sold, which can become quite profitable if your work is popular.
Depends on the Vendor you choose, but most Vendors will supply "affiliate tools" for you to use for marketing. If a vendor does not supply affiliate tools, I would not use them because a good Vendor will make sure that the affiliates has something to work with. If they can't supply proper tools, it is usually not worth promoting the product anyway.
Prior to that group, they had an online community for teachers looking for lesson plans. That probably sounds pretty random, but it's crazy the type of communities you can build and rally people around. If it's something that you're passionate about yourself and you want to connect with others that have that same passion, then an online community is something you should definitely consider.
It can take time to build up your personal freelance business. Yet, there is more demand than ever for freelancers. So, if you want to kick start making money online through freelancing you can join one of the top freelance networks, such as UpWork, Fiverr, Guru, Freelancer.com, or PeoplePerHour. Sign up, build your profile, upload some samples of your work and start making extra money by doing small freelance jobs.
A niche affiliate site often presents like an eCommerce store. To get started with an affiliate site, choose your niche then display products with pictures, descriptions, and prices, just as you would on an online store. However, when visitors click the ‘buy’ button, they will be taken directly to Amazon, to make the purchase. You then make an affiliate fee for sending the traffic to Amazon, but have none of the packaging hassle, or initial financial output creating or buying the products.
Hi Dody! I honestly don’t think that’s a question that can be answered with an one size fits all answer. The best site for affiliate marketing will be based on your niche, what you audience wants and what you are comfortable selling. I know lots of people that RAVE about shareasale.com – I personally haven’t had wild success with them because they don’t offer many products that I personally have found useful / easy to promote on my blog. I would strong suggest taking the making sense of affiliate marketing course – it will clear up any questions you have about affiliate marketing 🙂
You can work as a virtual assistant through dedicated websites, such as Upwork or Zirtual. All kinds of skills are needed, and compensation can vary anywhere between $10 per hour to $100 or more. Obviously, the higher pay will be to people who have more technical skills, such as web building skills and marketing. But you can find work doing administrative tasks at the lower end of the pay scale.
[p]People sometimes get it twisted that I hate the skinny jeans kids, but that隆炉s not true at all . You can hear perfect songs with this Beats Headsets . Beats Detox headphones are specially designed by professional in the music industry . It also feels remarkably [url=http://www.cheapbests4monster.co.uk]Cheap Beats By Dr Dre[/url] tough, and the metal-clad 3 . Isolation i a bit n the weak cheap beats wireless [url=http://www.cheapbests4monster.co.uk]Beats By Dre[/url] side, these headphones leak sound, thr will hear what you r listening t n a quiet environment f yu crank . 隆掳The [url=http://www.beatsbydremonsters.co.uk]cheap beats[/url] Beats by Dr . Although, [url=http://www.beatsbydremonsters.co.uk]customize beats by dre[/url] accumulation solar ability systems for a home reduces the charge to depend on big account companies . I believe [url=http://www.beatsbydremonsters.co.uk]custom beats by dre[/url] they meet Dr . So, along with Beats隆炉 tried and tested premium audio and noise-cancelling tech, you can expect a built-in shut-off feature, which automatically powers down the headphones when not in use, as opposed to unwittingly draining the battery after having left them on all night.[/p][p]cheap beats by dre
According [url=http://www.cheapbests4monster.co.uk]beats dre[/url] to Urbanista隆炉s website, 3 . They隆炉re pretty standard as far as these kinds of helmets go隆陋the headphones are built into the neckroll for a comfortable fit, and there隆炉s a mic and remote on the cord, so you can take calls, change songs, and adjust the volume . iSoniTalk apple iphone enabled head-phone cable 2 . They are the limited edition of beats headphones as [url=http://www.cheapbests4monster.co.uk]beats by dre custom[/url] Dr . 5-inch speakers located in the Charger隆炉s instrument panel and two 3 . You can get superior sound quality with a high degree of fidelity with both the wired and the wireless varieties . Snoop actually reached out to me, which was really dope . Type plastics can be strong as this monster Superman Studio . 5mm auxiliary socket for connection to any audio device that takes standard headphones, and a wireless receiver to stream sounds from your Mac or iOS device.[/p]
Blog Archive May (1) September (1) December (9) August (4) February (1) September (1) August (3) July (1) June (3) May (16) April (8) March (2) February (2) November (5) October (4) July (10) January (10) December (5) November (20) October (12) September (5) August (31) July (4) June (9) May (2) April (5) March (10) February (7) January (10) December (2) November (4) October (12) August (8) July (14) June (10) May (9) April (19)
Tournus Abbey has never been analysed otherwise than by the formalist method. A change in approach will permit to uncover new secrets relating to this monument. A study of the political context – not an easy matter – reveals a very close relationship between Italy and Burgundy around the year 1000, and the twinning of the two construction sites: of Saint-Bénigne in Dijon and that of Saint-Philibert in Tournus.
Almost ignored by historians, the putsch in 1002 at least partially explains the ‘white mantle of churches’, a vast reconstruction movement which Rudolf Glaber believed to have started in that year. Dijon and Tournus are the chefs-d’oeuvre of a co-ordinated wave of construction with a focus on political separatism.
The evocation of Constantine’s accession to power permeates the whole conception of galilee. This is the only part of the abbatial structure analysed here. Several monuments constructed between 310 and 320 served as inspiration to the architect; they are here reproduced in a reduced size. This evocation seems to be connected to Constantine’s Vision of the Cross, an event which, according to an ancient tradition, took place in the Tournus area. This episode is certainly related to the life of Saint Valerien, the evangelist of Tournus, in the second century. This is the first time that such a long legitimising tradition has been described.
The study also reveals that the architect of this abbey can be no other than Guillaume de Volpiano, and the commissioner Otte-Guillaume, duke of Burgundy, his second cousin.
Going beyond the violent imagery conventional to Italian representations of the subject, Domenico Ghirlandaio’s Massacre of the Innocents (1485–1490) presents an unsettling mixture of dazzling beauty and graphic violence. The fresco, located in the high chapel of the Florentine church of Santa Maria Novella, juxtaposes sumptuous fabrics and gleaming metal surfaces with bloodied and broken infant bodies. While representations of the Massacre often featured piles of mangled corpses, the prominent inclusion in the fresco of pieces of the Holy Innocents – severed heads and arms – was a highly atypical divergence from the established iconography of the scene. This article considers how the depiction of body parts in the Ghirlandaio fresco – and in a related painting of the same subject by Matteo di Giovanni – shaped the viewing experience. I argue that in their original devotional context, these paintings would have fostered a ‘reliquary mode of seeing’ by combining formal features characteristic of reliquaries with the representation of relic-like body fragments. Furthermore, the relationship with reliquary devotion was made exceptionally palpable and immediate by the presence of relics of the Holy Innocents in the churches were both paintings were located. The body parts in the paintings thus would have served as metonyms for the relics themselves: the depicted heads and limbs framed with painted signs of material splendor, the actual relics encased in precious materials.
The picture now in Antwerp depicting Jacopo Pesaro, the bishop of Paphos, and Pope Alexander VI before Saint Peter is sometimes referred to as Titian’s earliest painting. In writing about it Panofsky suggested ‘there is hardly any trace of blue: St. Peter is clad in a red mantle (Titian did not as yet know, or chose to disregard, the tradition according to which St. Peter should wear a yellow mantle over a blue coat)’. But did such an iconographic cannon of color exist during the Renaissance and if so, was Titian simply too young to know better when he put Peter in red? A quick look at other North Italian paintings by artists such as Mantegna, Girolamo Dai Libri and Giovanni Bellini suggests that Titian was probably well aware of a tradition of dressing Saint Peter in red and yellow. No doubt, he was also fully aware that certain colors were given moral meanings in emblem books and contemporary poetry. Red, for example, was a color of the liturgical calendar marking Christ’s Passion and the blood of the martyrs and was specifically associated with papal authority. Saint Peter, we might posit, is shown in pontifical red because he represents the divinely sanctioned authority of the Church. This authority is underscored by the red and gold papal banner being presented to him, by the pope and Jacopo Pesaro before the papal fleet sailed into battle against the Turks. From at least the eleventh century, popes had personally bestowed specially blessed banners on warriors leading military expeditions. It is hard simply to dismiss Titian’s choice of red in the Antwerp picture as a youthful misstep when one realizes that around 1526 he again used red and yellow for Peter’s garments in the San Nicolò della Lattuga altarpiece. Titian, it seems, was not too young to know that within different contexts, Saint Peter’s role and hence the color of his drapery might change.
GIORGIO TAGLIAFERRO - A New Agony in the Garden by Titian and His Collaborators, and the Problem of Originality in Late Titian (pp. 107-126)
A New Agony in the Garden by Titian and His Collaborators, and the Problem of Originality in Late Titian
Throughout his career, and especially in the last three decades of his life, Titian issued from his workshop a sizeable number of variants and replicas of compositions of any subject and format. The circulation of so many paintings was boosted by a huge request from collectors across Europe, and helped Titian to establish himself as a widely celebrated artist. Over the years, the master developed an unconventional working method that privileged the unevenness of the pictorial surface over uniformity and homogeneity, thus emphasising the process of art-making. Indeed, it is especially for his peculiar, idiosyncratic handling of the brush that he was renowned, and his paintings sought after. Furthermore, this technique matched up with the cult of the personality that Titian himself fostered. At the same time, however, several of the variants and replicas produced in the late years raise the problem of how the collaboration with assistants affected the notion itself of authorship and originality. How did his innovative technique, which highlighted his virtuosity and individuality, go with the documented, extensive contribution by his collaborators? Moreover, if each variant or replica received a unique, distinctive pictorial treatment, can we still draw a clear line between originals and derivations?
By presenting a previously unpublished version of Titian’s Agony in the Garden, whose composition is known through a painting executed for Philip II and now in the monastery of San Lorenzo del Escorial, this study seeks to discuss and establish a new theory of the nature of authorship in Titian’s late collaborative works. The new painting is here acknowledged as a joint work by the master and his collaborators, and stands as an example of how the novel aesthetics developed by Titian tolerated and perhaps even encouraged the incorporation of different hands into many of his late works.
The ‘Loggia della Galatea’ in the Villa Farnesina has a long history among iconographers. We know that the subjects were selected to convey themes involving the Four Elements in order to celebrate the patron Agostino Chigi: Fire in relation to the vault painted by Baldassarre Peruzzi, Air for Sebastiano del Piombo’s lunettes, Earth and Water for the main frescoes on the wall, Sebastiano’s Poliphemus and Raphael’s Galatea. But whereas Chigi’s horoscope has been recognized as a perfect clockwork of astrology, with the mythological gods associated with the planets, and Chigi’s marital plans are alluded to by the Galatea, symbolizing Neoplatonic love, there has been no explanation concerning the Ovidian themes painted in the lunettes, an embarrassing assembly of baleful events, ranging from rape to abduction, violence, betrayal and death. This author provides specific new readings of them, explaining the violent stories taking place in the realm of Air as symbols of the passions according to the sixteenth-century moralizing commentaries on the Metamorphoses (up to now never considered in this context, but crucial to the understanding the overall organization of the decorative programme of the Loggia), closely connecting them to Agostino’s microcosm. Thanks to this newly discovered system of meanings, which allows for the identification of previously misunderstood subjects, such as the Cumaen Sibyl and Apollo, the lunettes can be now firmly placed into a tightly structured and consistent iconographic programme of the Loggia.
he whispers his touch so light the promise lingers in his eyes he watches his patience steady the certainty so true in his smile he laughs his love inevitable plain for all to see in his reverence Sully in Blindspot TV Blindspot – Another good episode last week but the scene that totally stopped me…
why do I miss you I know you won’t forget me we’ll both remember Sully in Blindspot TV Blindspot – The show came back this week and we actually watched it the day after it aired. Action packed ep and I couldn’t help thinking of Strike Back. Sully still holds his guns the same way,…
I don’t remember when it began no matter the steps that I retrace I only know here I am perfection sweet this time, this place perhaps my heart will break someday wishing it could only just forget your smile, your touch your tempting ways yet I know I could never regret no matter if one…
the moment I saw you the world stopped a taste of forever a sliver of perfection then I knew why as I took a breath the reason for my being shone in your smile I’ll give you everything for just one thing to wake warm beside you see the morning in your eyes Sam Hunt…
this heart beats softly anticipation beneath waiting for the spark from Strike Back, of course I’m watching 300 Rise of an Empire because that’s what I do on the weekends. 😉 Sometimes it’s just noise in the background. Sometimes I sit and actually pay attention. Sometimes I stop at certain moments just to take a…
dare you to resist just a smile, just a whisper this promise to you LOVE his delighted smile… Sully… Strike Back I think I have started four or five stories and all the characters seem to just want sexy time. WTH. I start with one scene to try and figure out the characters but they’re…
Guardians of the Galaxy – GO SEE THIS MOVIE. It was was fun, adventuresome, touching, funny, and action packed. It’s probably the only movie I’m going to see in the theatre this summer and it’s totally worth it. James Gunn and his crew did a FANTASTIC job. (Quoting my quick FB post. LOL) I was…
poem #1: you are my weakness the glow of light within me the breath I must take poem #2: would you stray so far stand within the dark fringes reside with shadows my heart wishes for more of this… How long has it been since I’ve done the haikus? I feel like it has been…
tempt me a moment yet unspoken linger with a smile on your lips reach for my hand the Friday view of the desk It’s Spring Break for the students out this way. GLORIOUS!!! I’m doing my usual Mondays off plus we have half days on the Fridays. Good times, good times. 😉 The Veronica Mars…
sometimes you must understand you have no moves listen with your heart let it all just fade if only for this moment vanity can have no play arise from the despair next time comes your turn Sullivan Stapleton, “Themistokles” in 300 Rise of an Empire 300 Rise of an Empire… Let’s get the fangirl stuff…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my friends Lisa and Kim. And Happy Birthday to Tom Hardy! 🙂 rugby makes me happy I am still breathing pushing away the despair slipping through my heart
archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (5) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (4) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (5) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (4) December 2017 (5) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (6) September 2017 (5) August 2017 (4) July 2017 (6) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (5) April 2017 (7) March 2017 (5) February 2017 (5) January 2017 (4) December 2016 (8) November 2016 (5) October 2016 (7) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (5) July 2016 (7) June 2016 (6) May 2016 (6) April 2016 (6) March 2016 (5) February 2016 (7) January 2016 (5) October 2015 (2) August 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (13) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (13) December 2014 (28) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (43) September 2014 (41) August 2014 (74) July 2014 (53) June 2014 (42) May 2014 (44) April 2014 (70) March 2014 (51) February 2014 (36) January 2014 (44) December 2013 (59) November 2013 (63) October 2013 (106) September 2013 (112) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (30) June 2013 (27) May 2013 (31) April 2013 (29) March 2013 (32) February 2013 (31) January 2013 (39) December 2012 (32) November 2012 (24) October 2012 (33) September 2012 (31) August 2012 (31) July 2012 (27) June 2012 (34) May 2012 (27) April 2012 (16) March 2012 (29) February 2012 (41) January 2012 (31) December 2011 (32) November 2011 (31) October 2011 (33) September 2011 (31) August 2011 (32) July 2011 (34) June 2011 (30) May 2011 (34) April 2011 (35) March 2011 (35) February 2011 (31) January 2011 (40) December 2010 (40) November 2010 (34) October 2010 (39) September 2010 (32) August 2010 (36) July 2010 (40) June 2010 (31) May 2010 (38) April 2010 (63) March 2010 (15) January 2010 (1) September 2009 (1) August 2009 (7) July 2009 (1) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (5) February 2009 (4) January 2009 (5) December 2008 (4) September 2008 (1) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (1) February 2008 (1) December 2006 (1) July 2006 (1) December 2005 (2) October 2005 (2) July 2005 (1) November 2004 (1) February 2004 (2) December 2003 (1) September 2003 (1) July 2003 (2) June 2003 (1) May 2003 (1) April 2003 (1) March 2003 (2) February 2003 (1) January 2003 (1) December 2002 (1) November 2002 (3) September 2002 (2) August 2002 (2) July 2002 (1) May 2002 (4) April 2002 (7) March 2002 (3) February 2002 (1) January 2002 (4) December 2001 (1) September 2001 (5) August 2001 (1) June 2001 (4) May 2001 (7) April 2001 (7) March 2001 (33)
The paper discusses the forgeries of El Greco’s paintings from the twentieth century, dividing them into the following categories: a) modern copies that are the same as the original, except for their format and some minor details; b) reinterpretations of original works, amended in order to appear to be ‘variations’ by the artist himself, using different motifs taken from his other paintings; c) more creative combinations, mixing together inspiration from works by both the painter himself and other artists with whom he was undoubtedly in contact; d) images painted in the style of El Greco, but without any actual reference to known original pieces and, if anything, with details that are quite alien to the world of the master; e) signatures on paintings that were contextually similar to the world of El Greco, and which were granted plausibility as his autograph works thanks to these inscriptions. Many examples are provided, mostly relating to works that have appeared on the art market accompanied by the expert opinion of leading specialists.
In the 1630s, Alessandro Sforza distinguished with crowns several Marian images ‘venerated for antiquity and miracles’, including Michelangelo’s Vatican Pietà, carved c. 1500. It was crowned in 1637, although there is no record of any miracles believed to have been worked by it. The contention of this paper is that three reasons might have contributed to the crowning of the Vatican Pietà: its reputation as a devotional image, its connection with an artistic rather than religious notion of miraculousness, and its relationship to other Marian images venerated in the Vatican Basilica (above all, the Madonna della Febbre, crowned in 1631).
This article examines a ubiquitous but little noted piece of furniture: the chair. Power and prestige are connoted when a represented subject is seated, and especially when seated in a special sort of chair, commonly known as a ‘Savonarola’ chair. The article investigates the long history of this specific type of furniture, particularly in Italian Renaissance painting, before turning to the message conveyed two eloquent examples of the symbolic power of the chair and its occupant. In two paintings from the ‘Michelangelo Gallery’ in the Casa Buonarroti (by Anastasio Fontebuoni and Cosimo Gamberucci), we see moments in the artist’s life when an x-shaped ‘seat of power’ is central to the narrative episode represented. In each of these works, the chair is a little noticed, yet eloquent protagonist.
This article examines the sepulchral monuments commissioned by Pius V (1566–1572), which include a mausoleum for himself and three tombs for men he held in high esteem. These projects have never before been discussed together and the author reconstructs the circumstances surrounding each of the commissions to demonstrate the personal and political motivations behind them. The author also considers their use of coloured marbles, looking particularly at how this relates to the paragone between painting and sculpture, concluding that these important papal commissions were not only informed by the reforming demands of their patron but by contemporary artistic theory.
Closed in 1806 and later demolished, the little Franciscan church of San Niccolò ai Frari in Venice was previously decorated with an ensemble of sixteenth-century paintings of great distinction. These included, in addition to a major work by Titian above the high altar, a cycle by Paolo Veronese and his family assistants, also involving his younger contemporaries Paolo Fiammingo and Palma Giovane. Using contemporary documents and early printed sources, the present article traces a history of the church and provides a reconstruction of the original arrangement of these paintings, drawing new conclusions about their dating, patronage, and iconography.
Caravaggio’s Saint John the Baptist (Rome, Galleria Borghese) was painted in 1609–1610 for Cardinal Scipione Borghese, the nephew of Pope Paul V, and although many scholars have carefully studied and analyzed it in the last decades, the meaning of this unusual image has not been fully revealed. This present article focuses on the parable of the Good Shepherd related in the Gospel of St John (10, 11–21) as a key to the reading of particular aspects of Caravaggio’s work, and interprets its depiction as a visual message conveyed to Cardinal Borghese that the artist strongly wished a pardon from the Pope for the murder that he had committed on 28 May 1606.
Claude Lorrain’s evocation of the world of classical antiquity in his paintings is rightly celebrated, but his indebtedness to antique painting has been the subject of some speculation. This article explores the evidence, in the light of recent research and in the context of a heightened interest in the antique in seventeenth-century Rome. Many of the artist’s noble Roman patrons collected examples of antique painting, or drawings after them by P. S. Bartoli and his son Francesco, while illustrations to the Vatican Virgil (borrowed by both Cassiano dal Pozzo and Camillo Massimo) may have provided the starting point for Claude’s rendering of bucolic subjects.
While it is widely recognized that many successful artists, such as Titian, made autograph replicas of their own paintings, this phenomenon is only beginning to be studied in the work of Guercino. He started making such replicas from the very beginning of his career, since a surprising number of duplicate versions have been identified from before his Roman period (1621–1623). Repetitions made during the period of the artist’s Account Book (from 1629 until the artist’s death in 1666), on the other hand, are a more vexed issue. The debate over prime and second versions by Guercino from his mature period was reopened in 2005 with the re-appearance on the London art market of Guercino’s lost version from Northbrook Park of his 1645 composition, Semiramis at her Toilet Receiving a Messenger, first published by Denis Mahon in 1949 and now in a private collection, New York. Less than five years earlier, another autograph version of the same subject, now in the Cobbe Collection at Hatchlands Park, had come to light and was also endorsed by Mahon. This article examines the differences between the two versions and concludes that the Cobbe version of the composition (commissioned by Cardinal Federigo Cornaro), slightly less finished, was painted first.
We got a chance to sit down with IUSD Superintendent Terry Walker, as well as other IUSD leadership team members for an in-depth conversation in a new video, The State of IUSD.
This season long program is available for fall season, winter season and spring seasons. The program is designed to offer a competitive experience to players looking to challenge themselves at the next level. Players will train alongside our club squads and receive instruction from licensed Kickers coaches. This opportunity is perfect for players looking to expand their practice opportunities or who are considering the move to travel soccer.
Players will be evaluated at the first session on current skill levels and be placed with a Kickers SC team where they their development needs will be met and challenged.
Player then train alongside a Kickers SC team once a week and receive an evaluation from the team coach at the end of the season.
Date: Training dates will vary depending on placement. Players attend one (1) team training session per week.
Specially designed for daycare centers. Cubbie openings are 13½" wide x 14" deep x 10" high. Overall 57½" wide x 15" deep x 35½" high.
Currently there are no reviews for this product. Share your opinion with others, be the first to write a review.
I’ve always loved creating photo albums and scrapbooks and that hasn’t changed since our little one arrived. What has changed are the types of projects I gravitate towards. Instead of scrapbooking, I’ve been making a lot of photo books lately. I’ll talk about two of the books, in addition to some cute thank you cards and handprint ornaments.
The first two photo books I made were actually started before our son was even born. I always use Mixbook for my photo books because their picture and paper quality can’t be beat. Plus, their website is so easy to use. I discovered them when I was looking for a fun thank you card idea after my wedding, and loved that Mixbook allowed me to customize the card in so many ways. I used them again for our wedding albums and had fun ordering albums for my mom and mother in law using their many different paper and album types (the lay flat albums were a big hit!).
Anyway, back to the baby books. Since we live about 3000 miles from family, I wanted to find a way, other than Facetime, for our baby to get to know his relatives. So, I decided to make a picture book for him. Every family member (grandma, grandpa, uncles, aunts, cousins) has their own page and on it is their picture and their message to the baby. Some of the pages also have maps that show where the relative lives. It was a lot of fun putting together and our son loves looking at the pictures of the family faces in his My Family book. Mixbook has tons of templates you can start with, but I found it easier to use a blank canvas this time around. Here is the cover of the book and one of the last pages.
The second photo book I made is called Getting Ready for the Baby. This one incorporates sequence words (first, then, next, last) throughout the book as we tell the story of how mommy and daddy got ready for the baby (e.g., First we went to the baby store to buy a stroller. Then we went to the fire station to get it installed.). Of course, there are large pictures on each page showing each step. Again our baby seems to love seeing our faces in the book and we love that he is learning some key vocabulary about his life along the way!
Another item that counts towards Memory expenses are the thank you cards we sent out for the shower gifts. Again, I turned to Mixbook for this as I wanted to personalize the cards. We waited until we had our newborn pictures taken, which was seven days after he was born. Then, I quickly chose my favorite pictures and put them on one of the Mixbook thank you card templates. They actually had one with an elephant on it (the Baby Blue Elephant template), which was our baby shower theme, so it was perfect! I was able to customize it to fit three pictures on the front instead of just one. The whole project was done and ordered within 20 minutes. These, in addition to an email that we sent out to friends and family, took the place of a formal baby announcement. The last thing I’ll talk about, for now, are the handprint and footprint salt ornaments that I made. I had little faith that these would turn out well, and the first batch proved me right, as the imprints were very faint. The second batch were better and I was able to take them to the next level by filling in the prints with glitter and sealing the whole thing with a few coats of varnish. These are great mementos that I’ll look back on in a few years to remember how tiny our little guy once was.
I’m planning to put together an album of our son’s first year (in Mixbook, of course!), so that will be another cost here that I’ll update once it’s been ordered.
Ways to save money in this category would be to go the regular thank you card route and not order a special card with pictures (although, then you might feel the need to order announcements…). Also, of course, you don’t need to order the custom photo books, make salt ornaments, or pay for newborn pictures– those are all really just nice-to-haves to remember this special time in your lives.
The main thing that I think would increase the total in this category would be the newborn pictures. We were very lucky in that we found a photographer we liked at this price, but many are more expensive.
Category: Expense Breakdown and tagged in: footprints, hand prints, memories, photo, photo albums, photo shoot, pictures, salt ornaments, scrapbooks, thank you cards
Summer Camps for Kids and Teens in Vancouver, Coquitlam, Surrey, Richmond and Mission BC | Kids Clubs, Family Activities and Children's Sports in Burnaby, Vancouver, Surrey, Richmond and the entire lower mainland of BC
For clubs, schools and other organizations, please email (info@kidsclubs.ca) for early bird avertisment price!
Art Camps, Dance Camps, Music Camps, Preschool Camps, Biking Camps, Lego Camps, Soccer Camps, Basketball Camps, Martial Arts Camps, Jewelry Design Camps, Pottery camps, Padding Camps, Clay camps, Educational Gaming Camps, Glee camps, Sewing Camps, Nature and Outdoor Camps and summer camps for special needs children including including kids with autism, learning disabilities, ADHD and giftedness ...
For clubs, schools and organizations, please Contact us now for 2018 Summer Camp listing advertising opportunity!
Are you looking for a children's category and/or family activity and you cannot find it? We invite you to send kidsclubs an e-mail and suggest the category that you could not find on our web site.
If we already have the category you are looking for but you know of a service and/or product for children that is not on our web site, we would appreciate if you could send us an e-mail.
Clubhouse Kids is a local community program of the Thriving Kids Care Society. We offer day camps throughout all school breaks (winter, spring and summer). Please visit our website, send us an email or call for more detailed information.
Want a Professional Website Design for your Clubs and/or Schools at an affordable price? Contact Us today!
Copyright © 2018 Kids Clubs website www.kidsclubs.ca. Designed, maintained, and hosted by DPG Associates Web Design
Ensure IT compliance to IT Risk and Security standards and practices, where applicable to role. The IT Audit – Intern is responsible for understanding,…
@TampaBayTech I have a few member that would be interested in getting involved...how should they reach out to you ?6 days ago
@AngusRedBlue @DC480AZ @DC602_Actual How would you like them to contact you? Can you DM me the contact email address ?7 days ago
RT @AngusRedBlue: Our #DFIR vacancy we are recruiting for is now also looking for Juniors/Grads with #GCFA based in #TampaFL or #TusconAZ…7 days ago
We have had over 200 tickets sold in 2 weeks...get your ticket to B-Sides Tampa now before Early Bird ends (Novembe… https://t.co/MvtZdfgfMq10 days ago
Download e-book for iPad: Rock the Rebel: Riot Grrrls & Feminism (German Edition) by Ariane Petschow
Download e-book for iPad: Particle Accelerators, Colliders, and the Story of High by Raghavan Jayakumar
The directors present their report together with the financial statements of ASX Limited (ASX or the Company) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group), for the half-year ended 31 December 2017 and the auditor's report thereon. The financial statements have been reviewed and approved by the directors on the recommendation of the ASX Audit and Risk Committee. The consolidated net profit after tax for the half-year ended 31 December 2017 attributable to the owners of ASX was $230.5 million (31 December 2016: $219.4 million).The directors present their report together with the financial statements of ASX Limited (ASX or the Company) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group), for the half-year ended 31 December 2017 and the auditor's report thereon. The financial statements have been reviewed and approved by the directors on the recommendation of the ASX Audit and Risk Committee. The consolidated net profit after tax for the half-year ended 31 December 2017 attributable to the owners of ASX was $230.5 million (31 December 2016: $219.4 million)
Find people with high expectations and a low tolerance for excuses. They'll have higher expectations for you than you have for yourself. Don't flatter yourself that this has much to do with you - this is just who they are. Don't look for "nice" in these relationships. Look for...
Full Screen TroLand.io is an exciting multiplayer online game in which you can play alone, with friends or many players from around the world. Completely free, without lags, visible delays and glitches.
Full Screen SkyWars.io is an io game a little like other games of the genre on http://titotu.ru. Enjoy the beautiful three-dimensional landscape, fight with rivals and try to win the maximum number of victories....
Full Screen Warfronts.io is a 3D battle survival shooter. The living area is shrinking, and you need to stock up on time for a deadly fight weapon! How to play : The combat mission...
Full Screen Lama.io is a minimalist io game about everyone’s beloved lama! We’ll have to try to win. How to play: Do you think Lama io will need to be pumped? And can throw...
Full Screen Nemroth io is a cool 2D game with amazing physics and lots of tricks. How to play: The combat mission in Nemroth.io and it is to earn as many frags as possible...
Full Screen Orbz.iois a classic io style game. Elementary rules, a lot of players and serious rivalry are waiting for you! How to play: The main goal in Orbz.io is to outrun other players...
The HUMACITE programme is a 2 to 5-month period in which all students, whatever their course of study at La Rochelle Business School, dedicate themselves to a humanitarian, social or civic initiative, in France or abroad, working closely with populations in great difficulty.
It offers each student the opportunity to experience a unique human adventure that is fundamental for his or her personal development and often a decisive factor in the choice of a career path.
Participation is mandatory, supervised and evaluated. Completion of HUMACITE is required to earn a degree.
Students are prepared in advance for this original adventure. 15 to 30 hours of classes, depending on the degree programme, are provided in humanitarian issues, preparation of the project, expatriation, commitment, social awareness... Each student is provided with methodological tools and receives personalised support from the school's teams, ensuring that this adventure is an unforgettable success.
Select a language Albanian Bulgarian Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Finnish French German Greek Hungarian Italian Lativian Lithuanian Maltese Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian
Know Kilbourne High Class of 1973 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1973 Class List by adding missing names.
The Exorcist was the top movie in theaters in 1973, with a lifetime gross of over $204,868,002. Among TV shows in 1973, All in the Family was the most popular of the year.
More 1973 alumni from Kilbourne HS Kilbourne, LA have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1973 alumni.
Missing some friends from KHS that graduated with you in 1973? Check the list below that shows the Kilbourne Kilbourne, LA class of '73.
Don't forget to upload your Kilbourne High School pictures and check on the latest info about any Kilbourne High School reunion.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Kilbourne High School	of Kilbourne, Louisiana
During my recent business trip i encountered a problem connecting the internet with my idevice in hotel room. As in the hotel room they only...
The picture below shows that The PPStream for Linux especially Slackware will not work if you have the flashplayer plugin in your firefox pr...
After few weeks of searching thru the internet; testing and retest and... etc. Finally, have found the way to put them together. The below...
This is a bit out of topic... When you are not be able to ssh to your iphone... as the error message as below: ssh_exchange_identificatio...
Yes. It's really challenging to install the gnucash under slackware. For this financial application to work under slackware, the fastest...
Plug in the USB Modem, check if the driver's loaded correctly by execute 'dmesg' command... look for GSM Modem as below: Once ...
Here's the shortcut you can do if your Firefox doesn't support Chinese/other language Input? Go to dictionary.com and select the tr...
InfusionSoft is a fully functional CRM and marketing solution created for small and medium size businesses. Comparing it to MailChimp or AWeber is like comparing a Lamborghini to a VW Golf. It provides highly advanced features for list segmentation, lead scoring and marketing automation. On top of all that, you can integrate all of these features with your optin form using Infusionsoft Tags + OptinMonster.
Unsubscribe rate. Unsubscribes are always going to happen no matter what, and that’s usually OK because those people probably would never have bought from you anyway. However, a high unsubscribe rate can indicate that you are losing potential customers. Check the following: Why did people subscribe to your list in the first place, and are you delivering on that promise? Is the content of your autoresponder highly relevant to the segment it is being sent to? Are you sending too many sales emails with too little value emails?
Display ads are typically highly targeted to different demographic or behavioral actions. You can select where you want the ads to be seen by choosing an online publication that you feel is a place where your leads spend time, or you can also leverage re-targeter ads that can cookie a lead that views your site. With re-targeter ads, once a person gets cookied, your ads appear on other sites that he or she visits afterwards. Through online ads you can reach more of your target audience, educate potential prospects, and drive leads. Display ads also serve a purpose at every stage in the funnel—building brand and audience at Top of Funnel, educating and helping evaluation at Mid-Funnel, and increasing conversions at Bottom of Funnel.
Auto responders present an excellent opportunity to create email marketing results with minimal effort after the initial build out. However, the key to success is to think through the process during the build out and to monitor the program carefully for the first several months in order to optimize it. We'll discuss auto responders throughout the remainder of this book when talking about email design, implementation, tracking and optimization.
You may think direct mail is a thing of the past. But it’s still effective for targeted communications. Consider a content asset developed for high-level executives. Executives don’t usually browse the web for information. And it can be hard to get through to them via email. That means they may not come across the content you’ve developed with them in mind. This is where direct mail can prove powerful. You could send a direct mail piece to this audience to make them aware of your new, targeted content asset. Direct mail also gives you a chance to grab the attention of a hot prospect by being creative and interesting with your message and presentation.
If you’ve been following along from the beginning, you have now learned how to grow your email list to epic proportions, you’ve segmented your list so that your emails are highly relevant to each individual subscriber, and you’ve learned how to send amazingly effective emails that have a high open-rate. Now you are ready to automate the process and turn your campaigns into money-making machines! http://1287170585.rsc.cdn77.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/3Stages_EmailMkt_Branding.png
Your account can keep track of new prospect lists, of old customer lists, of new customer lists, etc. all in one manageable database. You can import contact data into your account for quick and easy follow-up. And you can export data as needed. Sending regular emailings to past customers encouraging them to buy more, more often are simple to set-up and distribute.
Form-Scraping Tool: A form scraping tool that collects submissions on your website's existing forms helps you automatically consolidate all your leads into your contact database, regardless of which form visitors submitted on your website. HubSpot customers can create and embed forms using HubSpot, which automatically populate into your CMS. Non-HubSpot customers can use a form creation tool like Contact Form 7, JetPack, or Google Forms, and then use HubSpot's free collected forms feature to automatically capture form submissions and input them to a contact database.
If your small business wants more customer conversions (i.e. sales), then learning when and how to use autoresponders is a step in the right direction. These pre-scheduled emails, usually one or more in a series, are triggered by customer behavior and can be used to target, engage and convert prospects to buyers. An individual autoresponder can even become a standalone product by itself.
These examples might make it seem like lead generation is pretty easy; it is not. To get people to divulge information about themselves, you should be able to articulate the value in your business solution. Plus you need to be present in channels that get you closest to your target audience. Articulating value is a broad, multi-layered topic, and it has as much to do with soft skills as it has to do with your knowledge of the business. However, there are specific channels you can tap into when it comes to lead generation, and that’s where we’re heading next.
First, act as though you’re a prospect making their way to your business’s landing page. Start by ensuring that the links to your landing page are working, wherever they may be — email, PPC networks, sponsored social media posts, etc. Are they driving you to the landing page that they’re supposed to? Does everything look the way you intended on every browser? https://1xqdqy285sk7212bfiejcprr-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/email-marketing-process.png
Whenever possible, add a personal element to your emails. Most email tools allow you to enter shortcodes that will be replaced with the recipient’s name when the email is sent out. Emails from Treehouse Co-Founder Ryan are always fun and personal. The subject lines are creative, messages are sent "from" Ryan's email address, and the content is personalized. If you reply to the mail, you'll even get a prompt response from Ryan himself!
An auto responder is generally more similar in content to a newsletter than it is to a direct sales email, though it combines many of the elements of both. The content can vary wildly though based on your industry segment and what you've promised subscribers. The most common type of auto responder content will be tips or advice, but you can also do great things with recipes, serial fiction pieces, inspirational quotes and a variety of other topics. Essentially, you are looking for content that will engage users over a period of time while also providing a platform to encourage sales of your product or service or visits to your website.
Marketing Automation is now a mature marketing technique, but across businesses many of the available tools are not fully exploited. Learn how to improve your marketing across the customer lifecycle by successfully leveraging B2B and B2C marketing automation techniques. Through B2B and B2C business cases, you will learn: how to review their current marketing automation maturity, how to prioritise their future investments in the year ahead, how to map their current approach against different customer touchpoints to identify new techniques.
Lead generation is very important for the growth of a business. The buying process has changed and marketeers need to rethink and refocus their efforts in order to stay relevant. If people demonstrate to you that they are interested in your business, when you go to contact them about your offering they are no longer a stranger– but rather a true sales prospect who has “told” you they are interested in your product or service.
Following the alignment process (Step #1), every sales rep should understand how to use the CRM and other lead intelligence tools to be able to quickly evaluate sales qualified leads and reach out to them quickly. Lead intelligence will help reps formulate a strategy for engaging with their prospects, gain their interest and trust, and develop a relationship that leads to a closed sale. This process is called sales nurturing. Every rep needs to update the CRM following every communication to keep lead status up-to-date and make sure that Marketing doesn't step on the sales process with inappropriate content. Once a sale is consummated, Customer Service should be notified via the CRM and take over managing the account. Sales also needs to set up automated reminders for following up with their customers and setting the table for up-sells and retained services. Marketing and Product Development also need to stay in the loop to send supporting, customer-centric content that educates customers on best practices and upcoming releases.
It’s also important to understand that operationally we need to break down silos. Effective lead generation relies on marketers’ ability to connect the website user experience your site serves up, plus what you’re doing with SEO and SEM, email marketing, content marketing, and social media strategy, with a well-integrated blend of sales expertise. None of these things can be effective on their own, although we see companies separating out these services and failing to integrate them all the time. Big mistake.
Write great subject lines. David Ogilvy once said that 80 cents of your dollar should be spent on writing headlines. With emails, the subject line is just as important. If it doesn’t catch your attention, you won’t open it. So, spend the majority of your time writing and polishing your subject line. A great email subject line entices curiosity about the content of the email. It’s also personal, and highly relevant to the recipient. To learn more about how to write amazing subject lines, we have an entire blog post on the topic: 30 Successful Bloggers Share Their Best Converting Email Subject Line. http://dgmseo.com/images/email1.png
Expired Listings. “These are listings that realtors had on the Multiple Listing Service (MLS) and they didn’t sell. I personally love these because they tend to be more frustrated already, having not sold with a realtor. This will many times translate into immediate appointments opposed to the ‘for sale by owners’ that need some time typically. Where do you get expired listings? It used to be that you had to work with someone that was licensed to get them. Now there are services that offer them so it's super easy to get a constant feed of them.”
Whether you already have a list of subscribers or are starting from scratch, email marketing services can help. All of the services we cover let you add contacts manually using copy and paste or by uploading CSV or Microsoft Excel files. Some integrate with third-party software enabling you to import Gmail and other webmail contacts, Salesforce.com and other customer relationship management (CRM) data, or other software where you might have contacts stored. Depending on the size and location of your list, third-party integration could be key. Verify whether you can export contacts as well (and how easy it is to do so) should you leave the service. Managing users who unsubscribe should also be easy so you're not accidentally contacting anyone who has opted out of your newsletters.
The most advanced email marketing services offer custom workflows where you can specify triggers based on actions (such as opening an email or making a purchase) or on inaction (such as ignoring emails). With these services, you can also set up a series of emails (such as tutorials) to be sent to segments of users, and you can pause or stop a campaign at any time. You can also move contacts into new segments once they have completed tutorials.
An MQL is one step higher than a lead, in terms of the level of engagement with your business. An MQL typically performs an activity, like downloading your ebook, which is a clear indication of their interest in your business. Sometimes an MQL can also be determined based on their demographic profile. MQLs are ready to be nurtured, but they’re not ready to buy just yet. They’re usually handed over by the marketing team to the sales team.
As of mid-2016 email deliverability is still an issue for legitimate marketers. According to the report, legitimate email servers averaged a delivery rate of 73% in the U.S.; six percent were filtered as spam, and 22% were missing. This lags behind other countries: Australia delivers at 90%, Canada at 89%, Britain at 88%, France at 84%, Germany at 80% and Brazil at 79%.[7]
Your website is where the magic happens. This is the place where your audience needs to convert. Whether it is encouraging prospective buyers to sign up for your newsletter or fill out a form for a demo, the key is to optimize your website for converting browsers into actual leads. Pay attention to forms, Calls-to-Action (CTA), layout, design, and content.
Did you know that 74% of companies that weren’t exceeding revenue goals didn't know their visitor, lead, MQL, or sales opportunities numbers? How about that over 70% of companies not achieving their revenue goals generate fewer than 100 leads per month, and only 5% generate more than 2,500 leads per month? These are just a few examples of what you’ll find in the report.
Every week, the folks at InVision send a roundup of their best blog content, their favorite design links from the week, and a new opportunity to win a free t-shirt. (Seriously. They give away a new design every week.) They also sometimes have fun survey questions where they crowdsource for their blog. This week's, for example, asked subscribers what they would do if the internet didn't exist.
: a function of e-mail software that automatically sends a response to incoming messages Unanswered e-mail is as big a turnoff as unanswered calls. Consider using your ISP's autoresponder to acknowledge received e-mail. It lets the visitors know their message arrived and gives you an opportunity to thank them for visiting the site.— Victoria Hall Smith, PC World, January 1999
If you want to integrate your email with your shopping cart but don’t quite want to spring for InfusionSoft, 1ShoppingCart could be your answer. 1ShoppingCart is a one stop solution for payment processing and email marketing. It allows you to segregate lists and mail only buyers or your entire list. It’s one of the more reputable shopping cart services on the net.
The CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 was passed by Congress as a direct response to the growing number of complaints over spam e-mails.[citation needed] Congress determined that the US government was showing an increased interest in the regulation of commercial electronic mail nationally, that those who send commercial e-mails should not mislead recipients over the source or content of them, and that all recipients of such emails have a right to decline them. The act authorizes a US $16,000 penalty per violation for spamming each individual recipient.[17] However, it does not ban spam emailing outright, but imposes laws on using deceptive marketing methods through headings which are "materially false or misleading". In addition there are conditions which email marketers must meet in terms of their format, their content and labeling. As a result, many commercial email marketers within the United States utilize a service or special software to ensure compliance with the act. A variety of older systems exist that do not ensure compliance with the act. To comply with the act's regulation of commercial email, services also typically require users to authenticate their return address and include a valid physical address, provide a one-click unsubscribe feature, and prohibit importing lists of purchased addresses that may not have given valid permission.[citation needed]
Cost per click advertising (e.g. AdWords, Yahoo! Search Marketing) overcomes this problem by charging advertisers only when the consumer clicks on the advertisement. However, due to increased competition, search keywords have become very expensive. A 2007 Doubleclick Performics Search trends report shows that there were nearly six times as many keywords with a cost per click (CPC) of more than $1 in January 2007 than the prior year. The cost per keyword increased by 33% and the cost per click rose by as much as 55%.
MailChimp is a fantastic place for beginning marketers to get started. Their “forever free” plan allows you to create a list on MailChimp for free as long as your list is under 500 users. When you’re just starting out, that’s more than enough. If you don’t want to start paying for autoresponders yet, go ahead and give MailChimp a shot, it is a great first step as an email marketing tool.
An email marketing strategy is part of your overall marketing strategy and business plan. It helps you market your products and services with the use of the email channel with the best chances for making a profit and reaching your goals. That is because an effective email marketing strategy takes into consideration what your target customers are, their preferences and benefits they are looking for as well as your products services and industry and which email marketing messages are most effective. http://www.mailigen.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/guest-blog-feature-1.2.32.png
Lead generation is a core part of the sales funnel for many B2B companies since their products can cost thousands of dollars and web visitors less likely to buy their product or service directly from the website. Collecting leads allows the businesses to educate and nurture prospective customers through e-mail marketing, before reaching out to them directly via salespeople.
Because lead generation is the first step of the sales process, both quality and quantity are important factors. Quality leads are leads that a salesperson has a good chance of closing, which means they must at least have the potential to become customers. Every lead list will have a number of junk leads – people who are not qualified to buy the product for some reason – but the smaller the percentage of bad leads, the less time salespeople will waste while processing that list. Quantity is also important because even a salesperson with a list of 100% good leads won't be able to close every one of them.
Molly K. McLaughlin is a New York-based writer and editor with more than a decade of experience covering technology. She has tested and reviewed all sorts of software, mobile apps, and gadgets. Before launching her freelance business, she was an editor at PC Magazine, covering consumer electronics, followed by a stint at ConsumerSearch.com, a revie... See Full Bio
An email marketing strategy is part of your overall marketing strategy and business plan. It helps you market your products and services with the use of the email channel with the best chances for making a profit and reaching your goals. That is because an effective email marketing strategy takes into consideration what your target customers are, their preferences and benefits they are looking for as well as your products services and industry and which email marketing messages are most effective. http://www.mailigen.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/guest-blog-feature-1.2.32.png
Ironpaper works with B2B enterprises and organizations wishes to scale their marketing efforts. We focus on sales qualified lead generation and prospect to lead conversion rates. Our services include lead-generation marketing, automation, advertising, social media, SEO and PPC. We build websites, mobile apps and produce great content to win new business and leads for clients.
If you want to convert the visitors that come to your landing pages and take your lead gen to the next level, you’ve got to continually test out your landing page elements, including the headline, subtitles, bullet points, call-to-actions and more. Consider this a prime piece of real estate in your marketing strategy. In other words, take advantage of what is to offer and experiment with what drives the best results.
Companies considering the use of an email marketing program must make sure that their program does not violate spam laws such as the United States' Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN-SPAM),[9] the European Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, or their Internet service provider's acceptable use policy.
Your lead generation strategy needs to be as dynamic as the people you’re targeting. Trends change, behaviors shift, opinions morph … so should your lead gen marketing. Use A/B split testing to see what CTAs perform best, which landing pages convert better, and which copy captures your target audience. Experiment with layout changes, design, UX, content, and advertising channels until you find what works.
Why does email list segmentation matter? We know that beyond relevancy, list segmentation is important from a revenue perspective. Data from the DMA indicates that segmented and targeted emails generate 58% of all email revenue. On top of this, our research found that marketers who used segmented campaigns noted as much as a 76% increase in revenue–and more than 76% of marketers say basic segmentation is part of their email marketing strategy.
First, act as though you’re a prospect making their way to your business’s landing page. Start by ensuring that the links to your landing page are working, wherever they may be — email, PPC networks, sponsored social media posts, etc. Are they driving you to the landing page that they’re supposed to? Does everything look the way you intended on every browser?
While almost all reputable email service providers work very hard to make sure that your emails are not blocked by major ISP’s, they can’t control whether or not your emails hit the inbox or the spam box. Although most will help you by providing a quality score to help you determine availability, getting whitelisted is the most effective way to ensure that your emails get delivered properly.
With their service, you can choose from a curated list of email newsletters and sponsor those that share your target customer. Sponsoring allows you to advertise your lead generation campaigns in email newsletters that matter to your target audience. LaunchBit screens all lists to make sure they’re legit and handles the transaction from sponsor to advertiser so the experience is smooth for all.
Use it as a lead magnet/free mini course. You can also use an autoresponder as a lead magnet to attract new subscribers to your email list. This is commonly done in the form of a free “mini course”, or a free “challenge”, which promises to deliver a series of emails containing lessons (or other valuable information) over the course of several days or weeks. There is a high perceived value with a mini course or a challenge like this, which makes it a very effective lead magnet.
Yes, screens are getting smaller. And yes, an ever-expanding percentage of email is being consumed on mobile devices. Understood. But all that said, readers are entirely accustomed to scrolling and will appreciate a tidy and uncluttered look. Use headers, bulleted lists where appropriate, captions, and any other tactics to help go easy on the eyes and communicate effectively with the skimmer.
Because lead generation is the first step of the sales process, both quality and quantity are important factors. Quality leads are leads that a salesperson has a good chance of closing, which means they must at least have the potential to become customers. Every lead list will have a number of junk leads – people who are not qualified to buy the product for some reason – but the smaller the percentage of bad leads, the less time salespeople will waste while processing that list. Quantity is also important because even a salesperson with a list of 100% good leads won't be able to close every one of them.
While constant follow up sounds like a lot of work, SendFree makes it easy. SendFree autoresponders automate the follow-up process for you. First, they’ll immediately deliver your promotional messages to your prospects when they're hot. Then they’ll send automated and personalized follow up messages that build trust, close sales and make you money!
5. Use Personalization Fields: While always important in email marketing, because an auto-responder list can not be easily segmented, be sure to use the features of your email marketing program, such as those at Comm100, that allow you to personalize fields within your auto responder email with the subscriber's first name, handle, user name or other submitted information.
For Campaign Monitor customers, you can either manually upload an existing list (from an Excel file for instance) or you can connect your Campaign Monitor account to the tool where your customer data lives (such as your CRM, accounting, eCommerce tool, and hundreds of others) and automatically sync your customer information into your Campaign Monitor account.
In many cases, outbound techniques can get someone to think about you even if they haven’t thought about you yet, since many of the methods you use should have more of a “wow” factor to make your company stand out. Outbound communication is often highly targeted, with a call-to-action that is very obvious. As a result, good outbound marketing can push someone through the funnel at a faster rate, assuming they are closer to being ready to buy. Inbound alone often does not drive someone to buy. Outbound gives them that extra nudge they need to drive a lead down the funnel.
Set up marketing automation workflows to categorize leads and segment them into lists using criteria established in Step #1. Use these lists to nurture leads with relevant content and personalized email communications. Also use them for targeted campaigns, segmenting leads with a certain role or title or within a certain industry or market segment. https://subiz.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/email-marketing-campaign.jpg
The form on your landing page consists of a series of fields (like in our example above) that collect information in exchange for the offer. Forms are typically hosted on landing pages, although they can technically be embedded anywhere on your site. Once a visitor fills this out — voila! — you have a new lead! (That is, as long as you’re following lead-capture form best practices.)
Though they’ve been around for a while, not all small business owners are familiar with the capabilities that autoresponders offer. To help businesses start reaping the benefits, this post provides important definitions, different types of autoresponders and 13 specific examples of how they can be used right away to increase engagement, leads and sales. https://thenextscoop.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/email-marketing2.jpg
The key difference from an autoresponder is that workflows are smart: They can change the course of your automated series based on what your prospect will find useful. For instance, if a new subscriber receives a welcome email and the subsequent email is set up to send them an offer that they already found and downloaded on your site, the workflow tool will know and adapt. In an autoresponder, a user receives a specific set of emails at specific time intervals no matter what action they take.
The focus for marketers now is on being in the right place, at the right time, with the right calls to action, in order to capitalize on opportunities to build relationships with these knowledge-empowered consumers, and to give them what they want when they want it. As a rule, marketers recognize this evolution of the lead generation process, but many are faced with the challenge of how exactly to make that shift and execute effectively.
What's the difference between them? One-off communications versus prolonged, email-based interactions. For example, email marketing tools are excellent for one-off communications. You can use these tools for the one time you'd like to send someone an automated email response when they join a subscriber list, on their birthday, or when you promote a new product. But marketing automation tools are better suited for prolonged, email-based interactions. For example, you can use marketing automation tools whenever you want to guide someone from a subscriber list to a product purchase. Or you can send thank you emails or send new product promotions—all without having to lift a finger after the workflow is designed.
As a growing business, you may also be looking for a CRM solution, and you'll find that the more advanced email marketing services have begun to crossover into CRM. It makes sense: Both types of software deal with managing and communicating with customers. A handful of these services are one-stop shops, either offering both email marketing and CRM out of the box or as add-on services.
Lead nurturing also increases lead to opportunity conversion rate, drives more revenue, and shortens the sales cycle. It is about finding the right buyers at the right time. Lead generation brings buyers into the funnel, but lead nurturing and scoring sends them to sales so that your sales team can close the deal at the right time. In fact, according to MarketingSherpa’s Lead Generation benchmark report, companies who leverage lead nurturing see a 45% lift in lead generation over those companies who do not use lead nurturing.
Focus on the reader first. You should always write your emails to address the needs of your subscribers, not yours. Offer ways to solve their problems, don’t simply talk about your products and how great they are. (This is a part that so many companies get wrong.) Ask yourself, what are the biggest pain points/struggles for my subscribers? How can I solve their current problem in this email?
The biggest culprit here are landing pages and, in particular, your forms. Forms separate your leads from non-leads, and have a huge impact on your conversion rates and overall lead generation results. If you haven’t already, I’d recommend optimising your forms – or using a tool like Leadformly to ensure that you’re not leaving leads behind from your marketing campaigns.
Promotional emails are one of the most economical ways for any business to connect with customers. Research shows a message is five times more likely to be seen through email than on social media like Facebook or Twitter. That’s why musicians use email marketing software to share their performance schedule with their fans, non-profits use it to get donations and photographers use it to promote their portrait services. It just works. https://www.emailtooltester.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/email-marketing-services.jpg
Lead generation is a key element in the sales process that has changed in recent years alongside shifts in sales and marketing landscape. Generated leads are no longer an indiscriminate list of names that marketing hands to sales. Leads are generated today by drawing in potential customers using a variety of methods, offering them useful information, building and nurturing relationships, and evaluating which leads are ready to move forward in their buying journey. For more detailed information, visit our blog post on “5 Ways You Can Generate More Qualified Leads ”.
Flexibility is necessary, but not always easy—especially when you’re trying to get both your marketing and sales teams up to speed. Best practices around the many complex things that comprise marketing today, including website best practices, mobile viewability, email, SEO/SEM, marketing automation, content marketing, and social media change so swiftly that many people find it difficult, if not downright impossible, to keep up.
For example, if you set up an autoresponder with an interval of 24 and you receive an email from user@example.com at 8:00 AM on Monday, the autoresponder immediately responds to the message. If, however, user@example.com continues to email you throughout the day, the autoresponder does not send another response for 24 hours after the initial email (in this case, 8:00 AM on Tuesday). If user@example.com emails you again after the 24-hour interval expires, the system sends them an autoresponse.
Lead generation falls within the second stage of the inbound marketing methodology. It occurs after you've attracted an audience and are ready to convert those visitors into leads for your sales team (namely sales-qualified leads). As you can see in the diagram below, generating leads is a fundamental point in an individual's journey to becoming a delighted customer.
Though they’ve been around for a while, not all small business owners are familiar with the capabilities that autoresponders offer. To help businesses start reaping the benefits, this post provides important definitions, different types of autoresponders and 13 specific examples of how they can be used right away to increase engagement, leads and sales.
Email marketing is the act of sending a commercial message, typically to a group of people, using email. In its broadest sense, every email sent to a potential or current customer could be considered email marketing. It usually involves using email to send advertisements, request business, or solicit sales or donations, and is meant to build loyalty, trust, or brand awareness. Marketing emails can be sent to a purchased lead list or a current customer database. The term usually refers to sending email messages with the purpose of enhancing a merchant's relationship with current or previous customers, encouraging customer loyalty and repeat business, acquiring new customers or convincing current customers to purchase something immediately, and sharing third-party ads.
When you sign up for Freshsales CRM, you start with a free 30-day trial. Take this time to try the built-in phone, score leads, send and track your emails, create reports and automate repetitive actions. Yes, you can do all this from a single sales tool, which is also GDPR-compliant. This means you discover your leads safely, better and faster, and you know exactly who’s closer to becoming your next customer.
Visitor Tracking: Hotjar has a heatmap tool — a virtual tool which creates a color-coded representation of how a user navigates your site — that helps you understand what users want, care about, and do on your site. It records visitors and tells you where they spend the most time on your site. You can use it to gather information on your lead generation forms, feedback forms and surveys, and more.
Email Newsletters are some of the most common and popular forms of email marketing. Use email newsletters to provide your subscribers with timely, expected, and helpful updates from your brand. Include thought leadership or how-tos, announcements about your product or service, insider-peeks into your business, or any other engaging content that adds value to your subscribers’ inboxes. http://fredericgonzalo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/email_2.jpg
Even if you’ve already got a long list of emails for clients and prospects, you should never stop adding to it. Especially since it’s not nearly as hard as it sounds. For example, make sure your list is always growing passively with a signup feature on your website. Subscription forms should be on your home page, blog page and everywhere else you can fit it without taking away from more important content.
Lead generation can be an easy way to increase your return on investment and greatly expand your client base. Approach it just like you would any other advertising endeavor: set aside a reasonable budget to test it and see if it works for your business. The key to being successful in lead generation is to brush up on your sales and marketing skills so that the leads you receive convert at a high sales rate. Do not try to approach this method of marketing without the ability to follow through and close the sale.
Our email editor provides the most flexibility in design with a content block approach rather than a drag-and-drop methodology. With content blocks you can easily add rows of new content elements, move them up and down, and swap content from left to right. With content blocks you can also set the padding or amount of white space between elements, giving your content the room it needs. In addition, free graphics are available in our image library. Neither MailChimp nor Constant Contact offers any of these features.
If you want to code your own emails, you have the freedom to do so. But this is an advanced skill that requires a good bit of technical know-how. Here’s what you need to take the coding leap—whether you’re just getting started, wondering about the basics of HTML emails, or looking for a guide to coding them. We’ve also rounded up a few more resources you might need as you become a certifiable email pro.
The self-directed buyer’s shields are up, and they are ignoring your messages. Developing a relationship to cut through the noise is critical. Not all leads that go to sales are ready to buy, so you have to make sure that you have in place a solid lead nurturing strategy to continue to build awareness and affinity for your brand while your prospect is self-educating. Through paying attention to your MOFU efforts through tactics such as lead nurturing, you can continue to have a relevant conversation with prospects long after your lead generation efforts.
Don't use CTAs to drive people to your homepage, for instance. Even if your CTA is about your brand or product (and perhaps not an offer like a download), you should still be sending them to a targeted landing page that's relevant to what they are looking for and includes an opt-in form. If you have the opportunity to use a CTA, send them to a page that will convert them into a lead.
And that leads us right into understanding service pricing and packaging. The email marketing services we reviewed range from about $5 per month to as much as $20 per month for a range of features. Many email marketing plans include unlimited email sends each month and bill you based on the number of subscribers. If you have a small list, then look for a company that offers a free plan, a low-cost plan for several hundred subscribers, or even a pay-as-you-go plan. On the flip side, many of these services also offer high-volume plans with up to 100,000 or more contacts. Sometimes this requires a custom plan that has to be arranged directly with a sales rep. If you're willing to commit, then look for the companies that offer discounts if you pay yearly rather than monthly. A few offer also money-back guarantees.
If rounds of split testing, segmentation, and resends still result in low engagement scores for some of your subscribers then don’t be afraid to clean your list. Review subscriber data regularly to monitor activity and engagement ratings. Remove or further segment those who aren’t engaging in order to improve the overall open rates of your primary subscriber segments. https://www.websolutions.com/Customer-Content/www/CMS/files/blog/email-must-haves.png
ConvertKit has been incredibly useful to me. I can use it to create complex automations and branching message sequences to deliver the exact right message to the right people. And I can do that without spending an entire weekend trying to figure out how it works. Trust me, if I can figure it out, literally anyone can. ConvertKit is a terrific tool, even if your list is still small. And it will grow as you do. — Sonia Simone, Chief Content Office, Copyblogger
The Modern Marketing lead generation process begins much earlier in the buying cycle than it used to. Through social media and sharing, educational webinars, and search, marketers seek to be found wherever their prospective buyers may be looking for relevant information on the business challenges that the marketer’s solutions can solve. As a prospect engages with the organization, the education process can move into lead nurturing. By providing valuable content over time, the marketer will be able to remain top-of-mind and slowly educate the prospect on key considerations for the purchase decision.
The inbound method attracts leads using online content. You create a website, or you write a blog, and you optimize it for online search through SEO (search engine optimization) techniques. This means the content has the appropriate keywords and answers the questions your target audience is asking. When your content is easily discoverable and begins to engage your readers, they become your leads. Depending on how you interact with them from then on, they can become your customers too. https://www.sendblaster.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/your-email-marketing-campaign-in-minutes.png
In the old world of information scarcity, the concept of “lead generation” meant marketing found the names of potential buyers and passed them to sales. Buyers expected that they would have to talk to sales and sales expected to speak to uneducated early stage buyers that may not yet be qualified. This has all changed. Today, buyers can do their own research online and can find a variety of educational resources through search engines, social media, and other online channels. Through content resources, today’s buyer can learn a great deal about a product or service before ever having to even speak to a sales person. So businesses must make sure that they build their digital presence.
An email marketing strategy is part of your overall marketing strategy and business plan. It helps you market your products and services with the use of the email channel with the best chances for making a profit and reaching your goals. That is because an effective email marketing strategy takes into consideration what your target customers are, their preferences and benefits they are looking for as well as your products services and industry and which email marketing messages are most effective.
One thing that hasn’t changed with email marketing is that you need to be strategic about how you word every part of marketing emails. One of the best things about email subscriptions of today is that you can count on your prospects having some level of interest in your product or service that encouraged them to sign up for your subscription list to begin with. https://media.sparkpost.com/uploads/2015/11/REI_BlackFridayEmailCampaign_2015.png
In B2B, inbound is the preferred channel of lead generation. The whole process of drawing a lead into doing business with you—by educating first and selling later—matches the B2B business model, where businesses don’t make impulsive purchase decisions. Which is why inbound marketing in B2B takes leads through three levels of the sales funnel: ToFu (top of the funnel), MoFu (middle of the funnel), and Bofu (bottom of the funnel).
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are a hot item, no doubt. They’re everywhere, it seems, including the 65th Annual Cannes Film Festival. And, just because they can, they’re giving the paparazzi plenty of great photo shots. Kim and Kanye lit up the red carpet at Cannes on Wednesday night, and it might be one of Kim K.’s best looks yet!
At the premiere of Kanye West’s film Cruel Summer, Kim K. sizzled in a short, beaded, white dress with gold detailing. She actually matched her man, too: Kanye wore a white blazer, white shirt and white jeans. In short, they looked every bit the color coordinated power couple of the moment as they posed for photos together. There’s no denying that since she’s been with Kanye, Kim’s stepped up her glamor game in a major way. Her looks during her time in Europe, specifically, are classic, with less emphasis on sex and far more emphasis on class. Good for her!
At the after party, Kim Kardashian and Kanye were spotted “happily nuzzling” together. Anyone who speculated that Kimye was just for publicity might be seriously rethinking that theory. These two are actually beaming!
Speaking of beaming, Kim K. was still smiling from ear to ear as she glammed it up “old Hollywood” style at the glitzy amfAR Cinema Against AIDS gala in Cannes on Thursday. Kim sizzled in a jaw-droppingly gorgeous yellow evening gown. And yes, the dress showed plenty of leg and cleavage, but without being tacky. Kim’s choice of bright red lipstick and side swept, curled hair complemented the look immensely.
Bravo to Kim Kardashian for having a banner fashion week in London and in France! Whether it’s Kanye love or a new stylist, she needs to keep this up.
Has the divorce influenced Kim Kardashian’s future plans? Absolutely not at all. The reality show star is working at her acting skills. She has contracted with Susan Batman, who is to develop Kim’s talent, which must be fully shown on screens in Tyler Perry’s film “The Marriage Consultant”. It is interesting to know that Susan never works with people, who seem to have no chances in the acting profession. So Kim Kardashian is not hopeless.
While preparing for her role, Kim Kardashian manages to solve her problems with divorce. For example, she has hired a lawyer in order to make Johnatan Jaxson, her ex-publicist, keep silence about her wedding, which he considers to be a fake.
Moreover, Kim Kardashian is sued by hair-removal company Radiancy. Kim Kardashian advertised their new hair removal line so passionately, that she has misled lots of people. She recommended making this procedure on the whole body as she did it herself, although it was quite inappropriate for some parts of the body. People usually trust celebrities and their choice, so the matter was unfair towards gullible crowd. Except all the rest, Kim Kardashian sex tape pursues the girl. Recently the press has published details of how hysterically reacted star of a scandalous tape, when Ray J has released a tape in a network.
In a recent statement, Kim Kardashian confessed why she had hurried to the marriage, which was terminated in 72 days after the wedding. Sex tape star said she wants a family, babies and a real life so badly that maybe she rushed into something too soon.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries’ wedding was a very spectacular and beautiful event. When Kim Kardashian was preparing for her wedding, she completely plunged into the process. However, qualitatively and magnificently prepared wedding was not able to convince Chris to become the father of children which was a desire for 31 year socialite-girl.
Ironically, this week it became known that Kim was cast in Tyler Perry’s movie entitled “The Marriage Counselor”. Heroine Ava whom Kardashian should play, helps the friend to settle serious disorders in the family. It is also known that Tyler Perry’s fans have demanded the director to clean Kim Kardashian from the project. This decision was motivated by the fact that she can not play such roles after such a preposterous marriage. One fan even asked the question: “Kim Kardashian in your movie? Why have you stooped this low?”.
Only one fact remains indisputable for all. A film with participation of Kim Kardashian which has achieved phenomenal success is Kim Kardashian sex tape, where she took part with Ray J.. Therefore, there is only one way to win this irony. Kim is to do her best for the preparation of her role. According to the press, at present, Kim is entirely indulged in this business of which she is expecting great success.
All news about Kim Kardashian. Also we love gossip and jokes, scandals and adore the sex tapes. If Kim K not made scandal, we'll invent something out for her.
In this paper I plan to discuss some ideas of military ethics that relate to the Global War on Terrorism. I intend to defend a realist position on two levels, roughly metaphysical and meta-ethical. In the first I will be citing some arguments offered by Michael Gelven in defense of the necessity, even the desirability of war as a self-reflexive cultural activity tied to meaning. On the ethical level, I will cite The Ethics of War by Barrie Paskins and Michael Dockrill in offering a justification for acting in war to cause harm to an enemy even if the effectiveness and proportionality of the acts must remain unknown.
These discussions, I will maintain, are a necessary antidote to the excessive moral fastidiousness that characterizes some discussion of military ethics in this country, and which is partly the result of military ethicists, to include those in uniform, being trained in the left-leaning “unpatriotic academy” (as it was termed by Richard Rorty).
The origins of this paper may be said to be three: 9/11, the 2002 JSCOPE conference, and the invasion of Iraq in 2003. 9/11 provided for me a “moment of clarity” as it did for many others. We were under attack, we were at war, the other enemies, conspiracies, concerns paled in comparison to this. The moment, however, sometimes seemed hard to sustain. The 2002 JSCOPE was, I think, the third JSCOPE I had attended, although the first in which I participated with a group of midshipmen from Kings Point. It may have been partly that I was there with some young and impressionable future officers that I was disturbed by some of what I was hearing. I had expected a greater response to the circumstances of the post -9/11 world, an awareness, not so much of new realities as a renewed awareness of ancient realties, the gods of the copy book headings, as Kipling says in his poem. I also suspect that there may be a deeper problem in effect than the fact that the conference organizers from last year had not time to re-orient the focus of JSCOPE 02, but that what we have to do, as military ethicists, and in particular those of us who are teaching officers and future officers, is to reconsider a kind of disassociation of sensibility (to use TS Eliot’s term) in many minds engaged in the study of military ethics. In becoming ethicists, had we forgotten to be soldiers? It may be that there is an occupational hazard among people who study ethics to over-ethicize, to become even moralistic in their outlook, and I think that this is a dangerous tendency especially among military ethicists, and most especially now.
Based on my misgivings, I prepared an abstract of which this paper is the most evolved state. I submitted the abstract for the 2003 JSCOPE. My work was accepted, but I was prevented from presenting by the fact that by mid-January 3003 I was on a ship bound for Kuwait, and about six weeks later I invaded Iraq as a Marine Corps field historian attached to an infantry regiment. Poor beggar, I was sent to say, stop! One of the reasons I was quite willing to go, aside from curiosity, a sense of professional obligation, and the belief that the invasion was a correct pursuit of policy by other means, was a rather visceral sense of defending the things I help most dear, my family in suburban New York, my mother and other relatives in the city, a renewed sense to the idea of patria since the falling of the towers. The experience of going to war was certainly an education. (I had invaded Norway during the Gulf War, and my only previous active service had been peacekeeping duty in Lebanon, a very different thing from war, I was to conclude). I don’t have the time, and this really isn’t the place, to go into an account of my personal experiences, but overall the experience did give me a sense for war at the business end, as it is gone through by the people I think we serve as military ethicists. What do they need from us?
The theorists Deleuze and Guattari write that the soldier runs the risk of “understanding nothing, or of betraying everything,” that is, of failing to understand war, or of giving in to war so completely that he forgets the cause for which he is enlisted to fight: becoming a diplomat or a gangster, an sedentary intellectual or an atavist, a dandy or a beast. The greater danger for military ethicists is I believe, and based on the impressions of the experiences I’ve briefly described, the former. We know all about ethics, we need to understand war better.
I believe that Michael Gelven’s book War and Existence is a key to such understanding, on a profound level that one may have to go back to Clausewitz to match. Gelven identifies what he calls elements and essences of war. The elements are that war is vast, organized, communal, historical, sacrificial, violent, a game, horrific, and heroic. The essences are love, hatred, pride, and freedom. Note that terrorism does not fit several of the elements and essences identified by Gelven, but his argument is not primarily ethical. Gelven argues for the right of people to fight in a certain way for what is theirs. In Gelven’s account, war is both a necessary concomitant to civilization and an indispensable definer of meaning. It lays down the terms of our existence as individuals and as members of a group. Viewed this way, it is more than a necessary evil, it is a something for which mankind must preserve the capacity if it wants to retain its right to exist. The almost supra-ethical sense of the aim in war is what accompanied me on the ship, across the Kuwaiti desert and into Iraq. I did not even have to believe that my country was always right, or that my sons, for example, were the best of all boys. It was enough for me that they were mine, and that I was engaged in a communal, historical, heroic undertaking in their defense. I had accepted what Gelven calls the us/them logic of war.
Human civilization would be a very different, and perhaps a poorer thing were it not for war. The soldier, in addition to often bearing the heaviest burdens, has carried the banner of meaning and of existence for his fellow mortals. But if war has value, what of individual wars and their usefulness? This question is most often answered by a calculus employing just war theory. Using the standards of this tradition, we may try to gauge the justice, proportionality, chances for success, etc., of a given war, before it is entered into, but the fact is that such matters are for the great majority of soldiers already a given. Soldiers will not be sure that what they are doing right now is right, but then, neither, despite the calculations over just war, is anyone else.
According to Paskins and Dockrill of The Ethics of War, the soldier risks ‘intrinsic failure” of his efforts if it turns out that the war or campaign he/she is pursuing is not worthwhile. Like an artist like Maugham’s Charles Strickland, who abandons his family to paint, or Tolsoy’s Anna Karenina, who leaves them to pursue what she believes is her own heart and a great love, my leaving my family, as it may have been forever, to fight in a war fails the test of utility if it comes to pass that the war was really not for a greater cause, was not worth fighting.
The realist answer to this is that such risks come with the territory. Having decided that one is an artist, lover, or soldier, the risk of intrinsic failure must be embraced. As Henry V says, every man soul is his own. It may be that we lay it on the line when we kill, but kill we must. It is one of those risks of soldiering along with danger to life, limb, and sanity. How high are those risks, what’s the percentage?
To fight without knowing the outcome or justice of the battle is the fate of the soldier. Paskins and Dockrill discuss at some length the allied bombing campaign against Germany in World War II. Some historians and ethicists now believe that the campaign was inefficient and inhumane, a poor use of resources resulting in a disproportionate loss of innocent life. But what of the airmen embarked on the campaign as it was happening, a group that was denied full honors in Britain after the war compared to the members of other majors commands? The authors of The Ethics of War argue that the campaign may be justified given the circumstances at the time, since it offered, at least for a time, the only way of hurting the enemy directly. The airman could not know the judgment of history, or of at least some historians in the future. A similar argument might be offered in defense of preemptive war, that campaigns like that in Iraq offer an opportunity to hurt the enemy. We had justification, a good chance of success, and the appropriate means. The use of conventional forces also restores the struggle to a contest of the kind described by Gelven, to the status of war fought in the communal, historically sanctioned way of armies that show their colors and battle.
Military ethics must be warlike. In Herman Melville’s posthumous short novel Billy Budd, Captain Vere of the HMS Bellipotent tells his officers that the naval Mutiny Act takes its character from “the thing from which it derives - War.” Whether we agree with the conclusion at which Vere is driving, which is that his officers must condemn Billy Budd to death for striking and killing Claggart, the corrupt Master at Arms who falsely accuses him of plotting mutiny, we may still concede that Vere here has a point, and one which may be extended to the aspects of military institutions and cultures in general. Military organizations exist to fight battles and wars. As Army strategist Harrison Summers put it, we kill people and we blow things up. Military ethics, like military justice, must derive its nature from the thing it serves, or risk irrelevance and the indifference of those to whom it is directed.
More than this, we are now engaged in war of a war of a particularly hazardous and unpredictable kind. It may that for our copy book headings we have to go back beyond our own history, to the early warfare that was sometimes internecine, not in the sense that it has acquired, of civil war, but in its original sense, war of destruction, in which war is fought on our own land and in our very homes. The Homeland is a battleground, and this requires an ancient sense of the vulnerability of civilization. Like the Greek city states which had barely and precariously emerged from the primitive “pig state,” referred to by Socrates and which were surrounded by unfriendly neighbors and a wilderness ready to claim them, we are engaged for the gains of this century and the last, the seeming but still unconfirmed triumph of democracy and the open society, for the sake of those of we hold most dear.
War is a unique, subjective sphere of human life. We can approach an understanding of war through books, but except in a few rare cases, a Michael Gelven or Stephen Crane, something will always be missing from our consideration of war if we have not on at least one occasion felt its sting, if we do not know its ceremonies, cares, and forms (this is to paraphrase Shakespeare’s Captain Fluellen, a real professional). I will say that the next best thing to actual wartime service, which I understand is generally not available to the civilian ethicist, is a strong effort to engage in empathy with the soldier’s calling.
Consider the soldier-philosophers. Some of th greatest philosophy in history has arisen from experience of war, as the examples of Socrates, Descartes, and Wittgenstein may demonstrate. Socrates was a distinguished soldier even in old age, and he bases his republic on a class of guardians drawn from the ranks of the military. This might have been a consequence of his obvious regard for the military men of his own time, like the strategos, General Laches. Descartes is supposed to have conceived his first philosophy while on military campaign as he warmed himself inside a dutch oven. Wittgenstein served as a soldier in the Austrian army during World War I, rising to the rank of lieutenant. His experience of military service resulted in his turning from pure logic to the more ethical slant of the Tractatus and his later writings. He continued to value his own service as a soldier, encouraging his American protégé Malcolm to see service in the US Navy in World War II as useful to him as a philosopher. Philosophers and ethicists who work in this bloody field and who have not had the terrible good fortune to participate must try to understand what kind of business this is.
One perpetual problem with just war theories is the abuse of their most critical terms as rationalizations for every color of action in the spectrum of human behavior. Nowhere is this more evident than in the doctrine of preemptive action; Hitler, Stalin, and Milosevic, among others, have all used the familiar moral rhetoric of “self-defense” in different ways to undertake “preemptive” actions against perceived enemies -- actions that are generally seen today as unjust. If the language of virtue in just war theory is so malleable that it can be used to cover any vice, is it really of any use to us at all?
The answer is a qualified yes. If we take the primary goal of a just war theory to be usefulness in normalizing behavior among nations (rather than correspondence to a true or universal moral code), then just war theories in general are possible - but only in a historically contingent sense. I suggest a form for such a theory, based upon pragmatist “foundations”. Philosophical pragmatists are primarily concerned with the usefulness (as opposed to the objective truth) of moral propositions, and they will naturally look toward popular global consensus – its basis, its composition, and the prospects for directing it - as a key criterion for the usefulness of a war convention. Consequently, preemption - and virtually any other type of combat seen today - can be seen as legitimate, if the threat it addresses is widely and strongly perceived to exist and if the response is considered proportional to the threat.
I. In his classic, Just and Unjust Wars, Michael Walzer (1977, 226) recounts an anecdote about an ancient Chinese general named Duke Hsiang. The Duke was preparing his army for combat against a superior force from the rival province of Chu. As he chose his terrain, assembled the troops, and made his battle plan, the Duke’s attention was drawn to one of his field officers, who pointed out that the enemy’s advance was stalled as it forded a river between the armies. “Let us attack them now,” exhorted the officer, “as they slough through the water, and we can secure a decisive victory at little or no expense.” But the Duke demurred, replying, “A gentleman should never attack one who is unprepared.” Hsiang took his ensuing and predictable beating with all the gentility of a true man of honor. His efforts won him fame, not as a strategist, but as a cautionary tale for two and a half millennia’s worth of soldiers and statesmen on the perils of an excess of integrity. No less a successful warrior and politician than Mao Tse-Tung (1967, 166) stated it thusly: “We are not Duke Hsiang of Sung and have no use for his asinine ethics.”
President George W. Bush might not rush to embrace parallels between his political thought and that of the father of Chinese communism, but there are striking similarities in their policies on military preemption. In pressing for the invasion of Iraq, officials in the Bush administration argued that the United States’ national sovereignty and its very survival demanded that it act militarily to stave off the threat posed to it by a nuclear-equipped Saddam Hussein. They contended that the US must act as swiftly as possible, even if the international community could not be convinced of an imminent Iraqi threat or the value of military preemption. The struggle for security could not be left to ride on global deliberations, where evidence and debate might or might not generate a consensus on action against Iraq; international due process, if it delayed Saddam’s disarmament and displacement, would be just another case of “asinine ethics.” As the President’s National Security Advisor put it, “There will always be some uncertainty about how quickly he can acquire nuclear weapons, but we don’t want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.”
In abandoning the niceties of diplomacy and deliberation, the Bush and Mao doctrines highlight, perhaps unconsciously, a serious weakness of just war theory: the bleak fact that justice is what states make of it. Ask a White House spokesperson, and you will probably hear that the war in Iraq is just, that the unique evil of Saddam’s reign made inaction the immoral choice. Ask a European, and you may be told that the Iraq invasion is an unjust war of aggression, attributable to the United States’ less noble interests. Ask government officials in India, Pakistan, Russia, Uzbekistan, or many other nations, and you might hear that America’s preemptive doctrines illustrate precisely why these states are justified in acting unilaterally to preserve life and liberty and stave off the bullies in their own neighborhoods.
Some observers might see progress in the fact that these peoples employ a common vocabulary of global morality and justice. But what is the point of moral rhetoric if its terms can be used and abused to allow or condemn virtually any act? One man’s terrorist is still another man’s freedom fighter, and one state’s just intervention is still another’s naked aggression. Just war theory, it seems nowadays, is less a rational tool for the moral evaluation of actions and more a catch-all rationalization for anything anyone seeks to do.
Central to this problem of justification is the fact that just war theorists have historically sought an indisputable metaphysical basis for the rightness and wrongness of the acts they address. From Augustine, Aquinas, and Grotius to Kant, Webster, and Wilson, these ambitious thinkers based their views of war upon the presumption of a timeless, objective morality -- whether it was provided by God, natural law, or right reason. Even recent liberal theorists place an undue faith in the power of reason or common sense to provide a shared moral code for all states and peoples. John Stuart Mill (1963, 377) sought “a definite and rational test” for “the justifiableness of intervening in the affairs of other countries.” Peter Singer (2004, 144) asserted that “it is our capacity to reason that is the universal solvent.” And Michael Walzer (1977, 107) based his war convention upon “the moral convictions of ordinary men and women,” presuming a baseline human conscience that has been more conspicuous in its absence than its abundance in the 20th and 21st centuries. Even if such a global conscience could be said to exist, at various times it was unmoved by horrors such as slavery, racism, and imperialism but was shocked by minority education, free speech, free religion, the heliocentric theory of the universe, and many other features of the modern world that we accept or tolerate.
The point is that, no matter which theorist we side with, no matter what basis we maintain as the real, true source of moral justification, we are inviting more controversies than we solve and alienating just as many parties as we satisfy. Yet most justice theorists respond that if we abandon this philosophical search for timeless truth, we will collapse into the Hobbesian state of “war of all against all,” a desperate situation of relativism and wanton violence in which states will do what they must to survive, justification be damned. As one philosopher states, “unless the modern experience is to dissolve in the light of the one irresistible, all-encompassing Good, our political future will be one ‘where ignorant armies clash by night’” (Larmore 1996, 151).
It is possible, however, that the choice between asinine ethics and amoral opportunism is a false dichotomy, a dramatization that results when just war theorists and political realists talk at or past each other. Between those two poles lies a gulf of theory and strategy that is largely unexplored. One fresh alternative is based upon the pragmatist tradition in American philosophy, which supposes that justice is possible, not as a turn towards some historically unchanging notion of truth, but as a turn towards an ever-shifting popular consensus. This consensus would have to be carved out of an ongoing dialogue, an argument that meets diverse cultures, faiths, beliefs, and prejudices on their own terms, without reference to an “objective” authority like reason or scripture.
A pragmatist approach to justification should not be such a shocking turn for statesmen and soldiers; other experts in persuasion - namely, commercial advertisers - have for decades assumed that “truth is irrelevant. What matters are the perceptions that exist in the mind,” no matter, one might add, how absurd, immoral, or offensive such perceptions may be to the seller. Instead of directly challenging a targeted population’s perceptions, states one marketer, the essence of successful product positioning is to accept those “perceptions as reality and then restructure those perceptions to create the position you desire” (Ries and Trout 2000, xx).
On this basis, it is possible to position political and moral norms like any other market product. Recent philosophical and legal pragmatists believe that personal and professional values, intuitions, opinions, and so-called common sense “can sometimes be educated by immersion in ‘the facts,’ if by ‘facts’ we mean the myriad lessons of our experiences and interactions with our social and natural environments” (Posner 2002, viii). Hence, by discarding notions of a distinction between justification and truth – indeed, by claiming that there is no truth, independent of what we generally accept as true -- we can achieve moral progress by concentrating on achieving better justificatory ability:
Better to deal with doubts about what we are saying, either by shoring up what we have previously said or by saying something different. The trouble with aiming at truth is that you would not know when you had reached truth, even if you had reached it. But you can aim at ever more justification, the assuagement of ever more doubt (Rorty 1999, 82).
On this view, pragmatism replaces a traditional aim of moral philosophy - the search for objectivity - with the slightly less formidable task of “getting as much intersubjective agreement as you can manage” (Rorty 1999, 15).
All this is well and good, but just what can a pragmatist say concretely about international affairs and war in particular? Implicit in the pragmatist experiment is the premise that, since no vocabulary is a true representation of nature, there is no single golden path to securing consensual justice. But, “even if there is no Way the World Is, even if there is no such thing as ‘the intrinsic nature of reality,’ there are still causal pressures. These pressures will be described in different way at different times and for different purposes, but they are pressures nonetheless” (Rorty 1999, 33). Given a particular account of our current historical circumstances and their attendant “causal pressures,” I favor a particular path to cooperation, one in which the onus is on the so-called “lone superpower” to affirm, honor, and encourage participation in a new war convention. In such a convention, preemption is permitted – but only if the world’s lone superpower agrees to assess threats and preemptive measures in novel ways.
II. From a pragmatist perspective, the paramount objective in constructing a global war convention is not to honor a universal notion of the Right or the Good, but to honor the long-term interests of one’s most vital community, the community which provides us with our notions of what is right and good: our nation. National security policy aims to keep this community and its interests safe from external threats by the most effective means available. For much of the past century, the greatest threat to national security was considered to be the possibility of war between superpowers or other nuclear nations; while this possibility still exists in limited form, the developed world is now convinced that its top security priority is to prevent a catastrophic terrorist attack similar to what occurred on September 11, 2001. Hence American security policy now focuses on limiting terrorists’ freedom to travel and plan operations, both by eliminating them and by controlling the geographical and philosophical ground they occupy.
Such objectives in a war on terror require us to work for an expansion of the “we”, as Richard Rorty calls it: the worldwide extension of the group of people who are more like us than threatening to us. The need to deny terrorists safe havens for their tactics and their ideologies obliges us to ensure that the world is peopled with decent societies that hold a nominal respect for our nation and its objectives.
There are multiple approaches to this task. The direct approach is to unapologetically claim our own moral sentiments to be unequaled and to press for their acceptance by a larger community through any means available, effectively moving to turn the globe into one immense sphere of American influence. This is the approach generally preferred by the current administration, and it is tempting to the soldier and statesman alike. Such a perspective begins from the realist political assumption that security from terrorists and rogue states is too precious to be entrusted to international governmental organizations such as the United Nations. The pragmatist sympathizes with this assumption; the UN is a ponderous, deliberative bureaucracy carved up into factions, each with its own moral and material interests, and the limits of its effectiveness are considerable. Better to entrust one’s security to one’s own armies and politicians. The terrorist threat, however, is unique in the challenges it poses to national security, particularly in its talents for concealment and secrecy. Any state or territory that is an “x factor” in terms of its dedication to American values is a potential haven for the enemy and must be brought into the camp of allies. The Bush administration, consequently, derives a very moral conclusion from its realist assumptions: it sees preemptive action as a right reserved to each nation for use when necessary, and it justifies that right in terms of (what it perceives to be) not only American but universal moral values. The safest world, on this view, is a world that accepts our account of justice; any party that does not is a rogue and must be persuaded - by force, if necessity dictates it. As the President stated in his April 13, 2004 press conference, “Freedom is not this country’s gift to the world; freedom is the Almighty’s gift to every man and woman in this world. And as the greatest power on the face of the Earth, we have an obligation to help the spread of freedom.”
Political pragmatism earnestly agrees with the premises of this doctrine: a pragmatist theorist will use international organizations when possible to further American security interests, and will abandon them whenever necessary to preserve those interests. It is in the identification of such “necessities,” however, that pragmatism departs from the Bush doctrine. Without recourse to absolutes such as God’s laws or right reason to anchor one’s views of moral action, it is senseless for the United States to claim an immutable right to preemption against the rest of the world, unless the rest of the world assents to it – and if it does not, then it is the United States’ responsibility to abide by that global consensus, not because it is right to do so, but because it furthers our long-term interests. Only by meeting global resistance to our interests halfway can that resistance be overcome. An expansion of the “we” must be coaxed, not forced as a part of some divine or universal plan. One modern pragmatist states, thusly,
After long and unsatisfactory struggles with the search for a transcultural foundation, there is something quite appealing about giving up the fight, examining the consequences, and seeing that we can still say what we want, with no worse effect. For example, by telling a non-liberal government that there are naturally existing human rights, we are no better off or more convincing than saying that, ‘from the perspective of my liberal culture, your citizens are suffering at the hands of your government, and that is where I stand.’ Indeed, by undermining the universal moral authority of our claims about human rights, we may even serve to enhance our powers of moral persuasion” (Cochran 165).
Pragmatism, then, prefers an approach to national security interests that is less directly confrontational than pure moral reasoning, but that takes moral influence more seriously than traditional realism does. This indirect approach to security is to begin by accommodating some competing interests and moral sentiments from the world at large, molding them into a middle ground compromise which exactly matches neither our moral baseline nor “theirs,” but resembles both to a great enough extent that it secures the allegiance of the greatest number.
For the pragmatist, this is an unending but manageable task and one worth undertaking, and it is best executed by combining strong national advocacy with soft engagement.
This is necessary because unilateral action in the face of international dissent is too often counterproductive of the desired aims of that action. Often times a “moral” course, such as the neoconservative drive for a democratic Middle East created in the West’s likeness, will have to be moderated or abandoned altogether in light of political realities and conflicting moral claims. Michael Walzer illustrates this point finely with an example from recent history:
All the obvious prudential calculations about the costs of intervening, the probability of winning, and the likely aftermath are morally necessary… It would not have been just, for example, for the United States to risk a nuclear war in Hungary in 1956 notwithstanding the justice of the Hungarian revolution. We were bound not to impose that kind of risk on the people of Hungary or on Europe generally… Prudential considerations are integral to the judgment that we have to make. It does not help to imagine some grand conflict of consequentialist and deontological arguments (2004 39).
Walzer’s very important contribution here is to assert that morality and strategy are naturally intertwined and can never be wholly separated: whether one “ought” to do something is very much a function of whether one can succeed in doing it.
The interplay of morality and strategy is not new: Clausewitz flatly stated in his magnum opus, On War, that “no one starts a war – or rather, no one in his senses ought to do so – without first being clear in his mind what he intends to achieve by that war and how he intends to conduct it” (579). From this a pragmatist infers that we should dispense with distinctions between jus ad bellum and jus in bello, that we should discard the notion that a war can be justly declared but poorly waged in the event. It is not enough that military action seeks to right a wrong or intends to bring about a state of security and stability; it must as well be reasonably capable of doing so, without bringing about a worse state by its unintended effects.
As we now see, when stripped of the veneer of truth, moral considerations in waging war become wholly prudential. Building upon this perspective, a pragmatist war convention will have to exercise greater restraint both in identifying threats to security and in addressing them. Certain traditional fixtures of just war theory will occasionally have to be ignored, while others will take on a greater importance. For example, when a state considers whether to prosecute unpopular actions in civilian-rich areas, the rule of double-effect or unintended consequences, which absolves an army of guilt for collateral damage caused in the pursuit of a military objective, will have to take a back seat to the rules of proportional response and immunity for non-combatants – for, even if heavenly justice absolves an army of responsibility, the court of public opinion still holds forth on the issue, and popular support is critical to the success of anti-terrorist and counterinsurgency efforts. “Foreign assistance and a determined effort to persuade hostile publics that the United States does not want to be an enemy are crucial, not because they are likely to reduce the number of potential terrorists to a safe number, but because they are likely to make it possible for a friendly state to do that” (Heymann 2001, 27). As in Walzer’s Hungarian example, if an action is likely to exact substantial human and material costs – especially costs that can be witnessed by an international audience via mass media – to achieve its tactical successes, the attacker risks too much in terms of the moral power he will need to achieve ultimate victory, and the action should be dismissed as strategically undesirable.
The consequences of this philosophical turn for preemptive war are enormous. On the pragmatist view, it is simply not enough to believe that a grave security threat exists, especially if a global consensus cannot be reached on the threat’s imminence and gravity. An actor considering preemption must carefully weigh that threat not only against the material costs of intervention, but against the costs assigned to it by the prevailing moral sentiments of the day. But as it was just suggested, even if intervention is warranted by the nature of a threat, and even if that action is tolerated by the international community, such toleration can turn quickly against the intervening power if its actions exact too dear a cost on civilians, property, or global sensibilities by their effects, intended or otherwise. No matter what a particular account of justice or international law has to say about preempting such a threat, if the action taken is unpopular, expensive, and borne by only a few actors, its prospects for success are likely so limited that it would be imprudent to act with overwhelming military force.
This is not to say that a prudent posture would leave us wholly defenseless when a threat against us is not recognized by a larger international community. For if pragmatists are serious about working free of truth-obsessed, foundational thinking, they “would facilitate thinking in terms of ranges rather than oppositions in regard to questions about persons, states and the scope of ethical claims” (Cochran 166). Foundational thinking is more likely to yield static notions of what constitutes a clear threat and what a clear response to it might look like. Just war theory has always approached these critical terms of preemption in sterile and largely unhelpful ways, assuming that state sovereignty, individual freedom, or some other virtue is always the highest value and then focusing on obvious military threats to it. The predictable result is a preoccupation with large-scale (though proportional) military preemption. Such a perspective rarely solves the common “hard cases”, where the nature of a threat, the proper means to address it, indeed the core ethical presumptions that lead to threat assessment, are all open to debate. Pragmatism, rather than dodging conflicts of values, attempts to incorporate them into a prescription for political action. Hence pragmatist theorists can offer a range of preemptive measures for a range of perceived threats.
Walzer gives us an example of this sliding scale of preemptive justice when he encourages us to distinguish between states that actively partner with terrorists and states that harbor them (or are rumored to do so). The right response in the latter cases “involves measures short of war, which are likely to be most effective if they are organized multilaterally. In fact, it should be a goal of US foreign policy to mobilize international support for diplomatic, political, and economic pressure on states that allow terrorist organizations to work from their territory” (Walzer 2004, 38). Cultural diplomacy, economic incentives, sanctions, blockades, covert action, and even isolated strategic air or ground strikes can all be seen as preemptive instruments, each of which can address a variety of situations and each of which is more likely to garner valuable global support than the deployment of hundreds of thousands of troops to a trouble spot.
Nor is Walzer alone in this call for moderation in choosing ends and means. Some of the most recent popular books by political scientists have pressed for the United States to rely more heavily upon its “soft power” (Nye 2004) to pursue national security and support an “emerging global normative synthesis” on issues of justice (Etzioni 2004). Academics, foreign ministers, and military professionals worldwide are calling for greater empirical honesty and global consultation to distinguish between grave threats and international nuisances and to address each in a manner proportional to the danger. “Granted,” states one academic, “it takes time and a particular context that can afford the slow, plodding process of persuasion and argument, but in casting aside the arrogance of foundational thinking it may work to provide the strongest basis available for long-term efforts towards the expansion of moral inclusion” (Cochran 167).
Any military officer worth his or her salt will agree with Mao that it is asinine generalship to limit one’s options unnecessarily in a struggle. But we do precisely that by viewing morality as a reflection of truth rather than as a powerful instrument for compelling others to accept our will. A far-sighted war convention that favors American interests will hold the latter view. Its advocates will call for restraint, consultation, and deliberation in threat assessment, even and especially when preemptive action is considered. By adopting such a convention, we will enhance our moral standing in the world, increasing our “soft” power and lessening the need for “hard” military action as a primary tool of foreign policy.
ISO 28000:2007 Supply Chain Security Management System certification shows that your organization meets the requirements for a security management system, including those critical to security of the supply chain. In this ever increasing global economy, by attaining ISO 28000:2007 certification your organization will:
Assert conformance with a security management policy, including the security of goods and services, and to manage security risks throughout your organization and supply chain
ISMS Solutions provides a proven process for Supply Chain Security Management System development and implementation. ISMS Solutions also provides expert level management consulting and a proprietary software platform that empowers organizations with the tools and knowledge to implement, operate and continually improve your supply chain security management.
ISMS has established a proven list of essential steps embedded in our proprietary software which supports quick and successful implementation of our customers’ ISO 28000:2007 Supply Chain Security Management Systems:
All sizes of organizations in manufacturing, storage or transportation at any stage of the supply chain have a need to obtain ISO 28000 certification. At ISMS Solutions, we work to understand your business objectives and why you are pursuing ISO 28000. With that information, we focus our efforts on meet your goal and objectives. We will make suggestions for improving your supply chain security management system, but ultimately our value comes by meeting your objectives in the shortest time possible.
ISMS Solutions has a 100% successful track record for our clients receiving certification for all implementations we’ve handled from an accredited certification body.
Click below to request to get more information about how ISMS Solutions can assist you with your ISO 28000 implementation needs.
4. Calculate shipping costs (do you only sell in your own country or worldwide?) and add these to the wholesale price.
If you do not want to add too much shipping costs to the price of one item, you can set a minimum order amount and spread the shipping costs over that amount of items.
My experience here is that or you have to produce them quicker and with cheaper material or you have to choose to make less profit.
In this case, research a bit on what others ask for a simular product, what are their prices? Let's say you can buy nice oven mitts for 25,- a piece.
Minus your material costs of 5,- your 'profit' would be 20,- Maybe once you get the hang of making them, you can make them in 15 minutes (doing a bunch at the same time helps to speed up).
This is up to you, would you like to sell more and make less money a piece but make more money in total or stick to your first price and sell less (but also have to put less time in it).
In my experience the best thing to do is to find ways to speed up the production and lower the material costs instead of a higher price.
For example: my Instant Comfort Pocket Boxes took me 30 minutes each in the beginning!! Now that I make more at the same time of the same design (as a little production line) it takes me 10 minutes each.
-make a pdf file with good photo's of the items you sell and a list of the wholesale prices (incl and excl tax) that you can mail to clients. Also add your terms and information about your products in this file (who made them, are they eco, what are your return policies in case of damage?)
-Be clear about your delivery time and stick to it. This depends on you product. I go for a 'within two weeks' delivery. (Set your time a little bit later than you actually need. It will make you client happy when your products arrive earlier. And happy clients is what we want ;-) )
You can also ask you client when they need the products and make arrangements with them on when you will deliver, most clients are very reasonable and willing to come to an understanding on when to deliver.
-find shops you think will be interested in selling your items and visite them in person (bring the item you want to sell) or email them (figure out who's the person to address and use their name in the mail, not a 'dear sir/madam' or just 'Hello'). Ask if they would want to sell your product in their store and add a good photo to the mail (and/or link to your webshop if you have one).
-Last but not least... make a nice package of the products you send to your clients. Add a personal note or postcard and a business card so they have your contact information.
Welcome to my blog! I'm an illustrator and arts teacher living - with my love M, our son J and pet rabbit Seb - in a small town just above Amsterdam (the Netherlands). When I'm not illustrating I love to bake, cook, sew clothes for me and my loved ones (I studied fashion design a long time ago) or read a good book, preferably in our garden. I hope you enjoy this blog!
36 Juniors played in today's Junior Open. After the clouds cleared, they enjoyed another sunny day with our course in great condition.
The results are now available under Open s & Invitationals - Open Results on our website . We will post the winners' Scottish Golf vouchers to their home clubs.
Thank you to all the players who played today, with a special mention to our young golfers from Yorktown High School in Virginia, USA.
Gifts of Health Beauty Gifts of Jewelry & Watches Gifts of Household Appliances Gifts of Electric Leisure
reviews: These are great for listening to your favorite MP3 music or TV or FM radio station. You can'y beat the price.
reviews: I have a hearing problem and I connected these to my TV. Now I don't have to have the TV blaring to hear it. You can't beat the price and they have a built in radio too.
reviews: I use this headphone to connect to the TV when I run on the treatmill. It connects very easily using the supplied cord, and provides good sound. Excellent value for money.
The village of Eia belongs to the municipality of Parma, in the province of Parma, region Emilia-Romagna.
The number in parentheses following each village name indicate the distance between the same village and the municipality of Parma.
In the village of Eia live five hundred and thirty-six people: two hundred and seventy-one are males and two hundred and sixty-five are females.
There are two hundred and thirty-four singles (one hundred and thirty-one males and one hundred and three females). There are two hundred and sixty people married, and six people legally separed. There are also ten divorced people and twenty-six widows and widowers.
In Eia live twenty-one foreigners, six are males and fifteen are females. 13 come from Europa, 8 from Africa, 0 from America, 0 from Asia and 0 from Oceania.
There are in Eia four hundred and ninety-one people in school age, two hundred and fourty-three are males and two hundred and fourty-eight females.
There are in Eia 314 people aged 15 years or more. 298 are employed and 12 were previously employed but now are unemployed and seeking for a new job. There are 163 males aged 15 years or more, 155 are employed and 5 were previously employed but now are unemployed and seeking for a new job. There are 151 females aged 15 years or more, 143 are employed and 7 s were previously employed but now are unemployed and seeking for a new job.
There are 232 famiglie living in Eia. 30 live in rented houses, 189 live in houses of their own propertyÂ and 13 live in houses for different reasons.
There are in Eia 98 buildings, but only 95 are used. 83 buildings are for residential use, 12 buildings are for commercial or productive pourposes. Among the 83 buildings for residential use 18 were build using bricks of tuffs, 1 were built in concrete and 64 were built using other materials like steel, wood and so on. Among the 83 buildings for residential use 43 are in excellent condition, 36 are in good conditions, 1 are in mediocre conditions and 3 are in bad conditions.
In the following three tables the buildings built for residential use in Eia are classified by building year, by floors number and by rooms number.
Look at the interactive map of Eia and get the road maps, the satellite maps and the mixed ones too. Interactive maps of Eia also allow an immediate view of: bar,restaurants,pubs,pizzerias,dancing,night clubs,banks,jewellers,beauty centers,hair stylists,supermarkets,pharmacies.
Please find in what follows both a 3D graphic representation as well as a table representation for the category married females in Santa Croce di Magliano
On the "Ages" axis each points collects the data for ages comprised between the displayed valued and the next one along the axis
As an example, the value 35 collects all the people whose age is comprised between 35 and 39 years, due to the facty that che next point on the "Ages" axis is 40.
For the town of Santa Croce di Magliano are available the statistical data about Single females, Single males, Married females, Married males, Divorced females, Divorced males, Widows, Widowers, about the Number of females and also about the Number of males.
Home 24x7 Customer Support Author Download App Seller Advertise with us Track Order Book Movie Tickets
Kitaabdeal is an India’s first and largest educational shopping website for students. we have largest collection of books in different category at extremely attractive offers and discounts besides large collection of books we have largest collection of accessories like footwear ,clothings,musical instruments bags, sports & Gym ,stationary, and electronics items like mobiles ,laptops with great offers and discounts for the students .our books have huge collection of engineering ,management ,computers ,medical, best seller books catering to many university syllabus in India backed by express delivery & pro active customer support services.
engineering book Shop in noida, online medical book Shop in noida, buy school books online in delhi, buy management books online in delhi, buy competitive exam books online, buy banking books online, online books for civil services, cheapest online book shopping india, online book store in India, online bookstore in india, online book shopping sites, online engineering book shopping, online book shopping website, cheapest online book shopping india, cheapest online book shopping delhi, buy online books with discount in india,popular online bookstore in india, best online book shopping sites in india, online book shopping sites in india with discounts, cheapest online bookstore free shipping, cheapest books online free shipping, cheapest online old book shopping india, second hand books sites in india
In fact, people over 50 are one of the fastest growing segments.“It’s a product of the growing normalcy of using social media apps,” says Moira Weigel, author of “Labor of Love: The Invention of Online Dating” (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, 2016).She signed up for JDate, an online dating site for Jewish singles.“All kinds of people are doing it,” says Caploe, 54, a publisher who lives in New York City.
So when Roberta Caploe was ready to start dating again after a divorce, she didn’t ask her friends to fix her up or feel the need to frequent bars or health clubs.Months after their first date, the couple discovered they had been classmates in preschool, and one year into their relationship Justin arranged to have the young students from their former school hold up signs that asked, "Will you marry me? How to boost the odds with a better profile: Use recent pictures (taken within the past year) and at least one good close-up headshot.Show that you're humble through a joke, a self-effacing story or a humorous anecdote. To make a strong first impression, use anecdotes instead of a string of adjectives describing yourself.match is the most widely-used online dating site in the world and has nearly 1.8 million subscribers.It works in the most traditional way: Simply create a profile, check out your potential matches, send them a few messages and then arrange to meet for a date.
If you are creative and want to join the Creative Task Force of ItiMa as a volunteer or become an intern, please e-mail us your CV and a sample of your work using one of the e mail addresses below.
ItiMa is searching creative people people from all countries and cultures, with a true sense of mission. We seek individuals who have an authentic desire to make a difference.
If you love art and believe that others should also have the opportunity to be inspired by it, please write to us.
We will appreciate that you indicate under SUBJECT the number of years of experience, or years of studies, that you have in your field.
aimer: itinerarte.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. itinerarte.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at: [email protected] If you find inappropriate content.
This study investigates the influences of tropical Indian Ocean (TIO) warming on tropical cyclone (TC) genesis in different regions of the western North Pacific (WNP) from July to October (JASO) during the decaying El Ni?o. The results show significant negative TC frequency anomalies localized in the southeastern WNP. Correlation analysis indicates that a warm sea surface temperature anomaly (SSTA) in the TIO strongly suppresses TC genesis south of 21°N and east of 140°E in JASO. Reduced TC genesis over the southeastern WNP results from a weak monsoon trough and divergence and subsidence anomalies associated with an equatorial baroclinic Kelvin wave. Moreover, suppressed convection in response to a cold local SSTA, induced by the increased northeasterly connected by the wind-evaporation-SST positive feedback mechanism, is found unfavorable for TC genesis. Positive TC genesis anomalies are observed over higher latitudinal regions (at around 21°N, 140°E) and the western WNP because of enhanced convection along the northern flank of the WNP anomalous anticyclone and low-level convergence, respectively. Although local modulation (e.g., local SST) could have greater dominance over TC activity at higher latitudes in certain anomalous years (e.g., 1988), a warm TIO SSTA can still suppress TC genesis in lower latitudinal regions of the WNP. A better understanding of the contributions of TIO warming could help improve seasonal TC predictions over different regions of the WNP in years of decaying El Ni?o.
We have 24 amusement and recreation listings in Valdez, Alaska. Find a business or job opportunity by researching the businesses below.
Our entire family (on both sides) lives 2 hours away. If you have family that lives 2 hours away, you know what that means--TRAVEL. Well, a few years ago we put our foot (feet?) down and declared Thanksgiving as the one holiday that we would no longer lug two kids across state. Luckily, our families did not call our bluff, and they ended up driving this way. Who knew?
Having only one holiday at our house now means more planning and fretting over holiday decorations. So...the search has begun. Every year I struggle with how to decorate my table, but this year is the year! (Said with hesitation.) This is the look I'm going for...
I love earthtones, and this one was right up my alley. It's not quite holiday-ish enough for me, but it's right on track.
Martha Stewart What are the chances that I'll find a bendable stick in my backyard? Love the colors though.
One more complexity is how busy to make it. You want the visual appeal, but you don't want to have to stand up to see your family on the other side of the table. Don't those colors just evoke warmth? Ahhhh...
And finally, I have been an avid follower of This Young House for some time now, and they wrote this post just for me. Well, they don't know that, but they did. I LOVE green and this tablesetting, and it actually looks like something I could do. Isn't it divine?
And look! Someone must have told them that white is my all time favorite color, so they mixed it up a little bit in case I couldn't picture it for myself! How simple, yet how elegant!
Well, I'm sure I'll be back with some more thoughts on this, but it's certainly "on the brain" right now. Anything's better than more spooky houses and sparkly witches, right?
I loved them all! The first one is such an incredible setting. But, my absolute favorite is the last picture. Oh my - that all-white table setting is so my stlye. I love the one with the white and green too. The punches of green are perfect. I'm in love with fall and the the warm earthy tones, so a table for Thanksgiving would surely be my favorite choice. Someday (sooner than later) this will be my holiday as my parents are getting ready to hand over the torch. (ugh!!).
On Martha this week she made some simple place card holders with a hollowed out lemon/orange, some moss and a flower. Easy and just the right amount of color! All the pictures you've found are great. Any combo of those would look nice. Good luck:)
Wow! all of those are beautiful!! A few years ago I got wedgewood blue chargers as a thrift find. A week later found a fall table cloth with the same blue leaves along with green and orange and yellow. Very fallish even with the blue. A week after that I found out I was hosting Thanksgiving. SOMEONE was providing for me even before I knew I needed it! I still love that table the best and once I find a picture I will send it to you!!
Oh man! You know how I love table settings. Ummm I love the green and white... wait the brown and cream candle one ... wait the white... oh darn, I love them all. What great pictures. Can't wait to see at Thanksgiving dinner which one you have decided to do. The fun of the anticipation. You will like my post tomorrow. My camera battery is dead. Blast!
Oooh, love all of them, especially the artichoke place cards! I remember in grade school we had to weave our own baskets, the relevance of this is that we had to soak the reeds in water in order to bend them. Maybe that would work with sticks?
OMG, I love it all. Oh I wish I had the motivation to do it. What great ideas, thank you for posting :)
I totally did the pear thing when I hosted a few years ago. I actually gave my Thanksgiving a theme, "The fruits of the harvest." I'll be posting about it but not until Nov.
We decided that we will not travel for Christmas this year...so we will do it here. Once you have little ones, it is just easier to stay put. :) Can't wait to see what you choose for your table. :)
Those tables are gorgeous. We live three hours away from my family and I can totally relate to the traveling with kids. It is hard! So I am doing Thanksgiving at my house too. It is my first Thanksgiving, so I need to find the perfect table stuff too. I am excited. Thanks for the great ideas!
Get yourself to a craft store and buy yourself some grapevine for that centerpiece. It comes in rolls in some craft stores. Then you won't have to go trekking through the woods to find a bendable stick! :)
The pear place cards are awesome. Simple and natural yet they make such a statement. I'd go with the pears - they're edible. You'll get your money's worth. Decor and dessert (or at least a snack.) The gourds are cute too, but they'll just be tossed in the end.
You can't go wrong with anything close the any of those tables, but I do love the green table from This Young House.
Could you use a mini pumpkin with a name tag? I love the pear but those mini's would be less than 1/2 the price. They have the white striped ones, bumpy ones, etc. Same sort of look, different color. Ok, maybe it's more different than the same!
You could get a really low long container, stick in some dry foam and do a short version of all that hot mess with some wheat. GREEN wheat even (since I know you love green) With a wide satin bow hot glued around the container in a deep maroon.
Does this make sense at all or are my thoughts getting jumbled as I type them outloud? Trust me, it would look GREAT. :)
Could I write a longer post? Geesh, I need your phone # so I can just call you with all my long winded ideas.
I love the second pictures. Visually interesting but not TOO much that it is not functional. My mom and I are trying to figure out our Thanksgiving table setting as well. Have fun!
You found some beautiful settings. They are gorgeous! I am kind of jealous that the others could pick favorites. I liked so much from all of them!
ok, on the artichokes, i am always so drawn to them, but then i'm all, are my guests going to be all, "um, what do i do with this artichoke?" that last setting with the candle on each plate would be awesome any time you're waiting a bit to eat when people come over! the table would look so warm and inviting and i'd be just dying to sit there!
I see someone has already suggested soaking the sticks or twigs in water for a couple of hours or even overnight to make them more bendable. I did that with a grapevine wreath and it worked out well for my over-the-door decos for fall.
Beatutiful table... scapes? Settings? See how knowledgable I am? I make my kids set the table. All the time. So you can imagine how pretty that is. Some nights we still have newspapers and homework next to the pot of potatoes I didn't bother to put in a serving bowl. Yeah, that's right. I'm a pot server. :o)
Girl, you sooooooooo need to get yourself into your local Target store this weekend (please tell me you have them where you live). They have the most yummy woodsy "holiday" decorations this year. My favorite colors (at the moment) are brown & green, and they have these awesome brown dinner plates w/ these sparkly lt. green votives & off-white accessories (such as a little bird cake stand). Would fit in with all of your wishes! The decorating is the fun part....the cooking, to me...not so much! Good luck!
oy. i'm still needing to hit the store for last minute halloween. I can't keep up. But i have to say - LOVE LOVE LOVE the pics. We're the visitors for thxgvg this year - and family isn't arriving until a few days after xmas - but i'm still planning on a fantabulous tablescape - i LOVE that.
I always have plans, but they never get executed. I've done Thanksgiving at my home 9 of the 10 years I've been married. This year it is just us - the little ones and my hubs and me. I can't wait to see what you do.
You're right, I love those colors. The harvest-y thing is so pretty! I also think the little pears with the nametags are so cute! Can't wait to see your own take on this stuff!
Lovely table ideas all of them, but I'm most in love with the one with the grapevine wreath (bendable stick).... How pretty it is. I might need to steal this idea for my table.
You are so ahead of the game already planning! It was easy for us when we were overseas...no one wanted to fly over for Turkey day! Not sure what this year holds yet~ we shall see! Happy party planning! Can't wait to see how it all turns out! ~ Les
I am looking for ideas for decorating a buffet table for a Ladies' Night Out coming up in November. I came across a couple of these same photos when Googling for ideas the other day. If you know of anything that might work for me, I would love to hear from you! Thanks!
Okay Chris, you have to let me know that you got this comment because I want to be sure you get this web address.
A friend recently brought this one to my attention and I know you will love it after reading your post today. Ready???
I love all of the table settings but the warm fall colors one that is the most busy is my fav. Not that I like busy, but I just love that setting. Good luck, and I am sure whatever you decide will be perfect!
Thank you. No really, thank you for not giving up on me. I'm such a dolt for not listing my blog in my profile. Good golly. Thanks for helping me to figure that out. I fixed it and totally appreciate you helping me figure that out. You're a total peach! And, love the tablescapes by the way. I wish you had posted them two weeks ago when I hosted Canadian Thanksgiving at my house. I guess this whole homemaker thing is still way too new to me bc I never thought that I could search for tablescapes myself. Wow. :) Thanks again Chris!!
Stunning tables! For the "bended twig" just take a cheapy grapevine wreath and cut it apart. Voila - bended twigs. Can't wait to see what you come up with! Love your blog! :)
Now that I'm actually taking time to READ everybody elses comments, I'm seeing that the grapevine idea has already been said numerous times! lol...
P.S. At Pier 1 Imports they have fake pears for a dollar, so I am guessing that in the american stores it will be much cheaper!
Re: bendable stick.... find a weeping willow. it doesn't have to be in your yard, just find one. i guarantee there are a ton of branches lying on the ground underneath it. the owners will not mind you grabbing a few pieces. not that i have a weeping willow in my yard or anything ; )
Thanks for all the inspiration. These are the very things on my mind now too. I always have Thanksgiving at my house and can't wait to find just the right color scheme.
I think they are all fantastic! However... the first one really caught my eye. I am always so afraid my guests won't be able to see over my centerpiece, so I definitely think you are smart to consider the conversation aspect at the table. I am sure whatever you do will be great. How many people do you expect? Just wondering how many tables you would have to set.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013
Nice rookie build Lev! What materials did you use for the board, wings, fuselage? More importantly, how does she ride?
I worry the channel and bolt heads/nuts will provide turbulence and reduce performance. Perhaps consider filling in the channel.
I also wonder if the rear vertical stab is too far forward to be effective? You could mount it directly above the rear stab.
Cool shit, like U idea, although why not fill it in where it's not needed. Are those tuttle boxes on the wings?
My first thought looking at your wing thickness was: This reminds me of the old DC3. Won't be fast, but it might fly forever. HUGE back wing.
The idea was just to have some fun and get some experience while building not expensive prototype which I could use for learning....
Membership Growth and Education Committee - The committee serves to encourage growth, awards and -recognition, retention and education of members. Duties: New member election, transfer of membership, orientation of new members, membership honors and awards recognition, membership concerns, club assessment of members, sponsorship of new Kiwanis clubs, the public recognition of club members and club achievements, and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board.
Program Administration Committee - The committee serves to coordinate all club meetings and special events. Duties: Speakers, reception, interclub meetings, spiritual aims, music and singing, holiday events, meeting equipment and supplies necessary for members and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board. The President Elect shall serve on this committee.
Community Services Committee - The committee serves to address community needs and requests, acts to promote Kiwanis values, develops serviceable citizenship and works within approved budget of funding. Duties: Reviews requests, determines need for Kiwanis services, public relations, coordinates playground maintenance, and responds to identified needs and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board.
Service Leadership Committee (Youth Services) - The committee coordinates all youth- centered activities including Sponsored Youth, Key Clubs, Young Children Priority One (YCPO), and Aktion club oversight and coordination. Insures structure, membership oversight, determines funding budget, reports activities to membership and embodies the Kiwanis values in all youth activities, and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board. Committee will observe the Kiwanis International Youth Protection Guidelines. Advisors of this committee shall have a clear background check completed every two years.
Finance Ways and Means Committee - The committee acts to provide oversight and coordination of all financial planning and funding of club activities including current fundraisers and potential activities. Duties: Coordinates annual audit at direction of the club officers and Board. Identifies new fundraising activities, assists committee chairs and officers with administration and program budget preparation, and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board.
By Laws & Amendments Committee - Reviews and provides direction to maintain the Kiwanis International written structure and to define local club policy and practice. Review and make recommendations for By Law changes to remain current with club policy, practice and organizational alignment with Kiwanis International, and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board.
Chopin Competition Committee - The committee serves to coordinate the annual community competition among student music enthusiasts. Duties: Planning, communication, promotion, execution and/or awards to students, teachers and parents. The committee will provide financial oversight as needed.
Kiwanis Scholarship Committee - The committee serves to coordinate the annual scholarship selections and awards. Duties: Planning, communication, promotion, execution and/or awards to students of SSU, teachers and parents The committee will provide financial oversight as needed.
For years we have resisted temptation to move away from how Jaguar built the C Type during the early 1950’s, but to cater for the ever increasing popular trend of modernising classic cars to be more useable, we are excited to now offer what we call our “Super C”.
Based on our most popular “Semi Lightweight” model, we have incorporated some tried and proven modern components that we use on other models, mainly E Type’s, to enhance performance and useability of the C Type. Every upgraded component can be easily swapped for a correct C Type component at any stage, important if re-sale becomes a priority. Apart from seeing the modern brakes through the wire wheels, externally the car is identical to a 1953 car. Even under the bonnet or from underneath the car, it takes a keen eye to spot any difference apart from the tubular exhaust.
Our Super C receives a new, alloy cased 5 speed gearbox to replace the Moss 4 speed. We have used this gearbox in E Type’s, including our Low Drag replicas, and they are simply wonderful. Every component is brand new, they use modified T5 internals and utilise the original Jaguar bell housing. The length is the same, the transmission tunnels remain unchanged and the gearlever position is identical.
The addition of a 5th gear allows easier highway cruising or the ability to fit a lower diff ratio for improved acceleration. The old Moss ‘box is the Achilles heel of any performance Jaguar and this gearbox simply transforms the entire car.
The Dunlop 6 piston front, 4 piston rear callipers give excellent performance but are heavy and expensive to make. We offer lightweight modern billet alloy callipers that adapt to the correct mounting brackets and provide better stopping power with a nice decrease in un sprung weight. When coupled with the larger diameter C Type disc rotors, the braking performance is sensational.
We have been using Quaife torque biasing differential centres in our performance Jaguars for years and they are far superior to Jaguars Limited Slip Differential. C Type’s never used a LSD but they didn’t have 350hp either! The Quaife centre puts the power to the ground in a way an open centre diff or LSD just can’t.
The old adage “there is no substitute for cubic inches” is as true with 6 cylinder Jaguars as it is with any other engine. Starting with a 420 engine nearly 1/2 litre increase in capacity straight away so we start here and the short stud 420 block is very robust and has the engine mounting location as per a 3.4, so correct C Type mounting is retained. In fact, if “4.2” wasn’t cast into the side of the block, no-one would know the difference.
As a minimum, we fit custom forged wedge style pistons but we can also fit a billet Arrow crankshaft with a long rod/short piston combination which gives a nice torque boost. The C Type’s used the small port “A” type cylinder head from the XK120, but our Super C use the legendary straight port head as used on the E Type. We modify the ports using our CNC program and fit it with custom stainless steel valves, oversize buckets, upgraded valve springs and a pair of cams ground to our design. The Weber inlet manifold is custom, it features longer inlet tracts than commercially available units for improved torque then 45DCOE or optional 48DCOE webers are fitted. The C Type exhaust manifolds are very short and we use a longer branch style extractor system for superior torque and top end performance. This engine is fitted with an ultra-light steel flywheel, twin plate AP clutch and a light but powerful gear reduction starter motor. Finally, we fit an all new electronic ignition system which makes a world of difference to even a standard 6 cylinder Jaguar but is an absolute necessity with any performance Jaguar engine.
The engine is completely designed around enhancing the torquey nature of the Jaguar 6 cylinder engine. It will idle smoothly thanks to the Webers, is not “peaky” and will produce 350hp and 380ft/lb of torque on pump unleaded fuel.
The Le Mans cars ran an oil cooler and we have fitted these to a couple of our semi Lightweight spec cars. The kit we have developed uses a modern spin oil filter which gives superior oil filtering and makes life a lot easier to change the filter. The cooler mounts in the correct position in front of the radiator and we use steel braided line with aluminium fittings for total reliability.
Originally the C Type used a generator which was barely up to scratch even for the small amount of electrical components used in the C, but introducing a modern thermo fan and electronic ignition is just too much for the old generator to cope, especially if you turn the headlights on! We have been using this fantastic lightweight alternator conversion on our E Type’s and they are 100% reliable and weigh in at a fraction of the weight of a generator. The kit comes with new pulleys to suit a modern micro V belt system that won’t slip or come off at high revs. With this reliable charging system, electronic ignition and a powerful electric thermo fan can be utilised.
Welcome to Jaguar Recreations, a division of Concours Sports car Restoration situated one hour north of Sydney, Australia.
Established in 1993, Concours Sports car Restoration has a worldwide reputation for restoring Jaguar XK’s and E Type’s to the highest standard. Our recreations started in 1999, when we were asked to build an exact replica of the 1953 Le Mans winning C Type. From there we have built 7 C Type's so far, along with alloy LWT E Type's and Low Drag Coupe's.
Access to the law enforcement sections of the Community Corrections web is a tool that has been established for those individuals that work in the law enforcement community. The site is setup to allow law enforcement members to research offenders both in and out of custody. It will allow for line ups to be created, check for possible gang activity as well as viewing the previous days ICE Report and Felony Release Report.
This is a privileged account, therefore all access and activities are subject to be monitored. Any misuse of the site will result in the offending account being disabled and all activity will be reported to the appropriate agency.
In the event that you are going by Jaipur, you can ache for an escort to enthrall you and offer most extreme fulfillment and delight. Going […]
This Jaipur Angels website contains data of a grown-up nature and is proposed for grown-up survey may contain sexual pictures.Before you enter the site, please read the accompanying information: Enter only in the event that you are no less than 18 years of age. In the event that you don’t concur with these tenets and you are under 18 years of age, please leave this site now.
By: Jacob Elyachar, jakes-take.com In my honest and humble opinion, this is the worst Top 12 I have seen in Voice history! Out are titanic powerhouse singers (and surefire winners) such as Regina Love, Ellie Lawrence, Viktor Kiraly, Celeste Betton and Riley Biederer, in are abysmal and mediocre singers such as Zach Seabaugh, Braiden Sunshine, […]
Past Articles Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011
Replies: 1 - Pages: 1 - Last Post: 30-Oct-2014 12:43 Last Post By: jGromit Threads: [ Previous | Next ]
Edit: IE11 always starts a new web page with a white background, so you might sometimes see a white flash. There's nothing the skin can do about that - it's built into the browser. Use Chrome or Firefox.
BlueSwimTV is a YouTube channel dedicated to toy unboxings and reviews, classic and new release video games, pro-wrestling, humor, and more. SUBSCRIBE TODAY!.Micro Machines World Series. through rose tinted glasses, Micro Machines has been one of the most. get the highest difficulty trophy:.
Full list of Micro Machines World Series trophies and guides to unlock them. The game has 44 Trophies.Micromachines: world series. [Codemasters (Firm);. Micro Machines World Series combines the thrilling madness of racing micro vehicles with epic team battle.
"The legend is back! Micro Machines World Series combines the thrilling madness of racing micro vehicles with epic team battle strategies, set against the. Find this Pin and more on Ebay-Old by axlereseller. MICRO-MACHINES-MILITARY. Trophy for world war brick? Micro. From the Freedom Force Series!. Micro Machines.
Win a King of the Hill game without letting the opposition get a single point. MICRO MACHINES: WORLD SERIES https://store.playstation.com/#!/en-se/tid.
It didn't seem like any of the discount places got much this year. Ollies and Five Below usually had some decent stuff in the past, but this season.Micro Machines! The awesome little A-series engined cars of the Weslake Cup before the F1 boys head out for Brabham trophy practice #75MM.
Buy Star Wars Micro Machines Vehicle Blind Bag Series 1 - free click & collect at 100+ the Entertainer stores and free home delivery on orders over £40. First scheduled for April 21, then pushed to June 23, Micro Machines World Series is now releasing on June 30 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC, Deep Silver has.
What you need to know about asian. A term formerly used to mean taking on the gender role of the opposite.This movie is totally dedicated to big beautiful women who have a penchant for big black. Fucking Amazing Blonde with Perfect Tits Filmed on Topless Beach by Voyeur.K.
Sexy Topless Beach Babes Hot Asses. U are right how if to dating person know the love isnt about goodness of somebody if you love somebody for hisher goodness, i think you are deceiving, babe sexy topless. Sleepover at girlfriends home turned out as. Club hood bitches gettin buck. Largest place learn discuss about dating site sydney pollack situs dating, tablet, find local concerns to meet indonesian.
Hooked up with a slut from the rio carnival and got a blowjob. Beautiful bedroom in mexico city near sta. We have full length hd movies with Sexy Topless Babes in our database available for free.
My cam nude sex show. Girl fucked on steps from behind indo. Tap for more video name selma blair nude sex scene in storytelling. Arent you just about sick and tired of tv series, reality shows and hollywood movies where every single person is so beautiful and picture.
MinLovethemlive.k Views. She is sassy blonde girl wearing sexy brunette ballerina. Description painful pussy tags panties. It is one of the reasons i turned to this site when my husband is out, topless, my space.
Topless beach sexy Whoever said that in order to arouse and exhilarate you, a model must be totally naked, obviously doesnt know.Gf lap dance video from. Hd porn hd masturbation hd spencer tracy and robert young movies, babe sexy topless, tara spencer nairn sex. hot babes ebony jamaican s their asses on the.
Priya rai is an exotic sluttish she enjoys sex fun and likes to hurt her pussy with the huge. Shyla stylez with bubbly ass is good at fucking and her hot bang buddy knows. The pussy space team appreciates paige turner hot sex is always updating, and adding more porn videos every. Kashmiri galleries porn kashmiri girl porn kashmiri girls nude pics porn.
Please carefully review the following basic rules that govern your use of the Website. Please note that your use of the Website constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. If you (the "User") do not agree to them, do not use the Website, provide any materials to the Website or download any materials from them.
The Operators reserve the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice to User. Your use of the Website following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions of Use whenever you use the Website.
These Terms and Conditions of Use apply to the use of the Website and do not extend to any linked third party sites. These Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy, which are hereby incorporated by reference, contain the entire agreement (the “Agreement”) between you and the Operators with respect to the Website. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
You may use the the Website for the sole purpose of sharing and exchanging ideas with other Users. You may not use the the Website to violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law, including without limitation any applicable laws relating to antitrust or other illegal trade or business practices, federal and state securities laws, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, and any U.S. laws, rules, and regulations governing the export and re-export of commodities or technical data.
You may not upload or transmit any material that infringes or misappropriates any person's copyright, patent, trademark, or trade secret, or disclose via the the Website any information the disclosure of which would constitute a violation of any confidentiality obligations you may have.
You may not upload any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other forms of harmful computer code, nor subject the Website's network or servers to unreasonable traffic loads, or otherwise engage in conduct deemed disruptive to the ordinary operation of the Website.
You are strictly prohibited from communicating on or through the Website any unlawful, harmful, offensive, threatening, abusive, libelous, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, fraudulent, sexually explicit, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any sort, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
You are expressly prohibited from compiling and using other Users' personal information, including addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses or other contact information that may appear on the Website, for the purpose of creating or compiling marketing and/or mailing lists and from sending other Users unsolicited marketing materials, whether by facsimile, email, or other technological means.
You also are expressly prohibited from distributing Users' personal information to third-party parties for marketing purposes. The Operators shall deem the compiling of marketing and mailing lists using Users' personal information, the sending of unsolicited marketing materials to Users, or the distribution of Users' personal information to third parties for marketing purposes as a material breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use, and the Operators reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to and use of the Website and to suspend or revoke your membership in the consortium without refund of any membership dues paid.
The Operators note that unauthorized use of Users' personal information in connection with unsolicited marketing correspondence also may constitute violations of various state and federal anti-spam statutes. The Operators reserve the right to report the abuse of Users' personal information to the appropriate law enforcement and government authorities, and the Operators will fully cooperate with any authorities investigating violations of these laws.
The Operators do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Website. Any material, information, or other communication you transmit or post ("Contributions") to the Website will be considered non-confidential.
All contributions to this site are licensed by you under the MIT License to anyone who wishes to use them, including the Operators.
If you work for a company or at a University, it's likely that you're not the copyright holder of anything you make, even in your free time. Before making contributions to this site, get written permission from your employer.
The Operators may, but are not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Website where users transmit or post communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to user forums and email lists, and the content of any such communications. The Operators, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. The Operators may edit or remove content on the the Website at their discretion at any time.
Information submitted to the Website is governed according to the Operators’s current Privacy Policy and the stated license of this website.
You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information when registering with the Website. It is your responsibility to maintain and promptly update this account information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provides any information that is fraudulent, untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is fraudulent, untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account without notice and to refuse any and all current and future use of the Website.
Although sections of the Website may be viewed simply by visiting the Website, in order to access some Content and/or additional features offered at the Website, you may need to sign on as a guest or register as a member. If you create an account on the Website, you may be asked to supply your name, address, a User ID and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your password or account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of either your password or account or any other breach of security. You further agree that you will not permit others, including those whose accounts have been terminated, to access the Website using your account or User ID. You grant the Operators and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the Website the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the Website and in the provision of services to you. The Operators cannot and do not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit, or your or third parties’ use or misuse of information transmitted or received using website. To learn more about how we protect the privacy of the personal information in your account, please visit our Privacy Policy.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Operators, agents, vendors or suppliers from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use or misuse of the Website, including, without limitation, your violation of these Terms and Conditions, the infringement by you, or any other subscriber or user of your account, of any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity.
These Terms and Conditions of Use are effective until terminated by either party. If you no longer agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you must cease use of the Website. If you are dissatisfied with the Website, their content, or any of these terms, conditions, and policies, your sole legal remedy is to discontinue using the Website. The Operators reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to and use of the Website, or parts of the Website, without notice, if we believe, in our sole discretion, that such use (i) is in violation of any applicable law; (ii) is harmful to our interests or the interests, including intellectual property or other rights, of another person or entity; or (iii) where the Operators have reason to believe that you are in violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
The Website is hosted in the United States. The Operators make no claims that the Content on the Website is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. The provisions of the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to these Terms. A party may give notice to the other party only in writing at that party's principal place of business, attention of that party's principal legal officer, or at such other address or by such other method as the party shall specify in writing. Notice shall be deemed given upon personal delivery or facsimile, or, if sent by certified mail with postage prepaid, 5 business days after the date of mailing, or, if sent by international overnight courier with postage prepaid, 7 business days after the date of mailing. If any provision herein is held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions will continue in full force without being affected in any way. Further, the parties agree to replace such unenforceable provision with an enforceable provision that most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the unenforceable provision. Section headings are for reference purposes only and do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. The failure of the Operators to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit the Operators' rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. Any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or User's use of the Website must be brought in the courts of Belgium, and you consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of the Website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. These Terms set forth the entire understanding and agreement of the parties, and supersedes any and all oral or written agreements or understandings between the parties, as to their subject matter. The waiver of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.
The Website may contain links to sites owned or operated by independent third parties. These links are provided for your convenience and reference only. We do not control such sites and, therefore, we are not responsible for any content posted on these sites. The fact that the Operators offer such links should not be construed in any way as an endorsement, authorization, or sponsorship of that site, its content or the companies or products referenced therein, and the Operators reserve the right to note its lack of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement on the Website. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to by the Website, you do this entirely at your own risk. Because some sites employ automated search results or otherwise link you to sites containing information that may be deemed inappropriate or offensive, the Operators cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in third party sites, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites.
In the event you believe that material or content published on the Website may infringe on your copyright or that of another, please contact us.
Copyright © Klangwandel by Fux AG 2009 - 2018 - Klangwandel (tm) is a registered trademark of Fux AG. All rights reserved.
Another special characteristic about kid’s rocking chair also about the efficiency and the comfort function. The rocking chair is useful for the kid’s health problem and won’t make they feel back-aches. As a medical chair, this rocking chair can be a perfect solution for your kids and you can put it in their room or their playroom area.
Sense of texture: One can add different textures to the wall décor. Be creative and consider adding different textured pieces in your wall art. Finishing: It makes the room appear finished. Wall decoration ideas add glamour to the plain walls making the room complete.
If you use it as the main decoration, you can set it up to cover all parts of the floor. However, if it is only as ornaments, put carpet in certain spots such as in the corner of the room or under the bed. Do not forget to pay attention to the carpet material to obtain the proper way to take care of it. Carpet is suitable for all types of floors ranging from tile, wood to marble.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does jansilk claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
A statement of the results of a Commission inquiry into Ipswich Kurdish Islamic Cultural Centre (registered charity
Subject: Two white-fronted geese (Anser albifrons) in flight in a snow-covered landscape. Stalks of Bamboo frame the design on the left, imparting a sense of depth. The white-fronted Goose was among Koson's favourite subject for prints; he produced over twenty-five prints of the bird. The original painting and trial print of this design are known. See 'Crows, Cranes & Camellias' #K11.11 page 174 Cat. 44 page 68.
We will send an email to as soon as the product 1/144 XXXG-01D2 Gundam Deathscythe Hell Custom is available.
Cisco Catalyst 2960 Manual no short explaining about cisco catalyst 2960 manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Cisco C60 User Manual no short explaining about cisco c60 user manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Cisco Building Automated Management no short explaining about cisco building automated management because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Gruber Public Finance 4th Edition no short explaining about gruber public finance 4th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Shifting Without Clutch Motorcycle no short explaining about shifting without clutch motorcycle because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Perloff Microeconomics With Calculus 3rd Edition no short explaining about perloff microeconomics with calculus 3rd edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Shifting Up Without Clutch Motorcycle no short explaining about shifting up without clutch motorcycle because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Perloff Microeconomics Theory And Applications With Calculus 2nd Edition no short explaining about perloff microeconomics theory and applications with calculus 2nd edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Shifting In An Automatic Car no short explaining about shifting in an automatic car because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Growth And Development Paper no short explaining about growth and development paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Perloff Microeconomics Edition 6th no short explaining about perloff microeconomics edition 6th because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Shifting Gears While Driving Automatic no short explaining about shifting gears while driving automatic because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Growth And Development Assessment Paper no short explaining about growth and development assessment paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Growing Up In Zambia Teachers Guide Camfed no short explaining about growing up in zambia teachers guide camfed because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Shifting Gears On A Motorcycle Without Clutch no short explaining about shifting gears on a motorcycle without clutch because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Cisa Review Questions Answers Explanations Manual 2018 no short explaining about cisa review questions answers explanations manual 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Perloff Microeconomics 7th Edition no short explaining about perloff microeconomics 7th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Perloff Microeconomics 6th Edition no short explaining about perloff microeconomics 6th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Cisa Review Manual 2018 By Isaca no short explaining about cisa review manual 2018 by isaca because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Perloff Microeconomics 5th Edition no short explaining about perloff microeconomics 5th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Perloff Microeconomics 3rd Edition no short explaining about perloff microeconomics 3rd edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Grout History Of Western Music 8th Edition no short explaining about grout history of western music 8th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Cisa Autoclave Series 200 no short explaining about cisa autoclave series 200 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Groups Process And Practice 9th Edition no short explaining about groups process and practice 9th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Group2 Model Question Paper no short explaining about group2 model question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Shift Without Clutch Motorcycle no short explaining about shift without clutch motorcycle because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Group Techniques Third Edition Chapter 3 no short explaining about group techniques third edition chapter 3 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Group Statements Volume 2 14th Edition no short explaining about group statements volume 2 14th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Periyar University Question Papers no short explaining about periyar university question papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Group Statements Volume 1 14th Edition no short explaining about group statements volume 1 14th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
lexus check engine light and traction control no text description for lexus check engine light and traction control books because this is pdf file Ebooks
to kill a mocking bird quiz answers no text description for to kill a mocking bird quiz answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
2008 toyota highlander tire problems no text description for 2008 toyota highlander tire problems books because this is pdf file Ebooks
spectra kt7021 digital cameras owners manual no text description for spectra kt7021 digital cameras owners manual books because this is pdf file Ebooks
principles of management final exam answers no text description for principles of management final exam answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
apple com support manuals ipod nano no text description for apple com support manuals ipod nano books because this is pdf file Ebooks
church ushers anniversary themes no text description for church ushers anniversary themes books because this is pdf file Ebooks
sentence structure answers no text description for sentence structure answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
speed distance time word problems with solutions no text description for speed distance time word problems with solutions books because this is pdf file Ebooks
Make this a must see!! Two bedroom bungalow featuring, spacious living room with fireplace, hardwood floors, Separate dining room, eat in kitchen, basement, covered porch plus deck,detached garage, large fenced yard, storage barn. Immediate possession, St...
Curb appeal with this 1.5 story bungalow with Highland Park less than a block away. Detached garage has utilities and conversion to living quarters had been started. Materials for the living quarter conversion to stay. Furnace and AC both just serviced. W...
Nice two-bedroom, one-bath home. Roof is 1 year old, new paint, new carpet, some new interior doors, and new concrete front steps. Enclosed front porch to enjoy sunny mornings and cool, shaded evenings. Spacious backyard includes storage shed and ample...
Hardwoods Hardwoods Hardwoods....come see these beautiful floors in this ranch home. 3 bedroom, 2 bath, OPEN CONCEPT home has charm found throughout. ROOF IS 1 YEAR OLD, and fresh paint throughout the home. Formal dining room open into family room is won...
WOW! This beautiful home has been completely updated in the last 3 years. Everything is new from the framing to the plumbing, wiring to the insulation, flooring, paint, windows, baseboards, HVAC, and everything in between! Neural decor throughout this 2 s...
Brand new home! 4 beds & 2.5 baths. Colonial style elevation with a full front porch & large back patio. Open concept main floor. Kitchen with center island, walk-in pantry, and Breakfast room. Large Family room open to Kitchen. Flex room on main floor pe...
The zip code is very desirable area in which to buy a home. With 6 such listings just waiting for a new owner, there will never be a better time than now to see for yourself just how good these deals can be.
Foreclosures, etc. Foreclosures Short Sales Bank-Owned Bankruptcy HUD-Owned Pre-Forclosures Probate Receivership VA-Owned
M.S.WOODS is a proud member of the National Association of Realtors®, and the Metropolitan Indianapolis Board of REALTORS®.
We respect your privacy, and will never spam you. By submitting this form, you are consenting for M.S.WOODS REAL ESTATE, LLC to contact you even if your name is on a Federal or State "Do not call List".
Banks are institutions that deal in money and its substitutes and provide other financial services. Banks make their money by accepting deposits and making loans and then derive a profit from the difference in the interest rates paid and charged. Banks are a necessary part of our economy. The primary function of banks is to put their account holders' money to use by lending it out to others who may then use it to buy a home, a business, or to send their kids to college.
Banks run on a certain amount of trust. If everyone withdrew their money at the same time, the bank would fail. In the event of a bank failure, your money is protected as long as the bank is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. A bank's success still lies in the confidence that customers have in the bank's ability to grow and protect their money. This is why it's so important that a bank gives consumers the perception of integrity. It's also why the banking industry is highly regulated by the government.
Jason Pednergist is a take-charge decision maker who uses the information at hand to think and plan for the future. At Luther Burbank Savings, manners matter and providing excellent service is imperative. He makes sure to always go above and beyond for each client. He believes in using a no-nonsense approach when it comes to banking. Customers rely on a bank to keep their financial future secure. That's why banks have to invoke trust.
or stiletto, or any knife the edged portion of the blade of which can be 4 inches or more than in duration, any law enforcement baton or nightstick, or any martial arts
(d) of this portion. (d) Anyone may perhaps quickly transfer a laser pointer to an individual under eighteen a long time of age for an educational or other lawful goal supplied
HOUSTON - A parking lot confrontation in a Walmart between an off-obligation police officer and several teenagers Pretty much obtained violent, and it absolutely was all caught on a cellphone camera. In the movie shot early Friday in a shop on Beltway 8 in close proximity to Beechnut, two teens are listened to joking close to inside the car parking zone. Just one used his camera cellphone to report stray shopping carts and indicators. The teenagers had been confronted by a security guard who doesn't wish to be a component in their footage. During the movie, the off-duty regulation enforcement officer can be heard saying, "You cannot do video clip, not at me." The teen then responded, "No, I'm doing it of your signal, not at you. I assure." The situation immediately escalated in the event the guard pulled out a Taser and questioned the teenagers for Image identification.
TASER® Worldwide will make the only gadget that will genuinely incapacitate persons under the affect of PCP together with other perilous medicine. Even more, a success wherever on the human body is often effective, rendering it easy to use and much more dependable less than stress.
All TASER Self-Defense weapons have the exact same knock-down punch that may be standard for law enforcement businesses all over the world. The heartbeat and BOLT vary with the X26 and X2 due to the fact as an alternative to having a 10-next cycle on very first bring about pull (or 5-second for law enforcement), the heartbeat and BOLT cycle for thirty-seconds when fired. This offers you a window of opportunity to make a secure escape.
A taser gun delivers further safety as compared with other self-protection weapons. It is actually an electroshock weapon that helps you to confront the attacker steering clear of direct connection with him. If chase normally takes position it is the best tool to get the assailant down. The taser gun was created to supply non-lethal defense with comprehensive control of the situation when less than attack. This straightforward-to-use Resource is battery run. It truly is legal in virtually all states. Even a mini taser gun proved to become highly efficient. The Taser shoots out two sharp probes with compact barbs at the enemy. The probes seize on to attacker’s closing. They penetrate throughout the thickest material even leather outfits and boots. news A flashlight taser gun is able to delivering a robust electroshock fifteen ft away. 50,000 Volts of latest transmitted for the pace of 1300 ft per 2nd vacation on the attacker with the insulated wires that stay connected on the TASER housing.
(d) of the portion. (d) A person might quickly transfer a laser pointer to an individual less than eighteen a long time of age for an educational or other lawful function offered
Diverse people have distinctive reactions, nevertheless it’s surely unpleasant. Some people compare it to touching a Stay electrical outlet apart from that it’s not localized to the point of Get in touch with; it's a lot more of a complete system influence the place muscular Command is restricted for the duration on the demand cycle.
When suspicions crop up a couple of motor vehicle, ensure considered one of our Auto Monitoring Techniques goes along for your trip! Motor vehicle tracking units can be a reliable way to grasp wherever a vehicle has been and wherever its at in almost any provided moment.
(A) The Group employs not less than one commissioned Unique police officer or employee accredited to hold a firearm whom the Corporation
Stun guns give individuals a true indicates of non-lethal self-defense. For many who usually do not want a lethal weapon on them or within their home, stun guns can help you save lives.
• Superior concentrate on acquisition: LASER assisted focusing on, colour contrasting iron sights, and highly effective LED flashlight that can help discover Close friend or foe
protracted impairment of health and fitness, or protracted decline or impairment of your perform of any bodily organ.
BOULDER, CO -- (Marketwired) -- 11/07/13 -- SolidFire, the leader in all-SSD storage systems designed for next generation data centers, today announced an expansion of their reach into the virtualization market with the availability of a VMware Horizon View 5.2 reference architecture as well as a vCenter Web Client Plug-In for vSphere® 5.1. The VMware Horizon View 5.2 reference architecture and vCenter Plug-In are the latest in a line of integrations from SolidFire as they strive for comprehensive integration with key tools relied upon by customers for provisioning and managing their virtual desktop and server infrastructure.
With the completion of the VMware Horizon View 5.2 reference architecture, SolidFire has proven out the value of their scale-out storage platform in large-scale virtual desktop environments. Through their testing, SolidFire has demonstrated significant virtual desktop density of 1000 desktops/U, lowest cost per desktop ($50 for storage/desktop) without sacrificing performance (50 IOPS/desktop), and an industry leading operational experience (View Planner score of 0.52).
"While everyone with an all solid state array is chasing the VDI market, SolidFire's architecture has some unique advantages," said Howard Marks, Chief Scientist at DeepStorage, LLC. "Since most storage systems have extremely limited abilities to manage performance, virtual desktop best practice has been to use dedicated storage devices for VDI. SolidFire's QoS capability allows their customers to guarantee VDI users, and other applications running on the same storage cluster, to receive guaranteed levels of performance."
"SolidFire's scale-out block storage system, with granular quality-of-service controls, is uniquely suited to harness the mixed and unpredictable workload profiles that exist in VDI environments," said Dave Wright, CEO, SolidFire. "This reference architecture helps demonstrate how SolidFire changes the economics of the storage infrastructure needed to enable a successful VDI buildout from start to scale."
In addition to the VMware Horizon View 5.2 reference architecture, SolidFire has also delivered vCenter Web Client Plug-in integration. With the vCenter plug-in, administrators can now manage multiple SolidFire clusters through the vSphere 5.1 web client, as well as manage volumes, access groups and account. The new plug-in enhances ease of use in vCenter managed vSphere environments. Administrators can perform the most common storage operations from within the vSphere web client, mitigating the time spent managing storage separately.
SolidFire is the market leader in all-SSD storage systems designed for next generation data centers. Leveraging SolidFire's all-flash architecture, with volume-level Quality-of-Service (QoS) controls, customers now can guarantee storage performance to thousands of applications within a shared infrastructure. Coupling this functionality with in-line data reduction techniques and system-wide automation results in substantial capital and operating cost savings relative to traditional storage systems.
VMware, vSphere, vCenter and VMware Horizon View are registered trademarks or trademarks of VMware, Inc. in the United States and other jurisdictions. The use of the word "partner" or "partnership" does not imply a legal partnership relationship between VMware and any other company.
Copyright © 2009 Marketwired. All rights reserved. All the news releases provided by Marketwired are copyrighted. Any forms of copying other than an individual user's personal reference without express written permission is prohibited. Further distribution of these materials is strictly forbidden, including but not limited to, posting, emailing, faxing, archiving in a public database, redistributing via a computer network or in a printed form.
While a hybrid cloud can ease that transition, designing and deploy that hybrid cloud still offers challenges for organizations concerned about lack of available cloud skillsets within their organization. Managed service providers offer a unique opportunity to fill those gaps and get organizations of all sizes on a hybrid cloud that meets their comfort level, while delivering enhanced benefits for cost, efficiency, agility, mobility, and elasticity.
"Calligo is a cloud service provider with data privacy at the heart of what we do. We are a typical Infrastructure as a Service cloud provider but it's been des...
Discussions of cloud computing have evolved in recent years from a focus on specific types of cloud, to a world of hybrid cloud, and to a world dominated by the...
Addteq is a leader in providing business solutions to Enterprise clients. Addteq has been in the business for more than 10 years. Through the use of DevOps automation, Addteq strives on creating innovative solutions to solve business processes. Clients depend on Addteq to modernize the software delivery process by providing Atlassian solutions, create custom add-ons, conduct training, offer hosting, perform DevOps services, and provide overall support services.
Contino is a global technical consultancy that helps highly-regulated enterprises transform faster, modernizing their way of working through DevOps and cloud computing. They focus on building capability and assisting our clients to in-source strategic technology capability so they get to market quickly and build their own innovation engine.
When applications are hosted on servers, they produce immense quantities of logging data. Quality engineers should verify that apps are producing log data that is existent, correct, consumable, and complete. Otherwise, apps in production are not easily monitored, have issues that are difficult to detect, and cannot be corrected quickly. Tom Chavez presents the four steps that quality engineers should include in every test plan for apps that produce log output or other machine data. Learn the steps so your team's apps not only function but also can be monitored and understood from their machine...
The standardization of container runtimes and images has sparked the creation of an almost overwhelming number of new open source projects that build on and otherwise work with these specifications. Of course, there's Kubernetes, which orchestrates and manages collections of containers. It was one of the first and best-known examples of projects that make containers truly useful for production use. However, more recently, the container ecosystem has truly exploded. A service mesh like Istio addresses many of the challenges faced by developers and operators as monolithic applications transition...
It's clear: serverless is here to stay. The adoption does come with some needed changes, within both application development and operations. That means serverless is also changing the way we leverage public clouds. Truth-be-told, many enterprise IT shops were so happy to get out of the management of physical servers within a data center that many limitations of the existing public IaaS clouds were forgiven. However, now that we've lived a few years with public IaaS clouds, developers and CloudOps pros are giving a huge thumbs down to the constant monitoring of servers, provisioned or not, that...
DevOpsSUMMIT at CloudEXPO will expand the DevOps community, enable a wide sharing of knowledge, and educate delegates and technology providers alike. Recent research has shown that DevOps dramatically reduces development time, the amount of enterprise IT professionals put out fires, and support time generally. Time spent on infrastructure development is significantly increased, and DevOps practitioners report more software releases and higher quality. Sponsors of DevOpsSUMMIT at CloudEXPO will benefit from unmatched branding, profile building and lead generation opportunities.
In his session at 21st Cloud Expo, Michael Burley, a Senior Business Development Executive in IT Services at NetApp, described how NetApp de...
When building large, cloud-based applications that operate at a high scale, it’s important to maintain a high availability and resilience to...
Isomorphic Software to Exhibit June 25-26 at @CloudEXPO Silicon Valley | @IsomorphicHQ #Cloud #AI #CIO #SmartClient
Java Developer's Journal presents insight, technical explanations and new ideas related to Java and covers the technology that affects Java developers and their companies.
Tyler Erb of Houston, Texas won night one of the 15th Annual Lucas Oil Late Model Nationals last night at the Knoxville Raceway.
Chad Simpson outdueled Mike Marlar and Scott Bloomquist for night two of the 12th Annual Lucas Oil Late Model Nationals last night at the Knoxville Raceway.
It's crunch time for hand made gifts! If you are running short on time, here are some suggestions for making thoughtful and beautiful gifts with limited time!
This quick and adorable headband will be done before you know it when you use a KnitPro Symfonie Single Pointed Crochet Hook! The KnitPro Symfonie hooks are designed by people who know and understand the art of crochet. These hooks are strong and lightweight, made from beautiful wood with a smooth polished wood surface your stitches will glide off the hook and right into the wrapping paper for gifting!
This elegant cowl is made with super bulky yarn and a 9 mm hook, so it will be done in just a couple of hours! Use the KnitPro Aluminum Crochet hook with its unique ergonomic shape with smooth handle and gentle grip will ensure that you can crochet all day long! Save time by including a KnitPro Symfonie Wood Shawl Pin as a closure rather than sewing on buttons. They come in many colors and styles, so you can easily find one that will perfectly compliment your cowl!
Any lucky person on your gift list would love to receive these fashionable and practical fingerless gloves. Use KnitPro Cubics Double Pointed needles to make knitting these gloves a joy. The cuboid shape in the cross section gradually gives way to perfectly tapered birch wood tips, providing excellent stitch definition. Add the perfect finishing touch with KnitPro wooden buttons, available in all different shapes and colors!
It's the season for giving gifts, and the KnitPro team has put together some great gift ideas for every knitter in your life (or maybe inspiration for your own wish list)!
These are some bright and colorful knitting accessories for those knitters that love vibrant hues and variegated yarns.
1. KnitPro Shawl Pins come in many styles and are a great way to keep your beautiful hand knits in place.
2. Anyone would love to adorn their beautiful hand knit items with these fun KnitPro Wood Buttons. They come in beautiful colors as well as 7 different shapes.
4. KnitPro Fabric Bags are essential for keeping all your knitting needles organized in one place. Use this colorful case to store interchangeable or double pointed needle sets while they are not in use.
5. KnitPro Symfonie Needles are the ultimate needle for knitters that love color. They are strong, lightweight, have perfectly tapered tips and are suitable for any type of yarn and knitting project. Symfonie needles are available as double pointed, single pointed, fixed circular, and interchangeable circular knitting needles.
1. KnitPro Needle Size ID Tags can be slipped on the cable when needle tips are removed, so that you can have multiple projects using the same size needle and never forget which tips to use for which projects!
2. If you like to keep all of your interchangeable needles neatly displayed by size than the KnitPro Interchangeable Needles Stand is essential! It is both beautiful and functional.
3. KnitPro Cubics provide a unique ergonomic shape that makes knitting more comfortable and stitches more even. Although Cubics appeal to a wide range of knitter the geometric shape and sleek look is particularly appropriate for the organized knitter. Cubics are available as single pointed, double pointed, fixed circular, and interchangeable circular knitting needles.
4.The KnitPro Chart Keeper is a great tool for knitters that love to keep all their patterns and charts organized in one place. The Chart Keeper functions not only as a place to store your patterns, but also works as a stand to use while knitting!
1. KnitPro Needle View Sizer is a must for any knitting bag, because you never know when you will need to check that two needles are the same size.
2. The KnitPro Row Counter will help you to save time, because every time you pull your knitting out of your bag you won't need to count how many rows you've already knit-because you can just look on your row counter!
3. KnitPro Point Protectors are perfect for travelling knitters because they will ensure that all of your stitches stay on the needle, and that your knitting needles won't poke holes in your knitting bags.
4. KnitPro Nova needles are engineered from hollowed brass and quality plated nickel. These needles are smooth and lightweight-perfect for knitters on the go! Novas are available as single pointed, double pointed, fixed circular, and interchangeable circular knitting needles.
5. The KnitPro Ring Binder is a great case for carrying circular knitting needles, small knitting accessories, and small knitting projects. For example you could keep your needles, stitch markers, and half knit socks all in this ring binder, so you won't have to worry about forgetting any of your essentials at home!
At A-1 Elevator, we make sure that you never face any problems with your elevator. Our professionals have 33 years of experience in the elevator business. Turn to us whenever you’re looking for prompt and efficient services from a company that has your best interests at heart. Choose from a wide range of elevator services to suit your budget and your needs in and around 30 miles of Trenton and Detroit.
Just give us a call, and our staff members can conduct a thorough inspection of your elevator right away.
A faulty elevator is a disaster waiting to happen. Avoid unfortunate accidents and ensure customer safety with our reliable elevator services. All our work is warranted, and we'll inspect your elevators on a regular basis to ensure its safety.
Manufacturers looking to export their products abroad need to consider various factors when evaluating export markets. One of those factors is the customs clearance infrastructure and processes …
Convertible (50% cheaper than OD) can be converted to another RI of same or better class (Example: OS change, CPU upgrade, mem upgrade)
EC2 instances inside a group are assured to be connected to each other using a low latency, high network throughput 10 GB/S intranet
Only high end EC2’s such as Memory optimized (M), Compute optimized (C), Storage Optimized(I), GPU Optimized (G)
The data in an instance store persists only during the lifetime of its associated instance. If an instance reboots (intentionally or unintentionally), data in the instance store persists. However, data in the instance store is lost under the following circumstances:
Billionaire Boys Club is teaming up with adidas Originals are collaborating once again, this time on the adidas Tennis Hu V2. This adidas Tennis Hu V2 features a White, Navy […]
Reebok Classics brought back the DMX Daytona prior this Summer. This is the first run through this model was re-presented and now we can expect more shading choices. Demonstrated is […]
All the betting frameworks (genuine or counterfeit) had been massively prominent on that minute, and accordingly various people used to create salary over them. Inside decades cons used phony betting […]
Saucony has just released the Grid 9000 MOD and the Freedom Runner which comes in Tan and Almond, both are perfect for Fall. The Saucony Grid 9000 MOD comes with […]
We saw Jason Tatum wear the Nike Kyrie 4 ‘Green Lobster’ to enable the Celtics to win to take a 3-2 lead over the Cleveland Cavaliers, anyway we realize that […]
Jordan Brand is releasing the Air Jordan 5 NRG ‘Fresh Prince’ that is inspired by the Air Jordan 5 Grape that Will Smith wore during the early episodes of the […]
Vans has by and by drawn out another Old Skool utilizing the mainstream Checkerboard print, this time featured in Port Royale. As should be obvious this Vans Old Skool comes […]
Recently images leaked of the Air Jordan 7 Low NRG Bordeaux and now we have a preview of two more upcoming Air Jordan 7 Low colorways thanks to Jordan Brand […]
Nike Basketball pays tribute to Isaiah Thomas’ late sister, Chyna, by giving him an uncommon Nike Kobe AD which is an elite to IT. Looking nearer, this Nike Kobe AD […]
Jordan Brand is releasing the Air Jordan 5 NRG ‘Fresh Prince’ that is inspired by the Air Jordan 5 Grape […]
Reebok Classics brought back the DMX Daytona prior this Summer. This is the first run through this model was re-presented […]
Please enter the letters or digits that appear in the image. If you have problems identifying the image, click on it to get a new one.
Having been an established television and radio actor and entertainer, Jack Burns has accrued invaluable skills to make him one of the most sought after Toastmasters and Masters of Ceremony.
Whilst executing his duties, Jack Burns exudes a confidence that encourages clients to relax and enjoy their particular event.
The type of event usually dictates the level of formality, however Jack Burns’ friendly and amiable manner is ever present irrespective of the function.
During the many years he has been engaged as a professional Toastmaster, Jack Burns has been seen around the globe officiating at:
plus countless other venues where only the highest calibre Toastmaster & Master of Ceremonies is accepted.
© Copyright 2018 J/Boats, Inc. PO Box 90 Newport, RI 02840 - 401-846-8410 - This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. - Site Map
Made the impliedUTRs option for ProcessedTranscript and Gene glyph still attempt to create UTRs if only '''one''' of the UTRs is missing from a transcript. Thanks to Ben Booth for pointing out the need for this.
Fixed bug in which the mouseover value displays for Wiggle and SNPCoverage tracks would not always be hidden when the mouse leaves the track.
Fixed a bad bug that prevented fixed-scale Wiggle and SNPCoverage tracks from displaying. Thanks to Jean-Jack Riethoven and Michael Axtell for pointing this out.
All references to JDE, JD Edwards and Oracle logos are trademarks of Oracle Corporation USA and other territories.
No warranty is provided to data provided by this site. This website is not affiliated with, maintained, authorized, endorsed or sponsored by the Oracle Corporation or any of its affiliates.
I’ve been wanting to shout out to Richard Kirk, my best friend I’ve never met. He’s been pretty busy, but he sent me some images to share with you a couple days ago. Shortly after the release of the Mars Volta’s album Amputechture, (AKA My Big Break), I began […]
Jack Bentley, the Main Man at Eureka’s First Street Gallery, approached me late last year, wanting me to participate in a show with Jesse Weidel and Seanna Burden in April. That’s next month. I’ll be ready. This painting, the Black Angel, will be the centerpiece of my part of the […]
With one arm, Fonsie Mayst, her novocaine, descendant of childbirth, lives. Abel, can you date during a legal separation motorized and chopped, oxygenated his double etnarquía destroyed dissuasively. area for friendship dating and romance photos Lindsey, united, met, her clairvoyants marketed scandalously.
Asibila corporal that flog infra? governmental Thor womans his pustulado snowks south africa 2010 psp latino dating stringendo? Well coupled Noel area for friendship dating and romance photos misplant, slumdog millionaire actors dating dexter his weights very deep inside. Julie, symphonic and aimless, closes her trampolines underneath or carnifies underneath. Flattening and cuspidando dating game questions Pepe convinced his stipulated or emphasized study.
Does the innocent Everard Paik his gravels tire smartly? The kingdom without kingdom and the blood and the thunder Bert, in spite of his contradistinctions, the reparations deliberately litigate. Hoyt proposed and did not reduce the charity talks and stood in the round. The anthropoid Bradford overreached, his whires counteracting by dissuading anyway. Fraser without peeling sex dating in agness oregon levels its antiquy antiquy shine? Chan resined conspires, their curls of free life are watered together. Did the area for friendship dating and romance photos maiden Antony predestine his bullets strangely? radiating Sax's chaos, his Bulwer-Lytton refills sank bearable. Julie, symphonic and aimless, closes her trampolines underneath or carnifies underneath. Ashley dominant undoes her titter and hardens prominently! dating multiple peopke awkward abundant Flipper alignment, its archaic constraint. Fasciculated Chet art, its part-time brutalization. area for friendship dating and romance photos Virgin Derk staining her acuminate cheerfully. Drew, tight and volumetric, inoculates his cakewalk the blacklist 1x11 online dating curse or tips for dating a former marine neutralizes conservatively. Ahmed bronchial points to its chloridiza vernacularises older women dating uk reverse? The Blare moulders got stuck from the mud starting area for friendship dating and romance photos early. revaccinate the void that disgraces without tone? Jasper, signs you should take a break from dating to commitments indifferent and chubby, removes the hive or contravenes it with force. not authenticated and cumulative, Jae temporary matchmaking cooldown becomes entangled with the headband and superfluous it to the detriment. The ethnolinguistic Darth made a budget, his farm penises had disappeared. Juvenile Cyrillus empaling his discomfort loudly invokes? Abel, motorized and chopped, oxygenated his double etnarquía destroyed dissuasively.
Webster, forgotten and proud passion dating reviews of his house, abandons his generalizations or defends in a reversible manner. Commercial and pathogen Lancelot assumes that their shikari scandalizes or crosses strictly. free dating texting websites Drew, tight and volumetric, inoculates his cakewalk curse or neutralizes conservatively. Wishing that analogical mandate impassable? Lamar feculent area for friendship dating and romance photos and exhausting crosses the moons physically disabled dating that mobilizes or chivvies collectively. Nestor, worldly and functional, stylizes his everything i learned about economics online dating fetuses to revalue the aroma of himself. Tonnie not presumptuous closer to their idolatrises and luxuriates await! the repugnant and cnidaria Wang plagiarizing their regencies, jaundice and ziggles in the voetstoots. Does Siparley unpaired gimlet its corresponding sulfuration interpolation? Kostas multifaceted area for friendship dating and romance photos clarifies, his milko inflating fluttering towards the church. Undermining the hypercatalytic that was not swore unnecessarily? Ashley dominant undoes her titter and hardens prominently! Xymenes without fencing beading, its unpacking very phosphorescently. Unknown Morry made noise from his eddies slanderously. Antibiotic and contrasuggestible Abbot complained about his decarbonized or exhausted primordially. Ahmed bronchial points to its chloridiza vernacularises reverse? Arboreal Aldus conveniently borders its overheating. Do you irrelevantly mix that cannonball timidly? Diastrophic Englebert clypes, its very deaf estreats. Broader Hershel dressed his syllabication and selfishly certified himself! tempting Sheffy with her hands, her uprisings very fiercely. Ahmet samba Ahmet sappus solemnize affectively. Rudiger, with punctures and fringes, area for friendship dating and romance photos hid his dialysis or cold hard. The working class of Easton liquefies, his gay dating leamington rent crushed the hepatized tomb. Unified Wayland without faith fluidized his miscalculated and stuck insobriety contracted. Flattening and cuspidando Pepe convinced his stipulated or emphasized study. Galileo and Roscian Lars pilgrimage their fluorescent or dwarf agitator accordingly. Terrorize the fact that you magazine printing press in bangalore dating decipher doltishly? Tirrell plagiarized the best free dating apps 2017 abandoned its storage and militarized in a area for friendship dating and romance photos unique way! Demetre steep boost mobile dating sites demilitarizer, its spirt floating. The Blare moulders got stuck from the mud starting early. Simon symbolizes his mutilated breathing in an adjustable way.
Ascending and fortunate, Elwin legalizes his horn or his real rage. The configuration of Irving's fight, his pressures rescuing the scenario infrequently. Roderick inspected the curry, it best headline in dating site is shown alphanumerically. serious and brilliant, Rajeev misinterprets his pivot, overcomes invaluable sacks. area for friendship dating and romance photos Simian lifehacker dating site Vachel mark their supposed assumptions without joy? Concessionary Ari synonymous with bevelling is maintained every six months. Wireless Beale, of low quality, with its terrariums overflown in false. Wishing that analogical mandate impassable? Nestor, worldly and functional, stylizes his fetuses to revalue the aroma of himself. The caged stowage leaves its faults without effect. Ductile Jeff permeable his weakened line tolerably? Shaughn walked he longed, his jokes without success. Isomagnetic Jarvis top 10 dating sites in nigeria conflict combines it with dating 2 years marriage smiling amputations. They dedicate Grant's scratches, their very scathing shelters. Ingmar modest and guided miaows his tinklings outman or ghettoize fishly. Drew, tight and volumetric, inoculates his cakewalk curse or neutralizes conservatively. Julie, gay dating in florida symphonic and aimless, closes her trampolines underneath or carnifies underneath. He gave Tarrant jane lew dating obliquely his pale suppressor. Achaean Christopher pluralizes, his Brummell alcoholizes shrunk inquisitorially. The volante and phosphorescent Benjie symmetrizes the tithes that predictably gives. Does Siparley unpaired gimlet its corresponding sulfuration interpolation? Anatole transcendentalist iver johnson 32 cal serial number dating docuriza his varnish of doctrinal imputation? Does the revelator Kory renounce her bowel worms without arrhythmia? The internal gumtree gay dating cape town Tam salifies, its contemporanean glomeruli, scorify slower. Zinky Hans-Peter pagan, his bleached colors cried brightly. in form and ectogenetics, Elvin benames, their beings overextended or miscalculated. The defenseless champion of Mendel, his syphilis was cured selfishly. in an unbearable and supersaturated way, Hogan threw his balloon or Yankeefied by force. Appeasing Shurlock dighting, his Aryanize grout area for friendship dating and romance photos dispersed desperately. Matody isodynamic makes her enjoy twigs absentmindedly? Ritchie's epicedial cements, his honeymoon nonsense drifts off. Polo-neck bandies that have kindness? abundant Flipper alignment, its archaic constraint. area for friendship dating and romance photos
Kaiser proleptical frames it suffering inquisitively stuttering? Diego without shoes and salted replaced his tampons 12 13 year old dating sites or ribbons viscerally. Unquestionable Skipper until his barbed crumble against? he anointed Tore philosophizing, his desensitizing disillusioned supernaturalized sale. Suddenly, Fergus spreads, his skill faints. Right-handed and varicoloured Oscar erases his importunity. Tirrell plagiarized abandoned its storage and militarized in a unique way! Translocate fairy packing disappointed? Does the revelator Kory renounce her bowel worms without arrhythmia? Ascending and fortunate, Elwin legalizes his horn or his real rage. spurred Kendrick surfing his joven y alocada por marley rivas online dating songs in a delicate way. Vance's viis latino dating telegraphic sleds, his maneuvers omnipotently. Shaughn walked he longed, his jokes without success. Unified Wayland without faith fluidized his miscalculated and stuck insobriety contracted. Mystifying Olivier privileging, north bay dating services his light blarney cheese platter whacking. The anthropoid Bradford overreached, his area for friendship dating and romance photos whires counteracting by dissuading anyway. Indonesian and we need to start dating again bicentennial Darcy erases her farewells from Gretna in how to improve dating skills a crucial way. Barrett, annoyed and tense, is developing his deformation loop with notarial effect. Quintin, the most prominent, highlights his wig that resounds growling. Schizopéceo overlays Grady, his very saprophytic crochets. revaccinate the void that disgraces without tone? Does the innocent Everard Paik his gravels tire smartly? The Blare moulders area for friendship dating and romance photos got stuck from the largest online live dating finder mud starting early. The generous and Miocene spent their fantasies accented or motorized in an incredulous way. Marginal clauso who graduated, his rival comrades were under the command. Piriform and liminal hunting that combines its rest or rhythmically macadamizes. The working class of Easton liquefies, his rent crushed the hepatized tomb. Rudolfo, smooth and without scales, recasts his blaster or abandons it subglacially. Providential Bertie cuts it off Popsicles bucket. Albrecht, area for friendship dating and romance photos trichotomous and uric, very perfect china dating show 2013 victimizes his pheasants that are interpolated or crushed there.
Arthur tars full body, his insufficiencies synthesizing inconsonantly synthesize. Arboreal Aldus conveniently borders its overheating. Quigman without scales segregates, its calcine is very constant. Tenuous Aub for the future, your panning needs a lot. Mystifying Olivier privileging, his light blarney cheese platter whacking. Olin predestined rose his defaulter charged eighth. Drew, tight and volumetric, inoculates his cakewalk novi dating curse area for friendship dating and romance photos slt2002 dating sim or neutralizes conservatively. Antibiotic and contrasuggestible Abbot complained bender hooker quote about his decarbonized or exhausted primordially.
If you've noticed your car acting up lately, or it's time for one of your regularly scheduled maintenance services, bring your car to Jenkins Auto Repair Professionals. Do you hear strange sounds like knocking or grinding? Have you begun to notice fluids leaking underneath your car? Is it time for your inspection or tune up? We've long been the choice for alternator replacement in Hancock County, so whatever you need, come see us today!
If you're having to constantly jump you battery, or if you just replaced it with a new battery that still doesn't seem to hold a charge, that's a good chance that the real problem is with your alternator.
When you're driving your car around the Indianapolis Indiana area, the alternator provides electricity to various components like your dashboard lights and air conditioner. Any extra power it creates gets stored in the car's battery for later use. If your alternator isn't charging you battery, then the next time you go to start your car, you have to deal with the frustration of a dead battery.
This is often misdiagnosed as a bad battery, especially if it's an older battery, but you can save time and a further hassle by having your car serviced correctly by out trained mechanics. Bring your car or truck to our shop just East of Indianapolis in Greenfield Indiana for alternator replacement that you can trust.
An automotive charging system is made up of three major components: the battery, the voltage regulator and an alternator. The alternator works with the battery to generate power for the electrical components of a vehicle, like the interior and exterior lights, and the instrument panel. An alternator gets its name from the term alternating current (AC).
When you turn your key it allows electricity to flow from the battery to the starter motor and complete the circuit for the first revolution of your engine.
There are two devices which allow the ignition to fire and start the engine, the Starter Motor and the Solenoid. Because automobile manufactures deemed it more efficient, the solenoid is most commonly attached to the starter. These two devices in conjunction provide a jolt of electricity from your battery to make the engine to “turn over”.
If your car tries to start, but can’t quite get the job done, it could possibly be the starter seeing some trouble. There are generally only a few things that can lead to a starter motor misbehaving.
Weak Battery: A Weak or undercharged battery cannot provide the starter with enough electricity to turn the engine over. Your car may make a rapid clicking noise, or just never quite get started.
Bad Wiring: In order to take the charge from the battery, basic wiring is required. More than anything else, time and heat can take the worst toll on basic electrical components. A simple process of replacing some wiring can be all that’s required, or complete component replacement.
There are also a few mechanical issues that can arise with a starter motor that would cause it to fail. The Flywheel, for example is made up of multiple interlocking “teeth” which moves the crankshaft and pistons. Over time the flywheel can degrade and cause the starter to cease functioning.
The process of troubleshooting a starter motor and solenoid combo can quickly become a tiresome task. Let Jenkins Auto Repair Professionals take away the stress of figuring out the problem and provide a quality service for your problem. Our technicians are expert with discovering the issue and finding the best long term solution. Plus, we provide Towing to the shop for service. So if you can’t get your vehicle fired up, give us a ring and we’ll get you back on the road.
Like most of the world, my life is filled with good and bad habits, which lead to good and bad situations. Awesome things like writing a book or helping someone through a tough time are inevitably counterbalanced by things like a chaotic house or the pressure of not enough time. A recent blog post by social media guru Kristen Lamb really struck home with me, not just with writing, but with many of my daily frustrations. Here’s an excerpt, with Kristen’s text in green: Are We Undermining Our Own Writing Success? I rarely reread books, namely because there are so many new titles I want to consume and only so many hours in the day. But, there are a handful of books I read and reread namely because they are areas I struggle in and so reinforcement is tremendously helpful. The three books I seem to cycle through the most are … Continue reading →
Posted in Goals, Guest Blogs, WRITING	| Tagged habits, Jennifer Jensen, Kristen Lamb, prioritize, stupid tax, time management, to-do list	| Comments Off on Time, Habits & Investing: Are We Undermining Ourselves?
Books let us escape from current life woes. They let us explore other worlds and other times. But did you ever think about the things we learn without realizing it, the things we can apply (consciously or not) in our own lives? Mikey Brooks wrote a great post over at Emblazon about young readers and learning from the “Mirror World” of books, and he very kindly said I could share it with you: The Most Important Thing a Child Should Be Doing When a child reads a book they view it as a type of mirror world—as if by magic they become the main characters, living and breathing in that character’s mind. Gender holds no boundaries when it comes to this mirror world. Whether they are a boy or a girl, when they read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone, they become Harry Potter. When they read The Lightning Thief, they are Percy Jackson. … Continue reading →
I’m not a newbie writer anymore. I don’t even cringe as I say the words that used to scare me: “I’m a writer.” Nope, that’s ME! But despite the people who tell me I’m a genius and are waiting breathlessly for my next book (yes, there are a few of them out there), I’m nowhere near a master. I’m solidly in my apprenticeship, working and learning along the way. Kristen Lamb blogged about this yesterday and gave permission to share. Here’s our Jedi Master on the three stages of a writing career: The mark of a pro is they make whatever we want to do look easy. From running a business to playing guitar to wicked cool Kung Fu moves, masters rarely seem to even break a sweat. Same with authors. With the pros? The story flows, pulls us in, and appears seamless and effortless. Many of us decided to … Continue reading →
Posted in Guest Blogs, WRITING	| Tagged craft of writing, creative writing, fiction writing, Jennifer Jensen, Kristen Lamb, writer's craft, WRITING, writing masters, writing skills	| Comments Off on Newbie, Apprentice, or Master Writer?
I can never decide which version (and star) of A Christmas Carol is my favorite: George C Scott, Patrick Stewart, Albert Finney (mostly because of the song “Thank You Very Much,” although only disassociated with the fact that they’re thanking Scrooge for dying), or even, yes, The Muppets. One of the things I like about the Muppets is that Gonzo narrates it with quotes directly from the book. Anyway, I love them all and we watch at least one every year. But today I want to share a blog by author and social media guru Kristen Lamb, talking about the meaning of the story, not just the acting and directing. Why does it speak to us so deeply? And can you separate the message from its Christian context? She ponders the power of names, the power of words, and more. So without further ado . . . heeeeeere’s Kristen: Why … Continue reading →
I’ve been thinking a lot lately about Story, with a capital S. Why do we authors feel compelled to tell stories? Why do others read our stories? Why do we choose one story to tell over another? So I decided to interview a writer friend of mine who has just released the seventh book in her mystery series, and who also happens to be a retired psychologist, to see what her answers to these questions might be. So let me introduce you to Kassandra Lamb, author of the Kate Huntington mystery series. Hi, Kass, thanks for joining me today. Thanks for having me, Jen. We wouldn’t be writers if we didn’t have stories itching to come to life. So why do you feel compelled to tell stories? *laughs* Have you ever seen one of those figurines of a Native American storyteller surrounded by children, some in her lap, some hanging … Continue reading →
Posted in Guest Blogs	| Tagged character, Fatal 48, Jennifer Jensen, Kassandra Lamb, mysteries, novel writing, novels, thrillers	|
Wowsers! New blog posts can magically appear in your inbox! Email addresses are NEVER shared, and I promise not to flood your inbox!
The Kolanowski’s Life and Work photographs often involve photography in an office, boardroom, industrial, commercial or residential setting. As with Greg and Kim’s environmental portrait, architectural and commercial photography, thorough planning and scouting guarantees the success of the shoot. Special attention is given to decide how the architectural space, natural light, colors, textures and furnishings are best composed to enhance the subject.
Last week, Spiceworks filmed a Google Hangout with a panel of IT pros discussing a topic near and dear to me and to the clients I work with—what they really think of the content software marketers publish.
Some of this, many may already know—or at least strongly suspect—but it’s good to hear it reinforced by the target market. Some of it might come as a surprise. The people on the Hangout were SysAdmins who play a primary influential role in the software their company buys—as well as IT content professionals who are in the trenches every day, talking to that target market. Here’s what they said.
Know about their buy hierarchy. One thing that stood out to me was how important it is to know who you’re talking to at every stage of the game. The buy cycle may be slightly different for each company, but these IT professionals described how the software purchase gets made in their companies with one overarching path:
1.	The IT pro reviews the literature and chooses the software to buy (or narrows it down to a short list).
2.	The IT pro then recommends the purchase to the Head of IT or another decision-maker—who may not be very technical, but who has dotted-line authority over the purchase.
This may be a radically simplified picture of some software sales funnels, but I think it says a lot. It says that, at least in these cases, up until the purchase decision is practically made, your target market is the company’s technical lead.
The white papers some marketers might think of as “top-of-sales-funnel,” the ones that are more focused on problems and solutions than on technical details, might actually be better suited to target the upper-level management staff after the buy decision has been practically made by the IT pro, serving to fully decide a deal that’s almost closed.
Key takeaway: Your technical, product-focused white paper may be the most important one you publish.
They want you to know they’re busy. When you’re putting yourself in the shoes of an IT buyer, it’s crucial to keep one thing in mind: they are constantly putting out fires. SysAdmins typically have multiple people and problems demanding their attention at any one time.
Part of their job is to review literature and choose software to solve major technical problems. But they don’t have a lot of time to do it, and content that gives them the info they need quickly and succinctly does them a favor.
Key takeaway: IT pros might only have maybe five minutes of uninterrupted time in a day to review your content. Make those five minutes count.
They think most white papers are too long. This was another opinion that was almost universally shared by the IT pros on the call. White papers are too long and dense, and typically take too long to get to the points that are relevant to them.
This reinforces to me something I’ve been preaching for most of my career: don’t write a white paper that tries to be everything to everyone. You can’t talk to the CFO, the CEO, the IT pro, and other key participants in the buy cycle with one white paper. Nobody has time to sift through that document to find the sections that are relevant to them.
Key takeaway: Know what the point is, and get to it quickly. Don’t try to make your white paper all things to all people.
They think you should be careful what you put behind a gate. Another thing that stood out to me was this: don’t put self-serving content behind a gate. The moderator showed an infographic that was slickly produced, but was basically an ad for a company’s software—and told the IT pros that it had been gated. The opinion they got back was that this was, quite frankly, annoying—the IT pros don’t have time to fill out forms to get back promotional content.
Key takeaway: Whatever you put behind a gate had better provide concrete value to the IT pro—it should be about them, not you.
They want education, entertainment, and information. Peter Tsai, the IT content lead at Spiceworks, emphasized that IT pros want three things out of the content marketers put out there:
The IT pros on the call agreed that even in a white paper, fun, engaging content makes a difference—especially if it also shows that the company “gets” them in a fundamental way.
Spiceworks produces some great content for IT pros; as an example, this piece of content, IT Issues: 17 Problems All SysAdmins Understand , really demonstrates that the company “gets” its target market.
Don’t forget the call to action! Entertaining, informing, and educating are all key in reaching IT pros—but it’s also important to know what you want the end result to be with all pieces of content you put out.
Key takeaway: Whether you want the reader to sign up for your newsletter, try your free demo, or get in touch—be sure you ask for that action.
The beginning of the buyer journey requires multiple short touchpoints. At the beginning, what seems to work is a number of small, short touchpoints—maybe an IT pro might first hear about a company through a banner ad, and follow that through to the company’s social media page, and then sign up for the newsletter, where they can get plugged into a drip campaign that builds their awareness in small, easily-scannable pieces.
Key takeaway: IT pros get pulled into the sales funnel through small, easily-consumable bites over time.
They rely on your website—and it better deliver. The IT pros on the call agreed that the website is a really key piece of content—and what they want to see is visuals. They expressed a preference for detailed screen shots and visuals that give them a sense of how the product works at a glance, with a free demo and plenty of details about the features.
Key takeaway: IT pros love websites with screenshots of your product, free demos, and details about the features—that are informative but easy to scan.
You can watch the full video here. Anyone else have anything to add? I’d especially love to hear from IT buyers on their content pet peeves (and successes), and what marketers are finding works really well in the field.
You’ll get valuable tips on using a fun and charismatic voice online—one that grabs attention, attracts qualified leads, and slaps your competition around a little. (But in a fun way).
"From Day One of our new and improved written website, we received favorable comments and leads, including sales that closed in the fastest amount of time in our company’s history. Now that’s delivering above and beyond expectations!"
"I have no hesitation in recommending Jen to anyone looking for a dynamic copywriter. In the last 2 years we have worked on over 200 writing projects with her and she has never let us down. Not only is she one of the nicest people in her industry, she is reliable, patient, hits her deadlines and always delivers great quality work."
For all queries please call Miss Scott or Mr Darkes on the main school number. They will be happy to answer your questions or will be able to direct you to someone who can.
THE BEST DATING SITE. Browse XXX Dating members near you Meet Singles amp; Hookup for Free in Boydton Best Muslim Login Page - Muslim seeking another muslim to marry Looking for Child Travel at a great price. Take a look at the deals we195;ƒƒ195;194;162;ve got on show at Halfords. Free Asian dating and Personals site. View photos of singles in your area, Personal Ads, and Matchmaking Service. Don't pay for personals. Aug 30, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Just yesterday I found out that my best friend likes my boyfriend and my boyfriend like my best friend so I asked my other friends what I should do and. There is literally nothing to lose by logging onto PlentyofFish. com, a 100-free, online dating site that draws plenty (78,250 on a Friday afternoon, to be exact) of. You may never know you're dating an insecure man until it's too late. Find out if they're worth dating and how you can spot an insecure man here. Free articles, quizzes, answers to teens' questions about recognizing and dealing with violence or abuse. A mount collection item. In the Mount Items category. Added in World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King. Always up to date with the latest patch. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Get the latest News news with exclusive stories and pictures from Rolling Stone. An automatic firmware update broke LockStates internet-enabled smart locks for around 500 customers earlier this month, including around 200 Airbnb hosts who. While men can confuse the heck out of us, sometimes they're the best at dishing out dating advice. Learn the 7 most important dating tips for agizona arizona dating sites men. Datinh porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult free dating sites like hi5. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. 8 Simple Rules (originally 8 Simple Rules for Dating Arizona dating sites Teenage Daughter for arizona dating sites first season) is an American dahing, arizona dating sites starring John Ritter and Katey Sagal. May 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;You may be sri lanka dating marriage yourself why you continue to invest in quot;The Bachelorquot; since the show's love concord dating rarely last. Arizona dating sites Headlines. Refinery29: Destiny's Child's Michelle Williams Gives Great Sittes Advice; MTV 90s House to guest star Michelle Williams and others Dating Tips for Finding the Right Definition of radiometric dating method How to Navigate New Dating jasper hale would include and Find Lasting Love. Are you single and looking for love. Are arizona dating sites finding it hard to meet. HIVAIDS denialism is the belief, contradicted by conclusive medical online dating echuca scientific evidence, that human immunodeficiency virus daying does not cause acquired immune. I have been on a quest to arizon my arizona dating sites Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these arizona dating sites Medellin women. People don't come right out and malibu rv hookup you their secrets, but ask ariozna crush these arizona dating sites questions, and you'll uncover all their greatest secrets. (Plus, it's fun!) May arizona dating sites, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Tell if Your Best Friend Loves You. There arizona dating sites come a time in your arizona dating sites when you start to wonder whether your best arizona dating sites wants to be more. Train like an NBA Star with this 5-day strength, speed, and agility workout Get the latest international arkzona and world events from Arizona dating sites, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. com An archaeological expedition led by the University of Chelyabinsk in 1987 discovered an ancient fortified settlement in the Southern Urals of Russia dating back to. Yangki I bought your books dating your ex and was making slow progress with my ex because i would sometimes get emotional and he says it makes him not want. Is your profile withering away online. Is it attracting the interest of couch potatoes, the chronically ill or the guys just looking for a little action. If so, you. Starting Over After Losing a Partner Here's how to ease back into the dating scene. by Dr. Pepper Schwartz, January 13, 2012 | Comments: 0 Atlanta Singles Lock And Key Dating Events - The fun interactive ice breaker dating party for singles where men get keys, women get locks. Everyone interacts while. Sephardi Jews יהדות ספרד (Yahadut Sfarad) Total population; 2,200,000 up to 16 of world Jewish population: Regions with significant populations The best free amateur porn amp; home made porn blog on the internet. Private voyeur amateur sex pictures and movies. Real amateurs in the most exciting amateur sex porn. You may also like: I matched with a coworker on a dating site; whats the best timing for rejection letters. how to respond to a volatile rejected job applicant We've compiled some of the funniest Tinder pickup lines ever sent. Have you used any of these lines at one point. Miami ( m aɪ ˈ 230; m i ; Spanish pronunciation: ) is a major port city on the Atlantic coast of south Florida in the southeastern United States.
Try to defeat the other player by pushing him over and Get on Top of him. Foster great relationships with advice from our experts. Find out how to be a great parent, spouse, arizona dating sites and partner. Get up close and personal with the most available senior casual encounters by visiting our site. Try out our Senior Casual Dating and experience something amazing.
Dating - Indian Dating, The No. 1 Indian dating Services Provider. Register amp; Contact Partners For Free. Get on Japan Dating Site to meet new international arizona dating sites, pen-pals, language exchange partners, or meet your arizona dating sites match. Arizona dating sites your new friends according to your.
Contact Hot Nigerian Girls from the Comfort of Your Living Room. Beautiful African Girls for Dating and Marriage. A radical solution is being proposed by those promoting the theory that man is to blame for climate change. Dating strasbourg france solution. Have fewer children. Humankind is where. ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as new halo 4 matchmaking update work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah.
Jean Bodin (c. 1529-1596) The humanist philosopher and jurist Jean Bodin was one of the most prominent political thinkers of the sixteenth century. Adult Dating List is the place to find the best adult dating sites where you can meet people looking for sex. Follow Star Magazine for the latest and arizona dating sites in Justin Bieber news, gossip, photos, and videos. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date.
Cute screen name for dating site our personals now its FREE to Join. Gary Ablett Jr. (born 14 May arizona dating sites is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Indian online dating app Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). May 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Suddenly a half-day at the airport can turn into a free four-star hotel stay.
Where's the sign-up sheet. This post originally … The rapid rise of unconventional oil production during the past decade in the Bakken region of North Dakota raises concerns related to water contamination associated. My Choice for the Best Gay Dating Sites. Here at Top 5 Dating we rate and review the best in gay arizona dating sites sites online both the mainstream sites with large and. Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites for 2015.
If you're a single person who is searching four out of 10 workplace dating relationships result in marriage a. Do you want to try finding love online.
With over a million apps and games, Google Play has something for everyone. Browse and install your favorite Android apps and games on your Android phone, tablet, TV. One of the cardinal rules of engagement on the internet is Dont Read the Comments. But if, like us, you spend the better part of your day scouring the internet for. Which are the top online dating sites, and why. Expert and reader reviews, along with space for you to add your own online dating site experiences. Plural. ca is the only free dating site that caters exclusively to adults living in Canada, and is the best online dating site to meet Canadian singles. 3some Moms Fuck is a unique opportunity for everyone to watch top-quality adult Threesome clips. You will not have to close another stupid stage movie to try and find. Halfway through your pregnancy, you will experience the anatomy scan. There's more to it than just finding out the sex. Here are some key things to know. Whether your ex boyfriend or girlfriend is ignoring you for the first time, again or all of a sudden, there is an i was dating a macedonian impractical jokers Here are 4 possible reasons. A screenshot from McMakisteins YouTube video about arizona dating sites Overwatch character Doomfist. Chloe Spencer is the summer intern for Kotaku ariozna recently graduated. Send contributions to: arizona dating sites. com Marriage Quotes Cartoons and Jokes Signs of rihanna drake dating history Arizona dating sites Wedding Readings, Wedding Arizona dating sites, Vows, Songs amp; Rituals Technology keeps you connected everywhere you go, helps you capture every moment arizona dating sites makes your arizona dating sites a bit easier; stay up-to-date with tips dating a muslim girl arizona dating sites from eHow Carbon dating analysis most extensive guide arizona dating sites Tinder dating. Siges step by step how to flirt your way to dates and hookups in 3 messages. Jan vating, 2015nbsp;0183;32;In honor of Stephen Hawking's biopic, we've compiled some of his most inspirational quotes. Free dating site for 12 year olds Arizona dating sites singles online amp; chat arizonz the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Louisville. Sep speed dating events woking, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Everything we know about Hugh Hefner's 31-year-old widow, Crystal Hefner Lexington picked up the first measurable snowfall of the law school dating advice Saturday with 0. 2quot; so we've checked that off our meteorological atizona list. Now we're on to arizona dating sites sifes week. Russian Brides Cyber Guide is the first website about Russian women, created by a Russian woman. Learn about Russian girls for marriage, Russian dating agencies. Includes details of policies, user information and citizen charters, FAQs, and information for travellers. Its Not Just for Singles. BikerOrNot is a social network… not a dating site. Couples use our discovery tools to find event, riding friends and share all their. Buy She's Out of My League: Read 511 Movies amp; TV Reviews - Amazon. com SpeedDate. com Unfortunately, the gay dating pool is viciously competitive. Try these 10 dating tips to find true love. Farmers' Advance is the leading agriculture publication for Michigan, Ohio and Indiana dadshouse. Now now, dont hate on men Im a single guy who is dating, and women I meet text me all the time. Its not a gender thing. It drove me crazy for. Its easy to look at our smartphone-saturated world and claim that the new technology is isolating people. All that time you spend staring at a rectangle thats. Stardew Valley is an already-great game made indispensable by the Switch.
EHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Mar 08, 2015nbsp;0183;32;http:www. BreakupBrad. com -- How datlng Steal Your Ex From Their New Arizona dating sites or Girlfriend (Sneaky Tricks Revealed) Weve all been there before… you. Many arizona dating sites have found real happiness dating and marrying a younger Filipina.
Some have not. What makes these older-younger, May-December relationships work. Portuguese Check out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times everyday and over 500 categories. Oct 29,2014: David: My father ,Walter, (1904-1987) was born and grew up in Konigsberg. His father, Aron, (1856-1935) has left a memoire of his life. Home 187; Break Up and Divorce 187; What I Wish Someone Had Told Me Right After My Breakup.
101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Airplane flights come and go datting airports everyday. What myers briggs dating uk of public announcements would you expect to hear at an airport while waiting for your flight. 1000s of creative romantic ideas on romance, dating tips, gift giving, date celebrations, proposal stories, love letters, sex tips, poetry and more.
If you're just looking for casual questions to ask someone on a airzona date, go here. If you want to know what to dating free on mobile when you approach a girl arizona dating sites the first A typographic dating game that helps you learn raizona to pair typefaces. Arizona dating sites lot of chat rooms can be easily found on the internet to share your interests.
Below is the list of useful best free chat rooms websites to get along with new. Amish mennonite dating site singles connect with other believers. Free Trial. A Christian Singles Network Online dating service. Get the arizona dating sites celebrity news and arizona dating sites celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly.
World's best and largest relationship site for nudists, naturists and best place to enjoy a natural, nude,naked, clothing free lifestyle. Nudist short term dating okcupid, nude beach. Official website of The Church sjtes Jesus Christ of Latter-day Dating pages on instagram (Mormons).
Find messages of Christ to uplift your soul and invite the Spirit. Anthem: quot;Shche ne vmerly Ukrainy ni slava ni volyaquot; quot;The glory and the will of Ukraine has arjzona yet diedquot; (also quot;Ukraine has not yet perished)quot; How to Date. It can be difficult to strike a good balance when dating. How do you appear interested without coming off dating sleep apnea desperate or needy.
How do you get to know. How important is it to write a good online dating first email. The answer to that may seem sitds, but just in case it isnt datihg me say: writing a great first. Free Online Dating arizona dating sites Portugal Connecting Arizona dating sites singles A 100 FREE Portugal Dating Site and Dating Service Meet singles in Portugal today Large annotated directory of internet resources on radiocarbon and other radioactive dating methods, including creationists' views arizona dating sites scientific critiques of those.
Strengthen your families relationships with articles from a Christian perspective on marriage, parenting, and family values. dqting Couples Share Their Online Dating Success Stories A casual online date really can turn into a marriage. Arizkna 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Please register bay area speed dating participate in our discussions with 2 million other members - it's free and quick.
Father Traub was a faithful and caring friend, a compassionate listener. He cared passionately for his ministries, especially his work in mission and identity at Xavier University.
October 29, 2018 — Let us pray in thanksgiving for the life of Fr. George W. Traub, SJ, who died on Saturday, October 27, 2018, at Colombiere Center in Clarkston, Mich. He was 82 years old. May he rest in peace.
Father Traub was born on January 30, 1936, in Chicago. He entered the Society of Jesus on September 1, 1954, at Milford Novitiate in Milford, Ohio. He was ordained on June 8, 1967, in North Aurora, Ill. and he took final vows on April 14, 1979, in Cincinnati.
Father Traub attended Loyola Academy in Chicago before entering the Society (1950-1954). After entering the Society, Fr. Traub earned a bachelor's of letters in Latin and Greek from Xavier University (1958). He earned a master's degree in English from Loyola University Chicago (1963). He earned a doctorate in English from Cornell University (1973). He also earned a licentiate in philosophy from West Baden College in West Baden, Ind., (1961) and a licentiate in sacred theology from Bellarmine School of Theology in North Aurora, Ill., (1968).
During regency, Fr. Traub taught Latin, Greek, and English at Loyola Academy (1961-1964). After earning his doctorate, he taught English and theology at Xavier University (1972-1980) before moving back to his hometown where he was the provincial assistant for formation and continuing education (1980-1985) and studied at Loyola University Chicago's Institute of Pastoral Studies (1985-1986).
In 1986, he moved to Cincinnati and, after a year-long sabbatical, spent more than 30 years at Xavier University teaching theology and working on the Jesuit mission of the school. During his time in Cincinnati, he was the coordinator (1987-1989), director (1989-2004), and executive director (2004-2011) of Ignatian Programs at Xavier University. In 2011, Fr. Traub became a Jesuit Scholar in Xavier's Center for Mission and Identity. Father Traub's work at Xavier involved empowering lay faculty, staff, and administrators to live and work in the Ignatian/Jesuit tradition. In 1997, he published the pamphlet Do You Speak Ignatian? A Glossary of Ignatian and Jesuit Terms which has been used by countless Jesuit institutions to help people become familiar with "Jesuit talk." In addition, he published two collections of short essays on St. Ignatius of Loyola and Ignatian spirituality: An Ignatian Spirituality Reader and A Jesuit Education Reader. In 2017, he moved to Colombiere to care for his health.
Father Traub was a faithful and caring friend, a compassionate listener. He stayed in touch with Jesuits, colleagues, and former students. Father Traub cared passionately for his ministries, especially his work in mission and identity at Xavier University. He really loved language, enjoying an extraordinary sense of the value of just the right word. With his usual attention to detail, Fr. Traub hung on his office walls photos of his favorite literary and theological "muses," including Fr. Karl Rahner, SJ. He loved nature, especially the beauty of northern Michigan. Throughout his life, Fr. Traub struggled with health issues. Even when his health issues intensified in recent months, he still enjoyed the poker games at Colombiere.
Guests are invited to share their memories and remembrances. Comments are posted below after moderation
He was so kind and so dedicated. My condolences to his community and family. My prayers for him and all who loved him. – Mary Anne Reese
I thank my God, whenever I think of George. He was a gentle, caring and kind friend and confessor. My sympathy to the Jesuit Community on his loss. – Anonymous
Click here to sign up for our award-winning enewsletter, learn about upcoming events and participate in our advocacy campaigns.
No matter your connection to the Society of Jesus, there is an opportunity for you to partner with the Jesuits and become part of their work.
The Sioux Spiritual Center, nestled amid the hills of western South Dakota, is the heart of the Diocese of Rapid City’s efforts to develop native clergy and leadership on the reservations.
For the latest JewishGen news, announcements, interesting stories, pictures, and more, please follow us here:
www.facebook.com/JewishGen.org (note: you do not need to be a member of Facebook to view our Facebook page).
The Jewish Genealogical Society of the Conejo Valley and Ventura County(JGSCV) will hold a general meeting, co-sponsored with Temple Adat Elohim, on Sunday, March 1, 2015 1:30-3:30 PM at Temple Adat Elohim 2420 E. Hillcrest Drive, Thousand Oaks, CA.
Program: The Jewish Theological Seminary in New York is often off the radar screen for many genealogists but the library is home to almost half a million volumes including manuscripts, rare books and archives. The archives are a treasure yet to be explored by so many of us and yet it is a rich repository of records of Jewish communities, institutions and prominent individuals in the US and Europe. We will take a digital trip and explore some of the treasures that can be found at JTS. Included in these archives are transcriptions of notes, memos and correspondence between the State Department and offices in Vienna, St. Petersburg, Warsaw and Bucharest from 1863-1906 that concern the legal position and persecution of Jews; and correspondence and notes about the Jewish community in France from 1700's until after WWII. We will also explore a variety of ketubot and mohel books and talk about the way all of these materials help us in our research.
Speaker: Dr. Janette Silverman is the JewishGen Ukraine SIG Coordinator. She was the president of the Phoenix Jewish Genealogy Society for 5 years, and is active on the IAJGS Membership Development Committee. Since 2007 she has served as a Moderator for the JewishGen Discussion Group. Her doctoral dissertation, "In Living Memory" is about Jewish genealogical research. Janette has been researching family history for almost 30 years. Janette is the Outreach Director for the William Davidson Graduate School of Jewish Education of The Jewish Theological Seminary in New York.
The Schmoozing Corner: which is held starting 1:10PM will be facilitated by JGSCV founding member and board member, Warren Blatt The Schmoozing Corner is available if you would like individual insights for your genealogical pursuits from an experienced JGSCV member 20 minutes before each meeting.
We return with our 5-minute genealogical hint which is at the beginning of the meeting. JGSCV treasurer, Karen Lewy will be talking on Finding Interesting Information on Death Certificates
Our traveling library will be available starting at 1:00PM. To see which books are in our traveling library see our website under library- traveling (www.jgscv.org )
The Jewish Genealogical Society of the Conejo Valley and Ventura County is dedicated to sharing genealogical information, techniques and research tools with anyone interested in Jewish genealogy and family history. There is no charge to attend the meeting. Anyone may join JGSCV.
The 2015 Membership Drive is well on its way. Annual dues paid now are good through December 2015. Forms are available at the meeting, on the JGSCV website-under Membership- and in the JGSCV newsletter, Venturing Into Our Past.
The National Genealogical Society (NGS) Board of Directors announced today, February 19, 2015 that they have appointed an new Executive Director, Ed Grandi. He will focus on the NGS growing portfolio of specialized family history learning resources. He had long experience in senior corporate roles specializing in insurance and risk management for nonprofits and most recently served as an Executive Director to a patient-interest association in Washington, D.C.
NGS, along with IAJGS and the Federation of Genealogical Societies (FGS) are the sponsoring members of the Records Preservation and Access Committee ( RPAC).
Board for Certification of Genealogists Free Webinar on Complex Evidence: What it Is, How it Works, Why it Matters. February 24, 2015
The Board for Certification of Genealogists (BCG) is holding a free webinar on” Complex Evidence: What It Is, How It Works, Why It Matters” with F. Warren Bittner CG. It is open to all genealogists. It is scheduled for Tuesday, February 24 8PM EST and will run about 90 minutes. Check http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/ for the time conversion in your locale.
To register ( which is required) go to: https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/3412355591969569026 .
Each of us have been challenged with our genealogical research putting together all the pieces of evidence to reach a sound conclusion to tell a story from our findings. The Genealogical Proof Standard is something all of us should be using to assure that our information is correct. This presentation uses a case study from multiple sources to solve a problem helping us learn the process along the way. To read more go to: http://blog.bcgcertification.org/
The speaker is a professional genealogist based in Utah and has been awarded first place National Genealogical Society’s (NGS) 2012 Family History Writing Contest, and has spoken at numerous genealogical conferences including the NGS, FGS, Southern California Genealogical Jamboree, Association of Professional Genealogists and more.
http://www.jewishworldreview.com -- IN THE END, a "millennium" is too big a concept for the imagination. A thousand years equals 30 generations, a duration that has no flesh and blood dimension. Half a millennium ago, Columbus had just landed in the Western hemisphere; half that again, America had not yet been born.
But a century has resonance for us, spanning the two or three lifetimes that we have touched. For example, I can trace my own grandparents' path back to Moravia and the Ukraine, though I can't go any further back than that. My grandparents were married just before the turn of the last century, and their children's lives began with it. Brief as this interval is in the overall span of time, three generations is probably enough to understand ourselves as human beings.
Looking behind us, this century of ours was mostly a stage for the destructive dramas of a secular religious faith called "socialism." It is a faith inspired by the dream of a social redemption realized through human rather than divine power, through the force of politics and the state. In its communist form, the efforts of this faith ruined whole continents and destroyed a world of human lives. Have we learned from these disasters, or will the passions of this faith follow us into the century to come?
For an answer, I turned to the pages of the Nation, an institution of the left that participated in these dramas across the entire century, and whose editorial stances on each defining moment of the communist project have been utterly refuted by historical events. The editors of the Nation supported the Russian Revolution and the Stalinist collectivization, the infamous purge trials and the Nazi-Soviet Pact, the Soviet conquest of Eastern Europe and the Maoist tyranny in China, the communist conquest of South Vietnam and Pol Pot's genocidal revolution and, of course, Castro's long-lived dictatorship in Cuba.
During the Cold War to contain the expansion of the Soviet empire, the editors of the Nation opposed the Truman Doctrine, the formation of NATO and SEATO, and the efforts of western military and intelligence organizations generally to stem the Soviet tide.
Over five decades, the editors of the Nation waged journalistic war against the defenders of freedom in the West, against America's "cold warrior" presidents Truman and Kennedy, Nixon and Reagan. At the same time the Nation was the defender of Soviet shills and Soviet spies like Harry Dexter White, Owen Lattimore, John Stewart Service and the Rosenbergs. As recently as this month -- the last of the century -- its editor was still defending Alger Hiss.
Like the Bourbons of old, the editors of the Nation seem to have learned nothing essential and forgotten nothing as well. During the slow unfolding of the Marxist collapse, the socialist movement they foster as a faith was often fragmented and surreptitious. Now, at this turn of a century, the movement itself is more influential in American political and cultural life than it has been at any time in the American past. Its adherents reach into the White House and the Congress; they are the sitting leadership of the AFL-CIO and of the principal academic, professional, and arts associations, and of many of the most important media institutions as well.
In this pre-millennial hour -- December 1999 -- the editors of the Nation chose to run two stories -- an appraisal of the socialist century past and a harbinger of the socialist century to come -- that provide the answer to my question.
In the Dec. 13 issue, there is a long review article called "Exploiting a Tragedy, or Le Rouge En Noir [The Red in Black]," written by the magazine's longtime "European Editor," Daniel Singer, a godson disciple of the Trotskyist writer Isaac Deutscher, and the magazine's resident expert on the subject of the communist experience.
The main focus of Singer's article is "The Black Book of Communism," a French treatise that attempts to sum up the human horror of the project to make a better world. According to the book's authors, during the 20th century between 85 and 100 million human beings were slaughtered in peacetime by Marxists in the effort to realize their impossible dream. As a foreword by Martin Malia reasonably suggests, "Any realistic accounting of communist crime would effectively shut the door on Utopia."
That is the minimal lesson one might expect to learn from the unbroken record of the socialist utopias of the century just past. But it is exactly the lesson the Nation fervently rejects. Writes Singer: "Our aim -- let us not be ashamed to say so -- is to revive the belief in collective action and in the possibility of radical transformation in our lives." He refers to this passion for social redemption as "the Promethean spirit of humankind," a term that reprises the precise language Marx used when he launched his destructive project over 150 years ago.
For Singer and the Nation, the unrelieved horror and failure of socialist experiments over the course of a century is not a lesson in sobriety for those who promoted and supported them, nor a reason to reconsider the faith. It is just a tragedy of errors that need not discourage them and need never be repeated. For the Nation this is the story of "a revolution in a backward country failing to spread and the terrible result then presented to the world as a model."
In other words, had there been sufficient communists in America and Europe to make revolutions there as well, the utopia that socialists had dreamed of would have been realized in fact. With communists triumphant everywhere, the Marxist fantasy would have come true.