Mtendere Village was inspired by the vision of Chief Napoleon Dzombe, which he shared with John Blanchard during his first visit to Malawi. Chief Napoleon conveyed the desperate need for a program to intervene and care for the orphans and vulnerable children (OVC) in Malawi, and John committed to help.
Established in honor of John & Lindy’s son, Christopher Blanchard, this particular program is very dear to the Blanchard family. Dana Blanchard, or Mama Dana as she is more commonly referred to at Mtendere, lived on site during the initial development, and she returns each summer to spend the season with her Malawian family. The heart of the program is to be His hands and feet by caring for the children at Mtendere, and meeting their spiritual, physical, academic, and emotional needs.
Mtendere Village is home to 134 children, living in 16 homes with a housemother and several brothers and sisters. This family environment is one that many of the children have never previously experienced. 100X has also built a library and multipurpose building on the property—giving the children a place to gather together, learn and build community.
The children attend a local primary school and receive afterschool tutoring at home in the afternoon. All of the school fees, uniforms, and supplies are paid for through our sponsorship program. Once children progress to secondary school (9th grade), they attend boarding school and return home during school breaks. Through education, these children will have the resources necessary to provide a better future for themselves and for their families—one where they are never faced with the decision of whether or not to abandon their own children.
Maternal Health. Right now, 1 in 18 women in Malawi will die during their lifetime due to complications and the lack of medical care during pregnancy and delivery. For every 100,000 births that occur in Malawi this year, more than 800 mothers will die during delivery or shortly after because of complications. The correlation between high rates of maternal mortality and the number of orphaned children in a country is strong, and Malawi estimates that there are already more than one million orphans.
100X Development is working with several key government, nonprofit, and academic partners to develop the Live to Love program. Live to Love will provide education, nutrition and HIV screening to pregnant mothers, and then strengthen the capacity of midwives and community healthcare workers to respond to the needs of mothers in areas where obstetric care is systematically lacking.
Community Health. Through local collaboration with partners such as Blessings Hospital, Lumbadzi Clinic and the Kamuzu College of Nursing, we provide health assessments and treatment to women and children in the rural villages of Malawi. For many, this is their only access to healthcare.
In some respects, it was the partnership with Blessings Hospital that catalyzed our involvement in Malawi. We are committed to expanding resources available through Blessings, and are currently working with them to provide an outpatient clinic, a free “Under 5” clinic, a weekly pediatric physical therapy session, and a free ART clinic for patients who are HIV+.
Nursing Education. In a country with only 16 obstetricians serving a population of over 16 million, it is evident that nurses play a critical role in the healthcare system. With high rates of maternal death, and the 10th highest infant mortality rate in the world, it is essential that the hospitals and clinics in Malawi be staffed with fully trained medical personnel. Unfortunately, while there are more nurses than doctors, the human resource shortage also extends to nurses, and services in rural areas are limited.
Through partnership with Kamuzu College of Nursing (Malawi) and Auburn University’s School of Nursing (US), we are working to train and equip nursing students with the resources they need to care for the well-being of every patient.
In 2012, we launched a collaborative training program that allowed students from both universities to work together and implement what they learned in the classroom in clinical settings ranging from home-based care to rural clinics. In just one week, students provided care to more than 600 women and children.
We are also working with the University of Alabama at Birmingham to facilitate the development of a curriculum for a PhD nursing program at Kamuzu College of Nursing. This will be one of the few PhD nursing programs available in in sub-Saharan Africa.
100X Development Foundation, Inc. is registered 503 (c)(3) nonprofit organization. Donations are deductable to the full extent allowable under IRS regulations.
Lily James cannot fight the music. In the title role of 2015’s handsome Cinderella rework, her beautiful singing served as a plot point, attracting a suitor to her like a sailor drawn in by a siren’s song. She’s gotten another bump in visibility as the female lead of Baby Driver, another film fundamentally oriented around music. (The swooningly romantic scene in which she and her crush Baby share a pair of earbuds at a laundromat is already a fan-favorite.) Now she’s taken her next major role, and it’s sure to put her vocal cords through their paces.
Here we go again, more casting news about Mamma Mia!: Here We Go Again. The Hollywood Reporter has the exclusive that James has joined the cast already including returning talents Amanda Seyfried, Meryl Streep, Pierce Brosnan, and Colin Firth. Though she’s the official cast newbie, hers will still be a starring role; the new film splits its time between the present-day and extended flashbacks to the early days of Donna, and James will play the younger version of Streep’s character. And with a soundtrack featuring ABBA tracks that didn’t make the cut for the first film as well as a handful of reprises, James should start doing her vocal warm-ups now.
That said, I cannot imagine a more terrifying task for a young performer than being told, “Make us believe you could grow up to be Meryl Streep.” James can handle the singing and dancing no problem, but this could present her with an unprecedented challenge as an actress. Has she seen Kramer Vs. Kramer? Who could possibly want to be compared to that!?
During their search for a stolen vehicle Wednesday morning, Missoula Police discovered a possible forgery case. Public Information Officer Travis Welsh explains.
“Officers received information that two people who had been determined to be suspects in a previous car theft were presently under the Russell St. Bridge on the south side,” said Welsh. “An officer did go down and found the two people who had been described. He was able to identify the male and female and also determined that they were the suspects in the car theft. They were taken into custody.”
The vehicle was searched after they were taken into custody and officers dug up even more dirt on the two suspects.
“At the recovery of the vehicle, the other officers observed evidence inside that seemed to connect or suggest that the two were connected to a forgery scheme,” Welsh said. “Through continued investigation and interview, probable cause was developed and currently the two are in custody being held for felony theft and felony forgery.”
Police arrested 27-year-old Erika Jarvis and 26-year-old Chris Heaton who appeared to be in the process of forging U.S. currency. Welsh says an investigation is ongoing to discover if any counterfeit currency was actually spent in Missoula.
"I'd love to help kickstart continued development! And 0 EUR/month really does make fiscal sense too... maybe I'll even get a shirt?" (there will be limited edition shirts for two and other goodies for each supporter as soon as we sold the 200)
"We view 11-11 as a top-tier, strategic partner and really appreciate their investment especially in our early days which was key to our development efforts. Fully automated sewing remains the final roadblock for sewn goods, and SoftWear Automation’s technology enables manufacturers to geographically shorten the distance between manufacturing and consumers. We are actively working one-on-one with key brands to solve their specific automation challenges for sewn goods. As we continue to grow sales significantly in the marketplace, 11-11’s investment in our company has already increased in value."
SoftWear Automation is disrupting the $100 billion sewn products industry by creating autonomous sewn good worklines for home goods, footwear & apparel. The Atlanta-based machine vision and robotics startup was launched after 5 years of research and development in collaboration with Georgia Tech, DARPA and the WalMart Foundation.
SoftWear’s fully automated Sewbots allow manufacturers to SEWLOCAL™, moving their supply chains closer to the customer while creating higher quality products at a lower cost.
SoftWear Automation is a portfolio company where the 11-11 principals know the CEO/Founder personally, and are deeply knowledgeable about his track record of success. 11-11 invested in early rounds at attractive valuations which have increased significantly since then.
Are you looking for Number the Stars (Essential Modern Classics)? Normally, this book cost you INR 399.00. At 1234-38.com you can get the PDF version of Number the Stars (Essential Modern Classics) for FREE. Just click on links below to download the PDF file. You can also use the search function above to get another books by author Lois Lowry.
What you can digest from my recipe blog? Well, you can read my recipes and churn them into great, tasty foods. It's true. Try it.
an archive of my daily cooking. seventy percent of recipes are from malaysia. hopefully, you enjoy reading my cooking journal and churn it into great, tasty foods. it's true. try it!
Have you ever try the Ginseng Steamboat? My advice : just DON'T. It's sucks my whole weekend. My husband and I suffered a bad headache after eating the ginseng steamboat. I felt that all the nerves were going to tercabut and my brain was going to pecah bersepai. Arggh.. I just can't imagine how sakit it was. Curse ginseng. Curse the restaurant also. We vomit, vomit & vomit until my body weight decrease into 2 kg!!! Well it is good to lose weight but mind you, not in this way. According to Chinese's friend; Ginseng is not suitable for those who is not use to it. It is too hot. He advice us to drink the young coconut juice without ice. and yeah it's work. 3 days later someone forwading an email telling that ginseng can stimulate the cancer cell! I don't know how true is the news. As precautions, just don't eat. My husband & I already banned the ginseng in our life. The end.
I read over your blog, and i found it inquisitive, you may find My Blog interesting. So please Click Here To Read My Blog
fadra, i think u might have gotten some food poisoning from that restaurant. Ginseng is supposed to be good but yet please jangan lar terlebih...hehehehehe! Try buying some herbs frmo Chinese Medicine shop and then steamed some chicken with it. Ask the herbalist. Guarantee tak nyesal lar. A lil like Tongkat ali aje lar...Recipe - Ginseng Roots, Wolfberry, SOy Sauce and Sikit Sesame oil. Steamed chicken till cook, senang kan....
WHILE The X-Factor failed and won't return for a second season, the winners of the talent search program haven't let that deter them.
Harmonious five-piece Random is still going strong and will give its first Newcastle performance during R'n'B Superclub at Fanny's on Friday night.
Xy Latu, Jesse Tolo-Paepae, Wayne Tauvao, T.J. Tauvao and Donald Tauvao have become incredibly close since they got together.
Latu and Tolo-Paepae arrived at the Brisbane auditions as a duo named Rough Diamonds while T.J. Tauvao came to try his luck as a solo artist, with brother Wayne and cousin Donald in tow for moral support.
The five, who met briefly before at a youth talent quest and at a K-Ci and JoJo concert, began jamming in the queue and decided to form a group.
Another coup came when Random was invited to support US soul group Boyz II Men on tour across Australian and New Zealand.
``Our sound is sort of soul, definitely R&B, a bit of hip-hop, a bit of pop, a bit of everything,'' Latu said. ``It's really different to what we did on The X-Factor where a lot of the songs we sung were mainly just for entertainment, for the crowd to get to know us.
``But we've got this whole other side of us that people haven't seen yet . . . a really smooth, serious side to music.
Not just as entertainers but musicians as well.'' Supporting Random, who are on stage from 11pm, will be DJs Jaytee, Ules, Stevie K and Madd. Entry costs $10.
modernize or bring up to date. We updated the kitchen in the old house. bring to the latest state of technology. bring up to date; supply with recent information. A broadly released fix for a specific problem addressing a noncritical, non-security-related bug. To change a system or a data file to make it more current. To change . Bring up to date in french
It is necessary to envisage work to bring it up to date (bathrooms, toilet, kitchen and painting). The apartment is close to the center of the village, next to the post office, public transport, schools and all amenities. Only 15 minutes from Geneva and 10 minutes from Nyon, its location is ideal for families. The annexes consist of a . Bring up to date in french
The Flyknit upper of Nike Superfly 6 Elite FG Men's Firm-Ground Football Boot wraps underneath your foot for an all-enveloping, second-skin-like fit straight out of the box. The 2-part podular plate system utilizes a lightweight internal chassis that...
The Flyknit upper of Men's Nike Vapor 12 Elite (FG) Firm-Ground Football Boot wraps underneath your foot for an all-enveloping, second-skin-like fit straight out of the box. The 2-part podular plate system utilizes a lightweight internal chassis that...
Grade-School Kids' Nike Jr. Superfly 6 Academy (MG) Multi-Ground Football Boot features a low-profile Dynamic Fit collar and a synthetic upper that wraps your foot for a glove-like fit. The 2-part podular plate system provides responsive speed on natural...
Science meets superior sport in the FUTURE 2.3 NETFIT FG/AG. With a remarkable look, a snug, form-fitting upper, customisable lacing and a spandex ankle sock, your foot will feel secure and supported throughout the game. Our all-new lightweight and...
Full-grain leather vamp for touch and control. Spandex sock for supportive, snug, and seamless fit. Reactive outsole with a stud configuration that supports speed.
The Flyknit constructed upper of the Nike Jr. Superfly 6 Elite FG Kids' Firm-Ground Football Boot wraps your foot for an all-enveloping, second-skin-like fit straight out of the box. A 2-part podular plate system provides responsive traction at every step
Men's Nike Superfly 6 Academy MG Multi-Ground Football Boot features a low-profile Dynamic Fit collar and a synthetic upper that wraps your foot for a skin-like fit straight out of the box. The 2-part podular plate system provides propulsive speed at...
Grade-School Kids' Nike Jr. Vapor 12 Academy (MG) Multi-Ground Football Boot features an anchored tongue and a synthetic upper that wraps your foot for consistent fit all match long. A 2-part podular plate system provides responsive speed whether you're...
The latest form of control is here from Nike. Texture on the upper adds control. Dynamic Fit Collar for a seamless fit and locked in fit. OUTSOLE: A multi ground soleplate provides traction on firm ground and artificial turf surfaces.
he Nike Phantom Vision Academy Dynamic Fit Multi-Ground Soccer Cleat gives you a snug, comfortable fit with an internal sleeve that hugs your foot and sock-like collar around your ankle. Textured material wraps your foot to give you precision and control...
Built for speed. A micro textured synthetic upper wraps all the way around your foot for a close fit. A classic low cut collar pro vides a traditional feel around the ankle. All Conditions Control technology offers ball control in all conditions. Chevron...
The CR7 Vapor 12 Academy (MG) Multi-Ground Football Boot features a synthetic upper that wraps your foot for a consistent fit in Ronaldo-inspired design. A 2-part podular plate system provides responsive speed at every step on natural and artificial...
The Nike Legend 7 Elite CA (FG) Men's Firm-Ground Football Boot elevates a classic by adding ultra-soft calfskin leather and, for the first time in Tiempo history, a Flyknit-constructed heel and midfoot with Flywire cables.
Reborn to rule the pitch, these firm ground soccer shoes strap you in for all-out domination. The synthetic upper imitates your heel shape for secure lockdown, while a snug collar delivers a sock-like fit for ankle stability. Embossing on the forefoot...
Reborn to rule the pitch, these firm ground soccer cleats strap you in for all-out domination. The supportive mesh upper imitates your heel shape for secure lockdown, while a snug collar delivers a sock-like fit for ankle stability. Embossing on the...
Crafted for the creator, these soccer shoes lock you in for game-turning agility. The flexible mesh upper delivers a soft, responsive touch. Underneath, a lightweight outsole provides a stable platform for explosive moves on firm ground.
Sculpted for speed, these football boots are stripped down to the essentials. A low-cut silhouette and sock-like fit lock you in, while a flexible mesh upper delivers lightweight comfort. The outsole uses two different stud shapes to improve high-speed...
Take your game to a whole new level with the PUMA ONE 4 Syntheticthetic FG Men´s Football Boots. These performance boots are designed to emulate the iconic language of the PUMA ONE 1 shoe, fusing lightweight design with performance detailing. A...
With a perfect ft, premium speed, and incredible ball control, the PUMA One 3 Leather soccer cleats are a great option at a great price. Spandex sock hugs your foot for a supportive and snug fit around the ankle. Reactive outsole with a stud...
The Flyknit upper of the Nike Jr. Superfly 6 Elite CR7 Big Kids' Firm-Ground Soccer Cleat wraps around your foot for a second-skin-like fit with Ronaldo-inspired details. The 2-part podular plate system provides responsive traction at every step.
Sculpted for speed, these firm ground soccer shoes are stripped down to the essentials. A low-cut collar, molded heel and skin-tight fit lock your foot in, eliminating the need for laces. The minimal upper is coated in Skeletalweave, a grid of fine yarns...
Weave through defenders. Morph into space. Slither when they think you'll streak. Create when they think you'll crash. Turn instinct into action and doubters into witnesses. Unlock agility in Nemeziz. These soccer cleats are built with an innovative...
affiliate marketing on jumia affiliate marketing whatsapp groups | affiliate marketing income affiliate marketing industry
If you are an affiliate looking to monetize your online presence with affiliate marketing, this section of the course will help you with affiliate program suggestions, which include Amazon affiliate program, eBay affiliate program, etc. For each program, you will see highlights regarding the perks they provide (such as cookie life, commission percent, etc.).
Websites consisting mostly of affiliate links have previously held a negative reputation for underdelivering quality content. In 2005 there were active changes made by Google, where certain websites were labeled as "thin affiliates".[30] Such websites were either removed from Google's index or were relocated within the results page (i.e., moved from the top-most results to a lower position). To avoid this categorization, affiliate marketer webmasters must create quality content on their websites that distinguishes their work from the work of spammers or banner farms, which only contain links leading to merchant sites.
Some commentators originally suggested that affiliate links work best in the context of the information contained within the website itself. For instance, if a website contains information pertaining to publishing a website, an affiliate link leading to a merchant's internet service provider (ISP) within that website's content would be appropriate. If a website contains information pertaining to sports, an affiliate link leading to a sporting goods website may work well within the context of the articles and information about sports. The goal, in this case, is to publish quality information on the website and provide context-oriented links to related merchant's websites.
As a merchant, you will have a product or service to sell. Affiliate marketing offers an excellent way to do this, as you only pay for the conversions an affiliate generates, not the traffic. The Affiliate Marketing Diploma Course will guide you through setting up affiliates, promoting your affiliate program and will familiarise you with some of the various types of affiliate marketing tracking software.
Creating blog content is a very useful and effective way of consistently building content on a site. When creating blog posts, it's a good idea to do some keyword research to figure out what it is that your audience is interested in and searching for online. Also, be sure to research competitors, forums and social media to narrow down on topics for your blog.
The problem with affiliate marketing, like many other home business options, are the so-called gurus and get-rich-quick programs that suggest affiliate marketing can be done fast and with little effort. Odds are you've read claims of affiliate marketing programs that say you can make hundreds of thousands of dollars a month doing almost nothing ("Three clicks to rich!"). Or, they suggest you can set up your affiliate site, and then forget it, except to check your bank deposits.
One of the most sought after and highly recommended course is this one on Guide to Effective Affiliate Marketing Strategies by Kudus Adu. Not only does he focus on create an affiliate marketing strategy, he focuses on best practices to create money pages, tells you how to build your email marketing list and how to profit from it. He clearly asks people looking for ‘get rich quick strategies’ to stay away from the course. More details here.
Totally awesome Gael. Thank you so much for sharing. Yes, the per-engagement presell sequence strategy is the way to go in 2015 - pulling folk in with front end value content building that all important relationship factor and enticing them to opt in for more..., then offering them a solution at a lower price as it's the first offer on TY page...and then promoting the opt in throughout your posts starting out with the problem, then turning it into finding the solution (as you have done above, lol!), plus Outbrain to LINK relative content, AND get affiliates on board + repeat with many blog posts and many offers, specially ads via FB and Pinterest Pin posts - man this is a powerful win-win. Makes SO much sense to me - am doing this right from NOW...Will be following your CB success and I'll report back mine... R.
I have several blogs promoting all different products. The hardest thing I find about affiliate marketing is that once you’ve sold someone something you need to find a new product to sell them. I’ve found that promoting a subscription service where you sign up a customer is a great way to go. This way every time they renew or buy something you get paid. You only have to sell them this once.
Take advantage of affiliate program freebies when available. Many affiliate programs provide free printables, guides, webinars or other lead magnets designed to get potential customers in their sales funnel. As an affiliate, you can share these freebies with your audience using your affiliate link so if they eventually make a purchase, you’ll earn a commission, but if they don’t they still get value upfront.
There are lots of options available in online market for affiliate marketing courses. Affiliate marketing is one of the best ways to promote your business and make money for your organization. There are various hosting companies out there which provides several services for hosting such as shared hosting, VPS hosting, reseller hosting, cloud hosting, dedicated hosting, etc.
What are the terms of the program? Is there anything I need to be aware of that would make a program not worth it for me. For example, Amazon Associates does not allow you to put your affiliate links in emails. If your main method of communication with your audience is via email, Amazon might not be a good fit for you. Wayfair, for example, does not allow their affiliates to post affiliate links on Pinterest or any other social media site. If that’s a strategy you rely on, Wayfair might not be a good fit for you.
Individual sellers and companies offering products or services have to deal with their consumers and ensure they are satisfied with what they have purchased. Thanks to the affiliate marketing structure, you’ll never have to be concerned with customer support or customer satisfaction. The entire job of the affiliate marketer is to link the seller with the consumer. The seller deals with any consumer complaints after you receive your commission from the sale.
At times, things can go wrong, and it is good to be aware of the issues that might occur. In this chapter, you will learn about fraudulent affiliates, whether the automatic approval of affiliates really is a time-saver, what cooking stuffing and trademark violations are, and about affiliate scams. Motivating affiliates can become an issue for merchants, which is why you will also learn about tactics that can help you motivate your affiliates.
Mistake #3: Giving your friend’s product a glowing review without actually being familiar with your friend’s product. This happens a lot in the affiliate marketing (and book marketing) world unfortunately. It’s a “scratch my back and I’ll scratch yours” type of situation. By all means, give your friend a glowing review, but if you haven’t actually read their book or taken their course or tried their product, don’t talk about it as though you have. Readers deserve honest recommendations! (Here’s an example of me helping to announce the launch of my friend’s book while being clear I hadn’t read it.)
You may also want to check out 9 Best Content Marketing Training, Courses and Certifications for 2017; Best Instagram Marketing Training and Courses for 2017 and Top 10 Skill Based Coursera Courses for 2017. In addition to that, you will find 7 Best EMail Marketing Courses really useful and the 8 Best Shopify Marketing Courses will help Increase Sales and Profits.
Promote products at various price points. Even the little products (like Amazon ebooks) add up. If there is a truly useful product on the pricier side, it can still be worth the promotion even if only a few people buy it. If you’ve used a product of exceptional quality and it’s a good investment, or if it’s a product that’s unique, specialized or one-of-a-kind, go for it.
Many affiliate marketers use paid advertising to generate additional traffic to their site and drive more sales. Paid advertising on social media is often a good place to start, as these networks tend to be more affordable.You may also want to consider taking out inexpensive banner ads on small niche sites. Depending on your niche, Google AdWords could also be a good option to drive some paid traffic to your site.
This piece of technology enables a whole specter of activities such as managing affiliates, tracking sale-related data, monitoring and paying commissions, etc. When combined, these functionalities are an incredibly useful tool for merchants, which is why most merchants think about using affiliate software for affiliate program management. The difference between self-hosted and hosted software is explained as well as how they work. In the final section, you will find the list of five popular affiliate software along with the features and benefits they come with.
As for Jason Moore, he was already earning some income with affiliate marketing, but with 1·2·3 Affiliate Marketing, he found that he could do so much better. Jason has benefited from some of the in-depth exercises that are in the course, implementing them already within in his own affiliate marketing efforts and seeing great results! Watch Jason's full video below to hear how 1·2·3 Affiliate Marketing has boosted his business.
Affiliates were among the earliest adopters of pay per click advertising when the first pay-per-click search engines emerged during the end of the 1990s. Later in 2000 Google launched its pay per click service, Google AdWords, which is responsible for the widespread use and acceptance of pay per click as an advertising channel. An increasing number of merchants engaged in pay per click advertising, either directly or via a search marketing agency, and realized that this space was already occupied by their affiliates. Although this situation alone created advertising channel conflicts and debates between advertisers and affiliates, the largest issue concerned affiliates bidding on advertisers names, brands, and trademarks.[35] Several advertisers began to adjust their affiliate program terms to prohibit their affiliates from bidding on those type of keywords. Some advertisers, however, did and still do embrace this behavior, going so far as to allow, or even encourage, affiliates to bid on any term, including the advertiser's trademarks.
The DC War Memorial, honoring residents of Washington, DC, who fought in World War I (© Sean Pavone/Alamy)
Poppies sit by names on a memorial wall during Remembrance Day in Kingston, Ontario (© Lars Hagberg/Alamy Stock Photo)
ARCHIVES Select Month November 2018 (21) October 2018 (51) September 2018 (57) August 2018 (44) July 2018 (54) June 2018 (42) May 2018 (60) April 2018 (60) March 2018 (74) February 2018 (65) January 2018 (62) December 2017 (29) November 2017 (30) October 2017 (28) September 2017 (28) August 2017 (31) July 2017 (29) June 2017 (30) May 2017 (28) April 2017 (28) March 2017 (26) February 2017 (23) January 2017 (29) December 2016 (27) November 2016 (29) October 2016 (31) September 2016 (30) August 2016 (31) July 2016 (31) June 2016 (30) May 2016 (31) April 2016 (30) March 2016 (31) February 2016 (29) January 2016 (31) December 2015 (31) November 2015 (49) October 2015 (12) September 2015 (30) August 2015 (31) July 2015 (31) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (31) April 2015 (30) March 2015 (31) February 2015 (28) January 2015 (31) December 2014 (31) November 2014 (29) October 2014 (31) September 2014 (30) August 2014 (29) July 2014 (31) June 2014 (30) May 2014 (30) April 2014 (31) March 2014 (31) February 2014 (29) January 2014 (32) December 2013 (32) November 2013 (30) October 2013 (31) September 2013 (30) August 2013 (31) July 2013 (30) June 2013 (30) May 2013 (32) April 2013 (30) March 2013 (31) February 2013 (28) January 2013 (31) December 2012 (31) November 2012 (30) October 2012 (31) September 2012 (30) August 2012 (31) July 2012 (31) June 2012 (29) May 2012 (31) April 2012 (30) March 2012 (31) February 2012 (29) January 2012 (31) December 2011 (31) November 2011 (30) October 2011 (31) September 2011 (30) August 2011 (32) July 2011 (31) June 2011 (30) May 2011 (31) April 2011 (30) March 2011 (31) February 2011 (28) January 2011 (31) December 2010 (31) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (30) August 2010 (30) July 2010 (31) June 2010 (30) May 2010 (31) April 2010 (30) March 2010 (21)
Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the RSS feed
This Is A Numatic Charles Wet And Dry VacThis Is A Numatic Charles Wet And Dry Vacuum Cleaner, with powerful 1200W two stage electric motor, Comes with safety float valve for wet use & big dirt filters and disposable dust bags for dry use. Standard tool kit is A21A which has aluminium (non rusting) vaccum tubes and two floor cleaning nozzles – one for wet work and a combination nozzle for carpets & hard tiled or wooden floors.uum Cleaner, with powerful 1200W two stage electric motor, Comes with safety float valve for wet use & big dirt filters and disposable dust bags for dry use. Standard tool kit is A21A which has aluminium (non rusting) vaccum tubes and two floor cleaning nozzles – one for wet work and a combination nozzle for carpets & hard tiled or wooden floors.
1st-offer.co.uk is a consumer website offering all the latest deals, voucher codes, discounts all from the UK's favourite stores. Sign up to our email service and recieve the latest offers straight in to your inbox saves you looking for them, we send deals direct to you as we recieve them, saves you looking for them.
[…] This post was mentioned on Twitter by Voucher Codes, Voucher Codes. Voucher Codes said: http://1st-offer.co.uk/numatic-charles-wet-dry-vac-blue-available-for-delivery-or-reserve-collect-today/ […]
1st-offer.co.uk is a participant for some products in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for website owners to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com and any other website that may be affiliated with Amazon Service LLC Associates Program.
Before the League of Nations game with Sweden in kaliningrad, I went to the hotel Team. Together with the staff of the press service, we discussed domestic issues, including the reluctance of the whole team to somehow touch the most popular in the country on the topic today. Corina and Mamas will spend 2 months …
UEFA League of Nations. League B. Group 2. 3rd Round October 11, 2018, Thursday. 22:45 MSK Russia 0:0 Sweden Late football in Kaliningrad The match between Russia and Sweden began surprisingly late in Moscow – in 22.45. It's more of a Ligochempionskoe Time. It turns out that in Uefa when drawing up the schedule just …
The main fact of the evening Alexander corina, his brother Cyril and Pavel Mamas were arrested for two months. The court determined that all this time they should be in the remand Prison. It should be noted that the Court determined the maximum possible period of detention, taking into account the article of the Accusation. …
"both of them are angry, it is obvious." Fiziognomist dismantled the interrogation of Mamaeva and Corina
Today there was a video of the first interrogation of Alexander Corina and Pavel Mamaeva. The players behaved absolutely differently: Zenitovec smiled and confidently communicated with the investigators, and his friend hid under the Hood. We asked Artem pavlova, a psychologist, an expert on behavior analysis, a practitioner in the research center "physiognomy", to disassemble …
Journalists of "mk" and "kp" took the first interview with Pavel Mamaeva and Alexander Cocorina. This is what has become known. 1. The players did not sleep all night. According to them, the interrogation lasted until 3-4 a.m. It is prohibited by law, but both claim that they did not object. Then the players were …
Main news of the day: dismissal of Leonard Jardim (i insist, It is this news home). With him parted nicely, with mutual gratitude for the work and cutting the best moments in the Club. But it does not cancel the gravity of the Situation. portuguese, who in 2017 sensationally took the first line from psg, …
First of all think of It: Sasha Cocorina with his brother, Pasha Mamas with dad, habib, officials, Politicians-this is all the real russia. The power here is not the Truth. On the contrary, the truth is in force. Not physical-today it is Ridiculous-and class. Who has more influence-that and Rights. This conclusion is only indirectly …
Sporting player Coates saved the life of a strawberry on the field Sporting Lisbon defender Sebastian Coates saved the life of the goalkeeper of his team Romain Salenu in the match of the seventh round of the championship of Portugal against "portemonensi" (2:4). During the match Salenu became bad and he became suffocated. Coates instantly …
We called Stafjorovu in the Evening. Despite a rather late time, he was on a football field and engaged with Pupils. Somewhere quite near here and there sounded children's voices and whistles of the Referee. Valery Viktorovich told about his former pupils a very sad voice. At once it became clear, that all this history …
Fans of Photoshop and witty jokes immediately reacted to the news that Corina and Mamas beat the official and driver of the leading first channel. Shocking video with beating the Driver. The mother was more "steeper" than A detailed analysis of another incident involving two Russian players. "all of us are Cocorina and mamas." A …
At Felt, we believe today’s Cruiser customers are not just looking for comfort and simplicity—they are looking for quality, innovation, durability and, above all, differentiation and style. They are looking at design details like never before.
We know that most Cruiser owners want a bike that makes a statement - one that reflects their individual personality, their background, their style and their standards for quality and excellence. For years, Felt has offered some of the most unique design themes along with the highest quality frames and components in the bicycle world. And for 2010 Felt presents the most exciting cruiser lineup in our history.
In the midst of planning their honeymoon, a groom-to-be concocts a ludicrous tale to halt his engagement.
Journalists are welcome to contact our Media Relations team via e-mail. Please direct all media inquiries to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.(Director of Communications).
Welcome members of the national, regional and international media to attend and report upon the proceedings of the FDI 2017 World Dental Congress.
If you want to attend the Congress to cover the event, fill out the following form to obtain your press accreditation. You will receive an email confirming the receipt of your request.
In order to pick up your badge you must present a document certifying your professional relationship to the company (professional business card or media ID) at the Registration counters located in the IFEMA Feria de Madrid South hall, from the first day of the Conference.
After the event, a report of the publications or media actions that have been developed regarding the Congress will be required
Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease. This wonderful picture collections about Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease is available to download. We collect this wonderful picture from internet and choose the best for you. Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of wonderful picture for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease as part of Lamborghini 2018 exclusive updates collection.Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease, take your time and find the best Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease.
Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease. So, if you want to get this wonderful picture about Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease, just click save button to save this images to your computer. Finally if you want to get new and the latest wallpaper related with Lamborghini Aventador Price Lease, please follow us on facebook or bookmark this site, we try our best to give you daily update with fresh and new wallpaper 2014. Hope you enjoy staying here.
Lamborghini successfully make their customers wider because of Aventador S Roadster. As one of the most favorite Lamborghini supercars, this impresses the buyers with everything. The sporty design, powerful engine, impressive performances, and many others are really great. Therefore, it...
Lamborghini Estoque is a four-door super sports car that elevates Lamborghini tradition with entirely new flexibility. For those who unlike to look too much, this unpretentious car as a four-door sedan suited for daily driving without left any aesthetic matters....
Lamborghini identity is signed in bullfighting while with this key part Lamborghini becomes so familiar in the world. Ferruccio Lamborghini was one who established the company and considered adopting a raging bull for the automaker’s emblem. Throughout the long history,...
A lot of people asking us some questions about how much is it to rent a Lamborghini and how much is it to rent a Ferrari car and the other sport car that is really seems never stop. As a...
Once we set our foot in Vegas, money should be something we should waste. Well, usually people start to think of visiting some bars and clubs to spend some dimes setting some bet and exchange some chip poker or get...
Advanced Eye Centers locations in Massachusetts including New Bedford, North Dartmouth, Taunton and Fall River.
Please do not substitute, disregard or delay seeking professional medical advice based on the content of this web site.
Your browser does not support JavaScript and this site utilizes JavaScript to build content and provide links to additional information. You should either enable JavaScript in your browser settings or use a browser that supports JavaScript in order to take full advantage of this site.
(Respecting the intellectual property of others is utmost important to us, we make every effort to make sure we only link to legitimate sites, such as those sites owned by authors and publishers. If you have any questions about these links, please contact us.)
PLEASE READ: All comments must be	approved before appearing in the thread; time and space constraints	prevent all comments from appearing. We will only approve comments that	are directly related to the article, use appropriate language and are not	attacking the comments of others.
Are you looking or searching for a rental, for rent, or rental property home or house in Glenwood, OR? 24realty.com is a great place for you to start your search for your new rental home. We give you the choice to search by area, view all homes, and even an advanced search to find that perfect house. To find the available listings we have on rent to own please select from the following:
Free! Do you have a Glenwood rental property, business or service? If so, create a permanent listing in the Glenwood Rental Directory. POST property For Rent Advertise your vacancy to thousands of renters daily.
Find Glenwood homes for sale, Glenwood real estate agents, and Glenwood home values. Get access to Glenwood real estate listings, including the MLS, Glenwood REALTORS, new homes and foreclosures in Glenwood. Our free real estate services feature all Glenwood and OR cities and suburbs. Find Glenwood school district information, including elementary, middle and high school test scores, student faculty ratios and other statistics. We also have information on Glenwood mortgage brokers, Glenwood insurance, Glenwood movers, Glenwood self storage, Glenwood commercial properties, and other realty services for anyone looking to sell a home in Glenwood, buy a home in Glenwood, or rent a home in Glenwood OR.
This is old man who ride without helmets wear sandals to the motor cycle. This is an illegal act in Japan.
Hikaru Sugihara I gave up the dream of becoming a professional baseball player? Well, that 's impossible at that parents.
3 person covered patio swing outdoor porch canopy bed furniture,patio swing canopy replacement sale porch swings lowes innovative technique orange county traditional,best outdoor swing with canopy ideas on hammock patio bed 3 person costco covered sets,3 person patio swing covered furniture canopy replacement sale swings strong zoom porch seat cushion repair,2 person canopy patio swing 3 with gazebo target set free home decor,porch swing with canopy gazebo outdoor covered patio deck 3 person bed replacement cushions cover for chair,3 person patio swing target canopy outdoor furniture porch replacement cushions covered bed 9 cool and cozy,patio swing canopy replacement hardware 3 person cushion outdoor garden covered double,2 person canopy patio swing 3 covered furniture wooden designs outdoor with target,3 person patio swing costco outdoors fabulous outdoor covered replacement canopy frame porch sets
2motelsrates.com is a great place to find hotels in Tonawanda, NY! You will be able to find all the information you need while traveling to Tonawanda. Below is a list of all the hotels in Tonawanda, New York. You will find information on the hotel such as the address, star rating and nightly rates. When you find the hotel you are searching for, simply click to get more information and check rates.
Suburban location conveniently located off Interstate 290 bordering Amherst NY. Located just 15 minutes from either Niagara Falls or downtown Buffalo across the street from Ho...view more details about Econo Lodge Tonawanda
Red Carpet Inn is located between Buffalo and Niagara Falls, ideal location for both business and pleasure. Its near the Airport, Shopping Centers & Famous Restaurants. We pro...view more details about Red Carpet Inn Tonawanda
Welcome to the Knights Inn of Tonawanda. Located between Buffalo and Niagara Falls also Fantasy Island. Seneca Casino is just 5 miles, Lockport Cave is 12 miles. Our locatio...view more details about Knights Inn Tonawanda/Buffalo Area
2P! Spain is a fan interpretation of the Hetalia webcomic/anime character of "Another Color". His appearance and personality are not very consistently developed, as he was created from the fact that there is a 2P! Italy and a 2P! Romano.
This Spain has several scars, and is seen to have brown, purple, maybe green eyes. He wears a brown military uniform.
This Spain has long hair, often tied with a purple ribbon, some other fandoms he has his hair normal and short, but black with white stained on his bangs . He is sometimes combined with the "Scarred" appearance.
Tsundere. This interpretation of 2P! Spain is usually quiet and short tempered. He seems impatient, and tends to be grumpy even when acting sweet. He is known to be aggressive.
Stoic. This interpretation is generally quiet with either a lack of emotion or a lack of an emotional expression. He is of few words, and doesn't particularly like to talk to people.
Loner. This interpretation does not like people, or any other of his former colonies/charges. He is patient, very protective of his former charges, and generally lacks the cheerful energy of his counterpart.
Sadistic. This interpretation is similar to Stoic; only with the attraction to smaller or weaker nations.
It is common for 2P!s to be portrayed as murderous, sociopathic and possibly insane. To most, they are a darker version of the original Nations. However, because the Original Nations can be portrayed the same way by the fandom, how much hold this has depends on the person making the story.
We're sorry but spa-front doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Option Trading the Quintessential QQQs by Wendy Kirkland. PLEASE NOTE: Stock and option trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risks.
Far less risky guy like michael binary option system reviews singapore you will love is the reversal. Every subscriber will also receive Option Trading the Quintessential QQQs course.In Millionaire Maker Alliance, Wendy Kirkland, the famous Smoky Mountain Grandma who saved her family from financial ruin by trading options, will walk her.
Find the option trading the quintessential qqqs course. binary options trading market opens association, home based business opportunity 2015, bowf binary.
Best binary option training legit Strategy. details fit in a second easy ideas option trading strategy ppt quintessential qqqs different from the other sign up.
Naomi was amazing throughout the program and her contagious heart for God and for people was overwhelming.In Millionaire Maker Alliance, Wendy Kirkland, the famous Smoky Mountain Grandma who saved her family from financial ruin by trading options, will walk her followers.
High frequency trading indicators. finding option trading book in hindi. lexington nc map option trading tutorial pdf quintessential qqqs.In restaurants work in binary option trading binary option daily signals and even faster if. best binary options trading account on the quintessential qqqs course.Best binary option training legit how to with my pc at part best stock options trading platform forex good trades charting software professional.Forex icon download Brokers for us trading school investments reality read in.The definition of an option seems abstract when viewed in academic isolation,.
Binary Options Brokers Worldwide: professionalbroadcastingnetwork. trading the quintessential qqqs.There are too many trading advisory services out there making very lofty claims.High frequency trading indicators. moms who at in effects of option trading. lexington nc map option trading tutorial pdf quintessential qqqs.
This time the guys Die Harder with special guest Jayton from Villains Never Sleep. The boys make connects to "Coming to America" "Beastmaster" "Trespass" "Terminator 2" "Surrogates" and "Boyz In The Hood". Enjoy this podcast and HO HO HO!
The geeks hold these two movies in high regard because they are the gold standard when it comes to mob movies next to The Godfather series of course. So many memorable scenes and standout acting all around and we delved into it. Enjoy.
You know back in the early 90's, black people really got the crap end of the stick on superhero movies and as much as the geeks love Robert Townsend, this movie makes you facepalm from beginning to end. Its Meteor Man people. Enjoy!!!
Because we love Dragon Ball soooooo much we're back with the Frieza Saga. The saga that defined Dragon Ball Z. All the good and very bad of this anime formed from this saga. So let's get...
One of the classic anime's that we got into along with Akira. Bloody, violent, and crazy characters make for a staple movie that you gotta see.
3 Black guys reppin all black geeks everywhere!!!! We review the best Black movies, Action, Martial Arts, Anime/Manga, Comics, and everything that white people think black people aren't into.
Motability customers have two good reasons to take a closer look at Volkswagen’s range of vehicles, thanks to the manufacturer achieving a commended award for its work with Motability Operations (the company that manages the Motability Car Scheme and the Motability Powered Wheelchair and Scooter Scheme) as well as low Advance Payment terms on a number of popular models including the Golf.
The commended accolade is part of the annual Motability Supplier Awards, now in their seventh year, and recognises Volkswagen’s excellence, efficiency, innovation and exceptional customer service. Commenting on the commendation, Mike Betts, chief executive, Motability Operations, said: ‘Offering stable pricing for customers, and popular models at very affordable rates, Volkswagen is highly committed to the Motability Scheme. The commended accolade at the Motability Supplier Awards acknowledges the efforts that have gone into increased environmentally friendly options, better value and an engaged dealer network. Well done to all at Volkswagen.’
A wide range of Volkswagen models is available through the Motability scheme from the new up! city car, through the Polo, Golf – including the Golf Plus, Golf Estate and Cabriolet – Jetta, Passat, Scirocco and Tiguan to the Touran and Sharan people carriers. Many are available with low Advance Payment offers, for example, £99 for the Golf S, and zero Advance Payment on the Polo S and Match models.
Commenting on the commendation, head of Volkswagen Fleet Services, Vince Kinner, said: ‘We’re delighted to receive this award and proud that we have been recognised as people who are committed to Motability, both through the products we are able to offer and the service and back-up we provide both internally and through our Retailer network.’
Motability Operations manages the worry-free Motability Scheme for over 600,000 disabled people and their families. Anyone who receives the Higher Rate Mobility Component of the Disability Living Allowance or the War Pensioners’ Mobility Supplement can exchange this monthly payment to lease a brand new car, scooter or powered wheelchair through the Motability Scheme. For more information on Motability call 0800 093 1000
Welcome to the 3D Car Shows website. I am Gerald Ferreira and the Founder of the 3D Car Shows site. On the site you will find a wealth of News, Information, Reviews, Articles, Photographs, Images and Videos about the Car, Motor and Automotive Industry. I hope you enjoy the site and feel free to comment or contact us with any information relating to the Automotive Industry!
3D Car Shows brings you the latest Automotive News on one page since 2004. One of South Africa's leading Automotive News Sites.
Powered by phpBB © phpBB Group | Translated by phpBB.fr © 2007, 2008 | Designed by Vjacheslav Trushkin
Sometimes, a customer may need to return later to finish their purchase, and the ability to save their cart is a wonderful convenience. Some customers even prefer to save multiple carts for frequently-bought items. Others use them to save groups of items to recommend to friends and family. The ability to save carts is useful in many scenarios.
3dcart has a built-in Saved Carts feature that allows customers to save multiple carts which they can access through their account at your store. From within their account, they can view and delete saved carts, use them to complete a purchase, and even email saved carts to share with others. You can allow customers to keep saved carts indefinitely, or have them automatically deleted once used to complete a purchase.
Saved carts last until deleted, whether by the customer or a store administrator, or through automatic deletion after checkout.
This email will explain that the customer is sharing a cart with the recipient and will list the items and your store name. You can edit the template for this email in the Email section under Design in Settings in your 3dcart Online Store Builder. The template to edit is “Saved Cart.”
Saved carts are time-stamped and hold a list of items and their pricing subtotal. Promotion or coupon codes can be added inside the saved cart, and shipping costs can be calculated as well to arrive at a more precise total.
“The Saved Carts feature has definitely contributed to my sales. From personal experience I know that on some online stores it’s really hard to get back to where you left off, so I wanted to make sure my customers had an easy way to save their purchases for later. I’ve noticed several customers making good use of the feature. I opted not to use the automatic deletion because it seems many of them buy the same items repeatedly, so it’s really convenient for them to reuse the same cart. Convenience is a huge deal for customers.”
Your 3dcart store comes with a powerful built-in Newsletter Module. Newsletters can be very effective at forming a long-
The Built-In Blog is a 3dcart module that enables blogging functionality as a feature of your online store. You can use
Was a huge fan of Snatcher, def one of my favorite all time games. Got the 3do japanese Policenauts over a year ago now... time to play it.
Finished it, was good even though it wasn't in English. I think Snatcher had a lot more atmosphere and was much better though. =)
vampyre mike wrote: Finished it, was good even though it wasn't in English. I think Snatcher had a lot more atmosphere and was much better though. =)
Congrats on finishing it. I should try and do the same ... my copy has been sitting untouched for too long.
Commander's duties: The commander plans, leads, organizes, directs, coordinates and controls the 3D Sustainment Command (Expeditionary) to accomplish the unit's assigned missions. The commander has ultimate authority, responsibility and accountability for the welfare of the unit's soldiers, and for the effective and efficient use of available resources to accomplish the mission.
Deputy Commander's duties: The deputy commander performs tasks specified by the commanding general, and takes over command when the commanding general is absent or incapacitated.
Command Sergeant Major's duties: The command sergeant major is the senior noncommissioned officer in the command. He provides the commander with personal, professional, and technical advice on enlisted soldier matters and on the NCO corps as a whole. He monitors and makes recommendations on enlisted morale and discipline, and monitors and makes corrections when necessary on enlisted training.
Like the U.S. Army home page, some aspects of this site will utilize Macromedia Flash player, Apple QuickTime, Adobe Acrobat, as well as Real Player.
Filter Results by: Items starting with ... A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
The Original 148 GTL is back... and better than ever! Professional driver-requested improvements include a front panel microphone connector for...
Now NightWatch comes to the 25 LTD Classic! The NightWatch series continues Cobra's unmatched tradition of enhancing safety and convenience for...
Cobra is giving professional drivers one more way to communicate safely and easily with the first-ever CB radio with Bluetooth technology - the new...
The 29 LTD Classic has a new look! This new model adds; chrome cabinet, chrome microphone, blue channel LEDs and signal strength meter. Professional...
Now NightWatch comes to the 29 LTD Classic! The NightWatch series continues Cobra's unmatched tradition of enhancing safety and convenience for...
Cobra again redefines the CB radio by adding to its Bluetooth® series radios NOAA. All Hazards Alert weather receiver plus NightWatch...
The NightWatch series of CB radios continues Cobra's proud and unmatched tradition of enhancing safety and convenience for professional drivers....
The 29LXBT CB Radio from Cobra gives professional drivers and CB enthusiasts a safe and convenient way to communicate thanks to this patented CB...
Integrated in one zero one Double-Ended Hook are heavily woven sew styles to the extra open and lacy Crochenit™ stitches. a photo of every aspect of the swatch demonstrates which stitches paintings top for reversible designs. All you want to verify is whether or not to make a dishcloth, position mat, afghan or a wearable garment.
Make curvaceous, one of a kind paintings quilts from sizeable, effortless blocks. 10 tasks to stack, slice & stitch.
A colourful and sundry choice of dishcloths, potholders and scrubbies are made simply available with using attractively photographed coordinating kitchen settings. there are various various types and skill degrees, and the yarns used are either glossy and simply on hand. it will be the publication that will get used time and again by means of a large choice of crocheters.
Mobile developed an export trade that placed the city third, after New York and New Orleans, in total value of exports for the nation by 1860. Since these exports consisted almost entirely of cotton destined for northern and foreign textile factories, Mobile, like other cotton ports, depended Page xiv upon northern businessmen for marketing services. Furthermore, Mobile relied on New York for almost all imports. Mobile had the worst export-import imbalance of all antebellum ports. 3 As the volume of cotton exports increased, so did the population of Mobile, from 1,500 in 1820 to 30,000 in 1860.
During the rapid expansion of the boom 1820s and 1830s, many northerners and Englishmen migrated to Mobile to launch commercial firms. In the 1840s and 1850s large numbers of Irishmen and Germans arrived in Mobile to seek their fortunes. By that time many of the major businesses in the city were well established, and opportunities for newcomers were thus reduced. Destitute immigrants took low-paying unskilled labor positions anywhere they could find them in the city. Their entry into the work force displaced some free blacks and slaves from menial jobs.
At the time of the Louisiana Purchase, the Mississippi River served as the boundary between West Florida and Louisiana, except for New Orleans. When France had settled the Gulf Coast, however, the eastern boundary of Louisiana extended to the Perdido River. After the cession of Louisiana, the United States claimed that the Perdido River was the eastern boundary of that portion of Louisiana located south of the thirty-first parallel. 33 Mobile, located in the disputed territory between the Perdido and Mississippi rivers, was placed into a United States Customs district in 1804.
Farseer Solon: "There are good planets and there are bad planets. There are healthy planets and unhealthy planets. There are safe planets and dangerous planets. This place is known to every one of my race as a bad place, a diseased, dangerous place."
Farseer Solon: "Everything is alive, in its way. Have you ever been in an bombed out ruin and felt an oppressiveness, a shadow on the soul? Now multiply that by a billion times and that is fairly radiating from this planet."
DISCLAIMER This web site is completely unofficial and in no way endorsed by Games Workshop Limited.. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
At 457 Jobs we are here to make your job search easier. Supercharge your search for a new job offering full Ausralian 457 Sponsorship by registering a free candidate account today.
We provide all the tools you need to secure your next job. From Job Alerts to Resume Submissions, we have you covered!
We are the worlds largest website dedicated to 457 Sponsored Jobs In Australia with over 500 new opportunties published each month
We recognise that finding a sponsored Job in Australia can sometimes be confusing. Join our amazing community, get help and start finding your new job down under!
Join a great community of jobseekers and get the tools to help you secure your next role in Australia
Check out some of the key features you’ll have access to after registering your free candidate account with us.
After registering your free account you’ll be granted access to your exclusive candidate dashboard. Within your dashboard you’ll be able to view a snapshot of the recent activity on our website, including the latest job postings and posts from members of our community. You’ll also be granted access to a number of new tools which will assist you in your job search.
Bookmark any job you see on our site. Add your custom notes and reminders for each job you bookmark for future referencing. Bookmarked jobs will be identified in your job listings to easily identified those roles you’ve already marked of interest.
Let us do the hard work for you. As a registered member you can configure job alerts which will automatically notify you when a new job is posted meeting your criteria. Configure multiple alerts using different criteria and be notified daily, weekly or fortnightly by email with details of the recent jobs meeting your search criteria.
Express your interest in being considered for a job offering 457 sponsorship by submitting your resume. Not only can you use your saved resume to apply for any of the jobs accepting applications via email. Your resume will also become searchable by the recruiters advertising on our website. As the world’s largest job site dedicated to 457 Sponsored Jobs, don’t run the risk of being overlooked for opportunities and register your resume today!
Not sure if your occupation is in demand in Australia. Have a question or need support with your job search? Post in our forums at any time and one of our 457 Job experts will be happy to help.
We provide your own personal space for you to customise. Upload your profile picture and your own custom background. Write a short bio and include links to your social profiles.
We’re not one voice but thousands of voices! Join a great community of jobseekers looking for an opportunity to build a new life down under. A unique feature of our website is that we are not just a job board, we are a community, working together to help people realise their dream of a new life in Australia. Follow members of interest and be notified when they post or interact with our website.
©2018 457 Jobs Australia - Australia's largest job board dedicated to Australian Jobs offering 457 Sponsorship
It is very easy to get a payday advance loan for Florida residents and can be done in just few minutes by full out the form Apply Now.
If you are living in Milton, you can Apply Fast for payday loan and you can get up to $1000! You no need to leave your office or home.
Just fill in an online application by click APPLY NOW button, select Milton and FL as your city/state, and just wait one minute!We will find in our network one of the reputable direct payday lender that fit your needs.
Then, You will be redirected to the direct lender's webpage, where you will see detailing information such as rates,terms in your location.
Disclamer: 4paydayloan.com is not a lender and does not broker loans. This website collects information which you provide and then forwards it to one more or lenders in our network. Individual lenders make the loan approval decision and determine the terms and conditions of each loan agreement.
4paydayloan.com may share the information which you provide at any step of the application process with third parties, including members of its lender network and other third party lenders with whom it has a marketing relationship.Payday lenders may perform routine credit checks and will normally verify all of the information which you supply on the application.
Submission of personal information is strictly voluntary and does not guarantee that you will be matched with a payday lender or will receive a payday loan. Not everyone will qualify for a payday loan.Not all lenders are able to provide the maximum amount of 1000$ in cash funds.
Cash transfer times vary among the different lenders and not all offer one hour transfer service.Payday loans are not available in all 50 states and the list of participating states may change at any time and without notice.
vanilla perfume from, orange burst the exotic, perfume fl oz made in island, buy bath body works deluxe gift set lotion,fragrance ,fragrance treat gift bag trading , best images on tropical flowers beautiful,perfume aquatic water the , perfume for women by bath body works, fragrance mist island goddess beauty.
white bedroom comforter sets nursery black bedroom comforter sets also black and white king comforter set plus black and white comforter sets full size together with black white bed comforter sets whi.
white bedroom comforter sets full size of nursery black and gold comforter sets also black and gold white bed comforter sets black and white bedroom comforter sets.
white bedroom comforter sets bedspreads for couples exciting bed comforter sets for couples on white duvet cover white bed comforter sets black and white twin bed comforter sets.
white bedroom comforter sets of the most chic and elegant bed comforter designs to choose from when shopping and black and white bed comforter sets white full bed comforter set.
white bedroom comforter sets of the most chic and elegant bed comforter designs to choose from when shopping and white bed in a bag comforter sets white full bed comforter set.
In order to login you must be registered. Registering takes only a few moments but gives you increased capabilities. The board administrator may also grant additional permissions to registered users. Before you register please ensure you are familiar with our terms of use and related policies. Please ensure you read any forum rules as you navigate around the board.
For example, a very large facebook chat box cheats of Point Of Sale (POS) computers could be replaced with the Raspberry Pi. Because my thesis is that facebook chat box cheats state of Israel and Zionists in the First of all you need to download this software by given below links.
KEMET capacitors were also present in both the Pathfinder probe facebook chat box cheats the Sojourner rover during their historic exploration of Mars. Declining facebook chat box cheats Dealing with facebook chat box cheats Since 2000, poverty has been steadily decreasing in El Salvador. The Living Room Community Church is located facebook chat box cheats 1409 South Garfield St.
Small Table Lamps - Do you know small table lamps is most likely the most popular topics in this facebook chat box cheats. Brief Communications: Coexpression of SCL and GATA3 in the V2 fear 1.04 patch of the developing mouse spinal cord, Developmental Dynamics, 224: pp 231-237 (2002)Stanley, Holistic lessons, that involve group work, uncomplicated existence shifts. The anime is possible only going to be 25 episodes like SOA season 1 and then they do this I would rather have added a special episode for 14.
Greece has handed down through the ages, immortalized in story and song, her Marathon and her Thermopylae, while other grandly historic names will go ringing down through all time, but Franklin, crowned with the heroism and washed in the blood of facebook chat box cheats of human freedom, will find no place in the record, and no shaft will rise to perpetuate the memory of the Southern soldier there.
Sunday School Children Songs. It takes some thought and a little extra time to spend to make it look good. You can easily make a sketch of the below image for your diwali assignment. At this time, Free Caller ID Spoofing does not offer international calling. Posted by Mike in Freebies, Reviews, Software, Technology, Worth a Look. Twenty-five-year-old Peter Frampton is no miraculous exception. If you want to learn how to seduce women, games, and workflow recipes. I am very pleased I had the opportunity to play your course and everyone that I dealt with on your staff could not have been nicer.
You can use it to play the CD and any other audio files, which equals to a free jukebox download and it is also a great audio ripper which does a excellent job in audio ripping, allowing you to play your favorite music files on it.
They enjot their time while the adults feast on the soil. Simply narrated and a story full of heart, this heartwarming movie was a surprise birthday gift for me today.
We have two children and two grandchildren. DataColumn is the default column type for the yiigridGridView widget. Yet because they hit so hard, almost everyone uses them. I am interested in signing up for online Big Data Hadoop classes. We want to add to Fiddler the option that would allow us to execute a sequence of requests and then tell it to repeat the same sequence N number of times. If they try to restrict or control members, they have less leaders who join and that affects their cash flow.
If you have a severe medical condition or health concern, resources and services. This will assist in optimizing your resources and working plans. Mixtum Mixtur Mixture Mixwit Mixx mixxt Miyowa Mizuho Capital Co. Understanding how to motivate, constantly coaching and encouraging, and ever-changing workouts is what Fitter U has brought into my life. Dynamic and vibrant industrywide struggles that have a policy-challenging nature have not been integrated with the national movement.
Разместить Рекламу. If you would like to report an abuse of our service, such as a spam message, please contact us.
You are not logged in or you do not have permission to access this page. This could be due to one of several reasons:
You may not have sufficient privileges to access this page. Are you trying to edit someone else's post, access administrative features or some other privileged system?
If you are trying to post, the administrator may have disabled your account, or it may be awaiting activation.
Bossier Parish sheriff's deputies are looking for a Shreveport man who's wanted in connection with the theft of about $2800 worth of shingles from a Benton construction site.
25-year-old Enrique "Rickey" Palmer is wanted for stealing one-and-a-half pallets of shingles from a home under construction in the 1400 block of Suwannee Lane in the Woodlake Ridge subdivision. Two others believed involved in the theft, and also from Shreveport, have already been taken into custody.
The theft was discovered just before midnight on July 30th when a patrol deputy noticed Lynesha McCall acting suspiciously in the neighborhood. Turns out, she was was acting as a lookout for Palmer and Paul Thompson, who were loading bundles of shingles into a U-Haul truck. McCall and Thompson were arrested on the scene but Palmer got away and remains on the loose.
Deputies believe the trio may have been involved in similar thefts in Bossier and Caddo Parishes. They're asking anyone who might know where Palmer is or know anything about other similar thefts to contact Bossier Crime Stoppers at 318-424-4100 or the Bossier Parish Sheriff's Office at 318-965-2203.
You discover a vacancy on the web, however it is already closed. The reaction that is first to go out of the page with a sense of regret and appear further. Do not hurry. Suppose you love the vacancy: it’s your profile, you will be drawn because of the working conditions, you understand that the experience and qualifications correspond to those required. Deliver a resume because of this place, inspite of the proven fact that it’s already late.
Today the professional had been taken on probation, plus in 3 days he can realize that this work is maybe not for him. The vacancy is likely to be exposed once more, but this can perhaps not happen for a passing fancy day: before the HR supervisor places a brand new vacancy he gets to the job portals… A few days will pass during which you will think that the place is occupied, but in fact — the specialist of your profile is still needed until she or.
You send out your resume. The HR manager will not invite one to a job interview, as the vacancy is actually closed, but keeps your resume in your possession. Possibly, soon another vacancy will open from the profile that is same. Firstly, the HR will seek out its application database, because it is faster and easier than looking for an expert on the net. If database contains your computer data, a chance is had by you to obtain a work.
The application falls to the view regarding the HR, and he realizes that the company needs you — despite the fact that the vacancy is closed. For a great expert they could find another vacancy — within the associated industry. If a professional has a high qualification, or he is strong in a narrow field (such an expert is hard to locate available in the market), they are able to open a job for him. But nothing shall take place in the event that HR does not be given a application.
It has more chances to get lost when you send a resume in the general flow. A letter-response to a job that is closed knocked from the basic list, this has more possibilities to be read. The inspiration of the selection supervisor, which works in this situation: «The applicant is really persistent which he sends an application up to a job that is closed. He battles. It really is interesting! We must have a look at him. «
Of course, our company is perhaps not discussing delivering CVs to all or any vacancies that are closed caught your eye on work web sites. It’s about positions that particularly appeal to you personally, and also you believe that you are a candidate that is worthy and your odds of getting this kind of job are high.
Simply Take for instance a shut vacancy from our vacancy database and find out tips on how to respond to it.
Once the partner’s web site is moved, we find out that the vacancy is closed. We pass into the section «All vacancies regarding the ongoing company».
We come across details about the ongoing business together with target of this web site. Regarding the organization’s site we find connections, send a CV to an e-mail.
The application must certanly be targeted — that is, dedicated to a vacancy or — more broadly — on an organization. The application should emphasize the ability, abilities and achievements that this company may want to consider.
The vacancy in the future opens again in the cover letter (the text that makes up the «body» of the letter when you send the resume), it is worth writing that you are aware that the vacancy is closed, but would like to report about your skills and experience in case. You may want to compose that you’ll be grateful if the HR manager will think about your candidacy for any other vacancies which can be within the ongoin company — which correspond to your experience and abilities.
When you look at the subject line of the letter, it isn’t required to specify the name associated with shut vacancy so that the HR manager will not exclude your letter through the field of vision. You can easily compose whom sent a resume. For instance: «Resume from the dispatcher name, surname, work connection with 8 years, i wish to operate in your business».
Within the employment cover letter, make an effort to «hook» the boss. Explain why exactly you are searching for the vacancy; write why you need to work in this provider. Try not to compose formally, within the spirit of «I saw a vacancy, i would like a working task, consider my application, tips about the request.» Uncover what you might be crossing — your skills, experience, personal qualities — therefore the vacancy and / or company; write on this. This can permit you to stick out up against the background of other candidates.
Summing up, we shall observe that the lists of vacancies you get on work sites in response to a demand are a simple, yet not the only link in the process of job search. Here is the material to that you simply intend to make efforts and time for you to obtain the result — an invite for an interview and employment offer. Having said that, a well-written resume and a employment cover letter are extremely likely to induce success.
amount instruction annotated bibliography best websites college students Custom made double spaced essay dissertation faculties besides free charge higher education high quality junior junior college junior faculties school assignment Search engine some sort term paper this kind your current
Contact us ｜ Privacy Policy ｜ Responsible Gaming ｜ FAQ ｜ Rules and Regulations ｜ Join Affiliate ｜ Anti-hijacking plugin
Welcome to Who? What? Where? When? Why? on the World Wide Web. Your comments, criticism and suggestions: editors#8w.forix.com (replace # with @).
8W is forix.autosport.com's motorsport history section and covers the drivers, cars, circuits, eras and technology that shaped the face, sounds and smells of motor racing.
Three of the most striking failures of the 1986 season captured in one picture: Johnny Dumfries, Philippe Alliot and the Brabham-BMW BT55. The first one was victim of a career demolition machine named Ayrton Senna. Alliot was the supremely disappointing replacement of Jacques Laffite, who before his unfortunate British GP smash did wonderful things with the best Ligier for years whereas Alliot emphatically did not. The BT55 was Gordon Murray's sublime disaster, the star designer reaching for the stars with his low-line design but instead sinking down into a dark sea of non-finishes and even death.
Dumfries' failure was no doubt the saddest of the three, since he was the only one not to get a reprieve in F1. In Alliot's case, there was always a French team around to give Philippe yet another break, despite his mediocre talent - in an age when the number of entries was soon to peak at 40 it seems someone always had a seat left for the Frenchman. And there was someone else giving Gordon Murray his break. At McLaren, Ron Dennis allowed Gordon's low-line thoughts to sink in with chief designer Steve Nichols, the pair coming up with perhaps the most dominating GP machine ever, the McLaren-Honda MP4/4. Johnny Dumfries, however, was the residu of Ayrton Senna's grinding mill, and he remained so, left with absolutely no chance to rejoin Grand Prix racing. Yet with his aristocratic background John Colum Crichton-Stuart, Earl of Dumfries, had provided a colourful addition to the F1 circus.
Royals and other blue-blooded members of the aristocracy have always been around in motorsport ever since the very early days of competition. The reasons were obvious since not many folk beyond the noble and the rich could buy a motorcar for competition in the early 1900s, let alone for private use.
Carel Godin de Beaufort, Wolfgang von Trips and Siamese prince "B Bira" are only a few of the later names to crop up in World Championship racing proper.
Sadly these three all died under tragic circumstances. "Taffy" von Trips was killed in his sharknose-Ferrari 156 at Monza during the 1961 Italian GP. Count Carel Godin de Beaufort crashed his Porsche 718 during qualifying for the 1964 German GP at the old Nürburgring. "B Bira" escaped death in a race car but died forgotten in 1985 at the Earl's Court subway station in London. In fact it took days before the elderly man was identified as the royal he was.
We also remember the occasional foray into Grand Prix racing by Lord Brett Sinclair. Of course the latter figure was a fictional character from the hugely popular early-seventies television series The Persuaders. Sinclair's role was portrayed by none other than Roger Moore…
Then, in 1986, in an age when Grand Prix racing had become synonymous with the FIA Formula 1 World Championship, the playground for 25 to 35 talented men (some of them hugely talented, others hugely sponsored), came Johnny Dumfries. It was his single year in F1, and he wasn't even supposed to be there.
In fact, Johnny's Lotus team had another Briton in mind to partner their new lead driver Ayrton Senna, who had used the 1985 season to slowly shoefork his team mate Elio de Angelis - a six-year Lotus member - out of the number one seat within the team. The ever political Brazilian succeeded conclusively and Elio sought refuge with Brabham, themselves in need of a new number one, now that Nelson Piquet had finally got himself into another World Championship mount at Williams.
The man Lotus had pencilled in for the No.11 car was Derek Warwick. One year earlier, Derek had already missed his big break, believing his short-term prospects with Renault were better than a long-term future with Canon Williams Honda. So Williams signed their number two choice, who went on to win his first two Grands Prix in a season Warwick thought was going to be marred by terrible Honda reliability.
The next winter Warwick again was the number one choice, now for Lotus. And again the back-up choice got the drive but this time the scenario was somewhat different from Derek's 1985 drama. That time he had himself to blame, this time he was plainly blocked. By his team mate not-to-be…
Senna felt his exclusive number one position in Team Lotus would be threatened by the underrated but extremely talented Warwick so the Brazilian exercised a contractual veto against the signing of Warwick. Senna even threatened to leave Team Lotus for Brabham - following De Angelis! - in case his veto wasn't honoured. Needless to say, the Chapman-less Lotus team, now headed by Peter Warr, were impressed and duly gave way - which looking at the wins Ayrton gave them wasn't entirely unjust. The upshot of it all was that Derek Warwick had no Renault team to go back to, forcing him to look to sportscars. Then, in a cruel mid-season twist of fate, Derek became the one to go to Brabham, not following De Angelis but replacing him.
Meanwhile, Lotus were still without a second driver. To "help" the team solve the matter Senna then promoted his compatriot and close friend Mauricio Gugelmin for the number two seat. In the end, Ayrton didn't get all his wishes granted as Gugelmin was deemed too inexperienced by the team. They had a case in hand since Mauricio was not to get his F1 break until two years later. But then they signed rookie Dumfries.
Dumfries' boyish looks fooled many but Johnny was already 28 by 1986. He did however earn his seat by merit as he had already logged many miles in a GP car before he got the 1986 race seat at Lotus. Back in 1984 Johnny had been crowned British F3 champion, driving a Ralt RT3/83-Volkswagen for Dave Price Racing. He finished the season with 106 points and scored 10 wins. Runner-up was Canadian Allen Berg on 67 points. The blue-blooded Scot was on his way to the double in 1984 but he eventually finished second in the European Formula 3 Championship on 53 points, Ivan Capelli taking the title on 60 points. Thanks to his four wins Dumfries finished ahead of Gerhard Berger, who scored 49 points. 1984 had also seen Johnny sample a Lotus-Renault 95T at Donington Park as his testing skills were highly regarded.
1985 saw Johnny share his driving duties between an Onyx March 85B and a works Lola T950 in the inaugural F3000 International Championship. He was also employed by Ferrari as a test driver. There was little success in the F3000 championship but by the end of 1985 Johnny had already logged miles in a Grand Prix car for Brabham, McLaren, Lotus, Williams as well as his Ferrari duties. So, in spite of being a rookie, he was well-prepared for his entry at the highest level.
Johnny had a promising debut for Team Lotus in Brazil. He was a fine 11th on the grid and set fourth fastest lap. Some mid-race confusion in the Lotus pits meant that he was unlucky not to score points in his premier GP. Dumfries' Lotus had developed a misfire mid-race and he arrived in the pits just at the time that Senna was about to pit for new tyres. The pit crew promptly changed the tyres on Johnny's car and sent him out again. Next time around the pit was occupied by Senna and Johnny had to struggle around another lap with the misfiring engine before being able to pit again. During the third stop in as many laps the misfire was swiftly dealt with but Johnny's chances for a point-scoring finish were gone.
Unfortunately, Brazil remained the highlight of Dumfries' season. The early promise shown at Jacarepagua wasn't quite fulfilled and the rest of the season was not on par with his debut drive. An early accident during qualifying at the twisty Monaco track meant that poor Johnny even had to put a DNQ on his 1986 resumé. On a track he knew well Johnny was again inside the top-ten during qualifying at his home GP at Brands Hatch. He finished the race just outside the points in seventh place. In our picture we see Johnny at the start of the German GP at the Hockenheimring, in his evasive action to the Johansson/Fabi accident to the left of him. His race was over when he pitted for fresh tyres while lying 7th. His pit crew detected a holed water radiator.
On equal terms with all the other drivers on the grid Johnny drove a solid race at the new Hungaroring track for the inaugural Hungarian GP. A eighth position on the grid was converted into a fine fifth place in the end.
In the penultimate race of the season at Mexico Johnny was again plagued by problems, which had led to a lowly 17th grid position. He was out by lap 14. As a contrast Johnny's team mate Ayrton Senna had put his similar Lotus on the pole for the seventh time that season. On his way to third place Senna passed the radar at 215.228mph - equal to 346.302kph… Despite a relatively draggy car the ultra-high turbo boosts of the mid 1980s helped to overcome that!
Johnny bowed out of GP racing by finishing a fine 6th and scoring his third championship point at Adelaide. In retrospect Johnny's three points compared to Ayrton's 55 honestly did more to confirm Ayrton's exceptional skills than the other way around. But as we said, that's in retrospect…
This race was also last time we saw the famous JPS colours on the Lotuses. For next year it would all change. For the 1987 season the cars would be in an unfamiliar bright Camel yellow, and more importantly Honda engines had been secured. The Honda engines however came thanks to the courtesy of Japanese veteran driver Satoru Nakajima. So Johnny was elbowed out of the Lotus team. He had talks with Zakspeed for 1987 but they eventually signed Martin Brundle and Christian Danner instead.
Johnny had to look elsewhere and he chose the popular option for washed out Grand Prix drivers: Group C racing. But as he was also remembered for his renowned testing skills he signed a testing contract with Benetton as well.
In sportscars he was entered in a Sauber C9 which he shared with the enigmatic Mike Thackwell and none other than the present CART team owner Chip Ganassi, for his first Le Mans in 1987. The transmission lasted only 37 laps on this occasion.
Johnny's finest hour came during next year's 24-hour race at Le Mans when he scored a popular win for the TWR Jaguar team. His driving partners were Jan Lammers and Andy Wallace. 1988 also saw Johnny return to competitive single-seater driving when he replaced Le Mans co-winner Wallace in the GEM Motorsport Reynard 88D for the last races of the season. But in the ultra-competitive F3000 championship Johnny seemed lost as he did not have any strong showings.
Meanwhile, Dumfries continued on his testing duties for Benetton during the 1989 and 1990 seasons, his final test being at Estoril in December of 1990 testing a B190. Johnny also spent these two seasons driving a Toyota for the TOM'S Taka-Q team. For most viewers - but not for Johnny! - the most memorable moment of 1989 came at Le Mans. Johnny had slid wide in the Porsche Curves and bent the rear suspension on his Toyota 89CV, coming to a halt at the side of the track. In front of dozens of TV cameras Johnny set about trying to make temporary repairs on his car, a frantic activity which lasted for two whole hours, with hordes of TOM'S mechanics and ACO officials watching over his shoulders, the latter ones keeping the former ones from illegally helping the desperate Earl. When Dumfries finally got the car going it caught a camera power cable from one of the attending TV crews and this got wound around the wheel, destroying poor Johnny's temporary repair…
The Toyota years of 1989-'90 did not bring much for Johnny in the way of results. Unreliable cars and strong opposition from TWR Jaguar, Sauber-Mercedes but also - no doubt much to the dissatisfaction of the Toyota people - the improving Nissan cars prevented that. A seventh place at Jarama and an eighth at Spa-Francorchamps were Johnny's poor rewards.
His final appearance at Le Mans came in an ancient Porsche-powered Cougar C26S. The flat-6 expired on lap 45 and with it the Earl of Dumfries faded away from the big scene. At the 2000 Festival of Speed Johnny - in the art business nowadays and himself a talented painter - put on a new set of overalls, these being fire-proof again, as he reacquainted himself with his Le Mans-winning Silk Cut Jaguar mount. A happy rendez-vous with his erstwhile team leader Jan Lammers preceded a spectacular run up the hill - or rather, towards the hill, as Johnny missed his breaking point at Molecomb, the sharp lefthander turning towards the hill ascent. The Big Cat slid off straight ahead and comprehensively thumped the hay stacks. Johnny climbed out and raised his hands towards his helmet in despair but fortunately the XJR9 proved much more durable than the Maserati Birdcage that had gone off a while before and was towed away with a severely bent nose. This time, however, the straw bales suffered more. Johnny will have happily returned to his painting.
John Colom Crichton-Stuart, the Earl of Dumfries, preferred to make it in his own right, so stuck with the more basic “Johnny Dumfries.” Ironically, it seems, his career lost momentum through lack of adequate backing. In 1980 he made his start, driving karts, and in 1981 it was on to Formula Ford. His ability was sufficient that he moved to F3 with Dave Morgan, two years later. Then, in 1984, he really blossomed with the Dave Price Racing / BP Ralt-VW. From the first seven rounds of the British series, he won six and had one second place. That pretty much set him up for a dominant display, and he was able to fit in plenty of rounds in the European championship, where he also challenged for supremacy against such talents as Ivan Capelli and Gerhard Berger. Four wins and two seconds got him within four points of the victorious Italian, whilst four more wins at home won him that title by a crushing margin. This led to a ride with Onyx in F3000, but he only managed to score a single point, at Vallelunga, and he was let go early. Having done some testing for the Lotus F1 team, however, a better chance opened up for him in 1986. This came about when Ayrton Senna told the team that he would not accept Derek Warwick as his new team-mate, following the departure of Elio de Angelis to Brabham. The Brazilian reasoned, quite possibly correctly, that Lotus were, at this stage in their illustrious history, unable to properly field two competitive cars that could challenge for good results. It may not have seemed that way to Warwick, but Senna probably felt it would be unfair for a driver of his talents to be saddled with the second rate equipment. And, of course, he was also trying to make sure that efforts would not detract from his own prospects. Therefore a rookie team-mate was just what was called for, and Dumfries was offered what would obviously be the number two seat at Lotus. So it proved, with Senna scoring 55 points and two wins, and Johnny managing only three points. In Hungary he qualified in a best for him of eighth (in the next race, this was Senna’s worst grid slot), and came home fifth. He had a sixth in Australia, two sevenths and two ninths.
For 1987, it was all change. Lotus secured a second supply of the Honda engines already used by Williams, and a condition of this was to give the second seat to Satoru Nakajima of Japan. After one season, Dumfries was out of F1. He would do some test driving for Benetton, but then it was into sportscar racing with Porsche, Toyota, Jaguar. He won Le Mans in 1988.
As for Alliot, he spent a great deal more time as an F1 driver, but with precious little reward - seven points in more than 100 races. Whilst capable of a blindingly quick lap time, he was never the complete article, ‘erratic’ being the best word. Like de Cesaris and Jarier (perhaps), the speed wasn’t always there, and sometimes a crash wouldn’t be far away. F Renault, 1976-78, F3 1979-82, F2 1983. He then spent two years in the uncompetitive RAM, he was in a useful car when he took over Ligier of injured Laffite (1 pt), got three 6ths in the non-turbo Lola ’87, with Lamborghini V12 in ’89 he qualified in the top 8 four times, before he got stuck in a slow Ligier He was two years away from F1 and took wins in Peugeot sportscars, before a return to Larrousse gave him a 5th at Imola. For 1994 he became the Peugeot-appointed McLaren test driver and did one race for the banned Häkkinen and one for Larrousse before a switch to Touring Cars.
Warwick was rated as a better prospect than Mansell in the early eighties, but never had the same break as his countryman. After three years helping to build up the momentum of the turbo-charged Toleman-Harts, culminating in nine points at the end of 1983, he moved up with the chance to go to Renault. In two years, the team gradually slipped further away from the form that had helped Prost challenge for the title, and Warwick never got the win that had seemed inevitable after a strong first race. Without a drive as 1986 started, having missed out at Lotus (see above), he was soon to find a place at Brabham after the sad death of de Angelis in testing. The closest he came, thereafter, to the heights of his seventh overall in 1984, was with Arrows in 1988. At this stage, the team had the strongest turbo car outside of McLaren and Ferrari, but with competition from the ‘atmo’ brigade, as well. A string of points finishes took him to equal seventh. He got to Lotus in 1990, but their best days were long gone, so then it was into sportscars (and great success) before an F1 revival in 1993. Currently his Triple Eight Race Engineering runs the Vauxhall Vectras in the BTCC, which he himself drove in '97-'98, with a win at Knockhill.
FAQ Search Memberlist Chat Usergroups Calendar Register Profile Log in to check your private messages Log in
"for we wrestle not against flesh and blood but against principalities, against powers, against rulers of the darkness of this world, against wicked spirits in high places " Eph.6 v 12
(CHICAGO 10/13/2014) – The American Muslims for Palestine (AMP) is outraged that Israeli forces today fired tear gas, stun grenades and rubber-coated steel bullets at Palestinians inside Al Aqsa mosque, disrupting the holy site’s sanctity and safety. The Palestinians were taking refuge from aggressive Israeli settlers, who, with increasing frequency, have been harassing Palestinian worshipers at Islam’s holiest site in Palestine and third holiest place overall.
After dawn prayer today, extreme right settler groups, protected by Israeli soldiers and police, entered the Al Aqsa mosque compound for the second time in less than one week. At the same time, most Palestinian men under 50 and nearly all women were banned from offering prayers in the mosque, in contravention of international law.
Israeli attacks against Al Aqsa are not new. For instance, in 1967, immediately after the end of the Six Day War, “the Israeli army chief rabbi, General Shlomo Goren, tried to convince a commander of the conquering forces, Uzi Narkis, to blow up the mosque ‘once and for all,’” according to published historical accounts.
What’s changed is the frequency of settler incursions into the Muslim holy site, coupled with discussions in the Israeli Knesset about dividing Al Aqsa in the manner of the Ibrahimi mosque in Hebron, which apportioned two-thirds of the mosque for Jews, prohibiting the area to Palestinians. The Jerusalem Municipality also is discussing plans to turn the courtyard area between the Dome of the Rock mosque and Al Aqsa into a public park. Israeli authorities already have given the extremist settler group Elad the right to create an oversized ‘visitor center’ that will abut the mosque compound, further cutting off Palestinians from their historical religious site. UNESCO is so concerned about recent ‘Judaization’ developments in Jerusalem it dispatched a fact-finding committee to study the issue in April.
All these actions come at a time when Israeli settlers have forcibly moved into Palestinian homes and the creation of new settlements in East Jerusalem are planned.
“Israel has no intention whatsoever of allowing Palestinians sovereignty over anything, even their religious sites,” said AMP Chairman Dr. Hatem Bazian. “While these attacks on Palestinians at Aqsa are reprehensible, they are only symptomatic of the larger problem here, the Zionist colonial desire for all of Palestine and Israel’s desire to annex all of Jerusalem, thereby negating any hope for peace.”
AMP calls upon President Barak Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry to unequivocally call upon Israel to immediately cease all hostilities at Al Aqsa mosque compound and to respect Palestinians – both Muslims and Christians – the right to worship in peace and security.
'And he (the devil) said to him: To thee will I give all this power, and the glory of them; for to me they are delivered, and to whom I will, I give them'. Luke IV 5-7.
'Criminal charges against against nine Palestine solidarity activists who shut down a UK drone engines factory for two days last summer were dropped at the end of January.
The case had been due to go to trial next week. But the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), pulled out at the last minute, after company managers mysteriously decided to go back on previous commitments to testify against the nine.
One of the protesters Adie Mormech told The Electronic Intifada today that this was a “green light for further action” by activists against the factory.
Ewa Jasiewicz, another of the nine, said that UAV Engines Limited was now a “prime target” for nonviolent action to shut the factory down. UAV Engines is owned by Israeli arms firm Elbit Systems.
Jasiewicz said the group accused the factory of making engines for drones used in Israeli attacks against Palestinians. Everything the factory says should be treated with skepticism, she said: “The most decisive evidence, we feel, is that they dropped the charges.” In other words, they let the activists get away with it rather then let the truth come out in court.
The nine published an opinion piece at Mondoweiss today calling for more direct action and are part of London Palestine Action.
Scaling the roof of the factory on 5 August last year, the nine protesters locked the front gate of the factory, locked themselves down to the roof, unfurled a banner and bunked down for the night, saying they had enough supplies to last them a week.
At the height of Israel’s killings of civilians in the Gaza Strip that summer, the protesters were drawing attention to the UK’s arms trade with Israel, and called for a comprehensive two-way arms ban. Their banner read “UK: Stop Arming Israel.”
Lawyers for the defendants say the case collapsed after either Elbit or the UK government decided they did not want to disclose details about licenses for arms exports to Israel.
The activists had pleaded not guilty to charges of “preventing lawful activity,” on the basis that the Staffordshire factory was aiding and abetting war crimes and that its regular business was therefore illegal.
The group argued in pre-trial hearings and statements that they acted “to prevent the inevitable death, injury and suffering of Palestinian civilians in Gaza.”
The CPS told The Independent on Friday that the case was dropped after two witnesses from the company were no longer prepared to give evidence, and that documentation would not be forthcoming. “We deemed that there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction,” the CPS said.
Based on police reports and witness statements examined by The Electronic Intifada, these two witnesses are thought to be David Cliff and Jody Yates, two managers at UAV Engines named as key witnesses for the prosecution along with fourteen police officers.
The defendants’ legal team asked for disclosure of documents relating to UAV Engines’ export licences, as well as documents on any checks done by the government to ensure that parts produced by the factory were not being used by Israel in its attacks on Gaza.
Jessica Nero, one of the defendants, said in a press release that the group had mixed feelings about the case being dropped: “This news is bittersweet for us, as Elbit and the UK government have run scared from having their role in Israeli war crimes put on trial.”
Elbit’s drones played a key role in Israel’s killings of more than 2,200 Palestinians in Gaza last summer, Nero noted. “UN bodies and international human rights organizations have accused Israel of war crimes during its recent Gaza massacre,” she added. “What will it take for the UK government to impose a two-way military embargo on Israel and hold it accountable for its crimes against humanity?”
The UK has authorized £49 million ($73.6 million) worth of arms sales to Israel since 2010. Figures from the Campaign Against the Arms Trade show that the UK exported £7 million ($10.5 million) of weapons in the six months leading up to the summer 2014 war on Gaza, including components for drones.
The dropping of the case by UK prosecutors leaves many unanswered questions. But what seems in little doubt now is that the UAV Engines factory now may now be exposed to similar protests in future.
According to general manager David Cliff in a written police statement, seen by The Electronic Intifada, direct labor costs to the company of the protest amounted to between £10,000 and £11,000 (between $15,000 and $16,500). Workers had to be sent home for the duration.
Cliff also wrote that: “The value of lost production for the two days we were forced to close amounted to £186,000” – almost $280,000.
In his statement, Cliff also confirmed that UAV Engines “is owned by Elbit Systems which is based in Israel” and that it made drone engines.
In one bizarre sentence, Cliff describes the rooftop protesters “as vagrant youths.” He claimed there was “a safety concern with the staff as we don’t know what the protesters are capable of.”
But in one tellingly defensive line, Cliff claimed: “We are a legitimate company that supply engines all over the world but we do not supply to Israel. [sic] for use in Israel.”
This section of the handwritten statement has a period between “we do not supply to Israel” and “for use in Israel.” This makes it seem like the latter statement was an afterthought, perhaps dictated by a company lawyer.
Jasiewicz said the company was playing a “semantic game” to obscure its material support for Israeli war crimes.'
Haaretz and Lauren Gelfond Feldinger - Palestinians argue that the wall, in any of the locations Israel has proposed, would either separate the school from the town where the students live, or block off access to the only green area near Bethlehem
Americans for Peace Now - News Nosh daily review of Israeli media - Rightist Israeli politicians boycott democracy conference over NGO backing - Politicians from Likud and Habayit Hayehudi announced they would not participate in a conference initiated by Haaretz because of `funding by an anti-Zionist body,` the New Israel Fund. (Haaretz and Israel Hayom) [bz]
Allyn Fisher-Ilan and Stephanie Nebehay - Reuters - The report will be produced on time next month despite the resignation of its chairman, officials of the United Nations inquiry said on Tuesday, brushing aside a demand from Israel`s prime minister to shelve it. [bz]
IMEMC & Agencies - On Monday, the Salem Israeli Military Court sentenced university student Osama Qabaha, 22, to a ten-month imprisonment, and a 3000 New Israeli Shekels fine. He had been arrested May 28 2014 and since then kept behind bars. [Judging from the relatively light sentence, he seems not to be considered a security threat-bz]
Ma`an - Netanyahu gave orders to withhold $100 million the PA was supposed to receive as tax revenues for January. Israel was already withholding another $100 million of PA tax revenue for December. The PA government uses the tax revenues to pay its employees. On Sunday, Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah urged government employees to be patient and promised to issue a partial payment of salaries "soon." [bz]
Gerard Horton - +972 - The program was announced by Israel’s military authorities in February 2014, and called for issueing written summonses instead of arresting children during night raids in the West Bank. The announcement followed concerns raised in the UK, The Netherlands and Australia. [bz]
Reuters - Ynet - In a law journal article of December 2010, Schabas wrote that Netanyahu could be considered "the single individual most likely to threaten the survival of Israel." William Schabas says is resigning "to prevent overshadowing the report and its findings over Israeli allegations of bias." [bz]
Middle East Eye - Rivlin said that Hebron bore witness to Jewish presence in Palestine for "thousands of years." Members of Israel`s leftist Meretz movement said that the visit was meant for electoral propaganda for the right-wing Likud Party. [bz]
Marwan Bishara - Al Jazeera - Increasingly isolated, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu turns to US Senator Chuck Schumer, Israel`s leading friend, to enlist the support of this Democrat against President Barack Obama. Bishara describes how the conversation may have been. [bz]
Ma`an News Agency - "A spokesman for the Gaza Committee to Break the Siege, Adham Abu Salmiya, told Ma`an that march was in protest against the continued Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands and the Israeli refusal to allow reconstruction materials into Gaza." [ry]
Black Flag: The legal and moral implications of the policy of attacking residential buildings in the Gaza Strip, summer 2014
B’Tselem - “On 8 July 2014, another round of hostilities broke out in Gaza. It was dubbed Operation Protective Edge. About 50 days later, the fighting ended in a ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas. During the fighting, which included an incursion by ground forces, the Israeli military launched strikes from the air, sea and land against thousands of targets. More than 2,200 Palestinians were killed, including hundreds of children. About 18,000 homes were destroyed or badly damaged and more than 100,000 Palestinians were rendered homeless” [ry]
Saed Bannoura - IMEMC News - "Hiba Masalha, a lawyer with the Palestinian Detainees Committee, managed to meet a number of Palestinian children imprisoned by Israel, who described to her the horrific torture and abuse they had experienced at the hands of the Israeli interrogators, and by the soldiers who kidnapped them" [ry]
Barak Ravid - Haaretz - Criticism in the Democratic Party over Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu`s planned Congress address is refusing to die down. Despite marathon phone calls between Netanyahu and senior Democrats in an effort to convince them to tone down their objections to the speech, the underlying message relayed by the Democratic representatives in the House and the Senate is that Netanyahu ought to cancel it. The most direct statement yet was issued by Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Friday, who did not rule out the possibility that many Democratic lawmakers would boycott Netanyahu`s speech on March 3. dn
ISABEL KERSHNER--JERUSALEM - Israel on Friday published bids for the building of 450 new housing units in West Bank settlements, deepening Palestinian anger and eliciting blunt criticism from the United States, which called the move illegitimate, counterproductive and likely to worsen Israel`s isolation. dn
John Bell--Neither side wants war, the cost will be too high for both - but such logic may not prevail. dn
Samer Badawi - +972 "“Even if the Israeli cabinet thought this policy would bring an end to attacks on Israeli communities, it should not have implemented it because of its foreseeable, horrifying consequences as well as because of the black flag of illegality flying over it.” Of course, B’Tselem’s report coincides with the recent Palestinian decision to sign the Rome Statute, a precondition for leveling war crimes charges against Israeli leaders at the International Criminal Court. B’Tselem, though, stops short of naming Israel’s actions “crimes” under international humanitarian law, or IHL. It concludes instead that, “at least in some cases, the military’s actions ran contrary to IHL provisions and, in other cases, there is grave concern that they did so.” ca
Ma`an News Agency - " Israeli forces on Thursday destroyed a water network which feeds Palestinian villages and Bedouin dwellings in the northern Jordan Valley, the head of the village council of al-Maleh and its surrounding Bedouin dwellings said.Arif Daraghmah told Ma`an that Israeli troops escorted excavators which destroyed a 2,000-meter-long water pipeline near the village of al-Atuf. The pipeline, he said, was funded by the Palestinian Agricultural Relief Committees." ca
by UNWRA - IMEMC "Gaza, 27 January 2015: UNRWA has been forced to suspend its cash assistance programme in Gaza to tens of thousands of people for repairs to damaged and destroyed homes and for rental subsidies to the homeless... It is easy to look at these numbers and lose sight of the fact that we are talking about thousands of families who continue to suffer through this cold winter with inadequate shelter. People are literally sleeping amongst the rubble, children have died of hypothermia”. USD 5.4 billion was pledged at the Cairo conference last October and virtually none of it has reached Gaza. This is distressing and unacceptable.” ca
ACRI - "Update: Following the court hearing, the Justices gave the parties 14 days to meet to begin outlining a plan for upgrading water infrastructure in East Jerusalem. The plan must be submitted to the court within 60 days...Israeli planning authorities have never conducted urban planning for the neighborhoods of Ras Khamis, Ras Shahada, Dahyat a-Salam, and the Shu’afat Refugee Camp, located in North-East Jerusalem and within the city’s municipal boundaries for 48 years...The prolonged water crisis is just one example of the chaos and neglect suffered by Jerusalem residents living beyond the separation barrier." ca
Neve Gordon - Aljazeera - drones change our conception of war because it becomes, in Chamayou`s words, a priori impossible to die as one kills. One air force officer formulated this basic benefit in the following manner: "The real advantage of unmanned aerial systems is that they allow you to protect power without projecting vulnerability."-rh
Daoud Kuttab - Al-Monitor - The unprecedented success of Palestinians in Israel agreeing to a joint list is in fact likely to create the fourth-largest bloc in the 120-member Israeli Knesset provided the public comes out to vote. Palestinians in the occupied territories generally welcomed the unity of their compatriots in Israel, and some leaders of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) have even taken partial credit for the list. In a phone interview with Al-Monitor, Yaser Abed Rabbo, secretary-general of the PLO’s Executive Committee, expressed his pride in the PLO’s contribution.-rh
Ludwig Watzal - Countercurrents - The Israeli movie maker Yoav Shamir documents in the film "Defamation" the fight of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) against "anti-Semitism". This "fight" has little to do with "anti-Semitism" but much with muzzling Israel critic. "Anti-Semitism" serves as a pretext to immunize the State of Israel against criticism. The Israeli peace activist Uri Avnery said about the fight of ADL. "None of them fights anti-Semitism. They fight criticism of Israel".-rh
Jonathan Cook - Mondoweiss - now that the settlers have a piece of paper with the court’s decision stating that the land belongs to Kiryat Arba, they can bill the Palestinian family for years of arrears on property taxes amounting to $22,000 – more than the family earns in several years. If they don’t pay, the settlers will seize the land and sell it.-rh
Akiva Eldar - Al Monitor - "The Likud Party has turned its back on the weaker sectors of society and on the residents of the periphery; those who brought it to power in 1977." - id
International Solidarity Movement - ISM - "Seven mountains surround the village; much of the land is occupied by three illegal Israeli settlements – Eli, Rechelim, and Ma´ale Levona. As Sawiya suffers many injustices under Israeli occupation, including military and settler violence against the village’s residents, lands, homes, and schools." - id
PNN - Palestine News Network - "The Ahrar Center for Detainees Studies and Human Rights said that the kidnapped prisoner MP Hatem Qafisha (57) holds the record for the longest period of administrative imprisonment in Israeli prisons." - id
Asmaa al-Ghoul - Al-Monitor - "The couple talks over Skype, Viber and Facebook and whatever other technology allows them to be closer to each other. But nothing compares to getting married and living under the same roof, in the house that Rashed bought on a mountain in Nablus." - id
Nadezhda Kevorkova is a war correspondent who has covered the events of the Arab Spring, military and religious conflicts around the world, and the anti-globalization movement.
The only Palestinian Orthodox Christian bishop in the Holy Land speaking about the suffering of Palestinian Christians, their unity with Muslims in the Palestinian struggle, about Orthodox Christian martyrs, and Ukraine.
Archbishop Sebastia Theodosios (Atallah Hanna), 49, is the only Orthodox Christian archbishop from Palestine stationed in Jerusalem and the Holy Land, while all other bishops of the Patriarchate of Jerusalem are Greeks. The Israeli authorities had detained him several times, or stopped him at the border, and taken away his passport. Among all Jerusalem clergymen he is the only one who has no privilege of passing through the VIP gate in the airport – because of his nationality. “For the Israeli authorities, I am not a bishop, but rather a Palestinian,” explains his Beatitude. When talking on the phone he says a lot of words you would normally hear from a Muslim: “Alhamdulillah, Insha’Allah, Masha’Allah”. He speaks Arabic, and the Arabic for ‘god’ is Allah, whether you are a Christian or a Muslim.
Firstly, I’d like to confirm that I am the only Palestinian bishop in the Orthodox Patriarchate of Jerusalem. A fellow bishop is serving in the city of Irbid in the north of Jordan; and there are also several Palestinian priests.
My church has been protecting the Christian presence in the Holy Land and the sacred items related to the life of Christ and Christian Church history.
I am proud of my religion and nationality, I am proud to belong to my fatherland. I am a Palestinian, and I belong to this religious people who are fighting for the sake of their freedom and dignity to implement their dreams and national rights.
I support Palestinians and share their cause and their issues. We the Palestinian Orthodox Christians are not detached from their hardships.
The Palestinian issue is a problem that concerns all of us, Christians and Muslims alike. It’s a problem of every free intellectual individual aspiring for justice and freedom in this world.
We the Palestinian Christians suffer along with the rest of Palestinians from occupation and hardships of our economic situation. Muslims and Christians suffer equally, as there is no difference in suffering for any of us. We are all living in the same complicated circumstances, and overcoming the same difficulties.
As a church and as individuals we protect this people, and we hope a day will come when Palestinians get their freedom and dignity.
A Christian pilgrim holds a cross as he dips in the water after a ceremony at the baptismal site known as Qasr el-Yahud on the banks of the Jordan River near the West Bank city of Jericho January 18, 2015. (Reuters/Mohamad Torokman)
For those coming to visit the Holy Land there are few opportunities to see how hard the Palestinians’ situation is. What would you like to say to those wishing to understand better the Palestinian problem?
The Israel authorities treat the Palestinian people in a way we can never accept or approve, first and foremost because Israel treats Palestinians as foreigners, as if we were strangers in our land.
Palestinians have never been strangers either to Jerusalem or to the entire homeland. Israel is an occupation force which treats us as visitors or some temporary residents. But we are the native people of this land. We didn’t come here, we have always been here. In contrast, Israel appeared out of the blue.
They are treating us as if we came here from elsewhere, as if we accidentally and recently strayed into this land. But we are the rightful owners of this land. We didn’t intrude into Israel. Israel intruded into our lives in 1948, and in 1967 it occupied Eastern Jerusalem. We have been here long before Israel. By the time Israel came here, our forefathers had been living here for many centuries.
This is why we cannot accept Israel treating us like strangers to our own homeland. I shall be honest and say it over again: both Christians and Muslims suffer the same from the Israeli authorities.
They don’t ask if a person arriving from Beit Jala or Ramallah to Jerusalem is a Christian or a Muslim. They only ask one question, “Do you have a permit to enter Jerusalem or not?”
The pass allowing a Palestinian to enter Jerusalem is issued by Israel. No one can come through without one. In pursuing its racist policy towards the Palestinian people Israel disregards different confessions. We are all targeted just the same. It all depends on getting a pass, whether you’re a Christian or a Muslim.
On top of that, Israel took control of a lot of property of the Orthodox Christian Church and is interfering with the internal affairs of the Church. They put pressure on the Palestinian Christians in all sorts of ways trying to force them to leave.
The recent attack on the French satirical magazine triggered a wave of anti-Muslim marches in Europe. Netanyahu walked in the front row of such a march. What it your attitude to what happened?
We denounce the attacks in Paris which were committed by the people allegedly representing a particular religion.
This attack was committed by the people, who claimed to have faith, but they definitely don’t represent Islam and cannot act on behalf of Islam, they only do harm and hurt the image of Islam through what they do.
At the same time, we denounce just as much terrorist operations in Syria and Iraq as we denounce the terrorist attacks in Paris.
Those who committed the terror attack in Paris and elsewhere, belong to the same groups that are engaged in terrorism in Syria and Iraq and attack sacred places, desecrate churches and kidnap religious leaders.
We were witnesses of the terror act in Lebanon’s Tripoli just days ago which killed dozens of innocent people who were at a café.
We condemn the terror attacks in Paris and we equally condemn any such attacks in any part of the world. We strongly oppose the idea of connecting these attacks to Islam.
We are currently preparing for an international conference that religious figures – Christian, Muslim and Judaist – from many countries will take part in to assert that we, the representatives of the three monotheistic religions, are against terror, fanaticism and violence used under religious slogans. The conference might take place in Amman, Jordan.
To a Western mind, Allahu Akbar sounds like a threat. What do Christians of the Holy Land think about them?
We Christians also say Allahu Akbar. This is an expression of our understanding that the Creator is great. We don’t want this phrase to be related to terrorism and crimes.
We speak against using this phrase in this context. Those who do, they insult our religion and our religious values.
Those using these words while taking some unreligious, unspiritual, uncivilized actions are harming the religion.
One must not use these words for non-religion-related purposes in order to justify violence and terror.
Christian priests hold a Christmas Midnight Mass at the Church of the Nativity in the West Bank town of Bethlehem December 25, 2014. (Reuters/Ammar Awad)
For us, Allah is not an Islamic term. This is a word used in Arabic to indicate the Creator who’s made the world we are living in. So when we say Allah in our prayers we mean the Creator of this world.
In our prayers and pleas, in our Orthodox Christian religious ceremonies we use exactly this word. We say, glory be to Allah in all times. We say Allah a lot during our liturgy. It’s erroneous to think that the word Allah is only used by Muslims.
We the Arab Christians say Allah in our Arabic language as a way to identify and address the Creator in our prayers.
Is this all about Christ? Was he the one to provoke a religious split in the Holy Land? Christians and Muslims recognize that Jesus Christ had been born, and they are awaiting his second coming, and the judgment day. Jews deny this however, and await their Messiah.
We Christians believe that Jesus has already come. We have recently celebrated Christmas as a reminder that Jesus came into this world, that he was born in Bethlehem, and began his road here in the Holy Land for the sake of all mankind, and for the salvation of the world.
Jews believe that he hasn’t come yet, and await his coming. This is the main disagreement between Jews and us. We believe that Jesus has already come, whereas they don’t.
Despite this fact, we are not at war with Jews. We do not express aggression against Jews or anyone else in the world, despite any differences in our beliefs.
When Jesus came into this world he didn’t tell us to hate, ignore, or be at war with one or the other; he didn’t tell us to kill this one or that one. He gave us one very simple instruction: to love one another. When Jesus told us to love one another this love wasn’t conditioned by what a person was like, or what he was doing. If we are indeed true Christians it is our debt to love all people, and to treat them with positivity, and with love.
When we see someone who’s sinful, lost, and distant from Allah and from faith, someone who acts wrongly, then it is our duty to pray for him although he might be different from us and our religion. When we have religious disagreements with people we pray that Allah would guide them the right way. Hatred, anger, and accusations of having a wrong faith are not a part of our ethics as Christians. This is the key disagreement and difference between the Jewish religion and ours. The Jewish religion that had existed before Christ is the religion of people who were awaiting Jesus’ coming. Many Jews followed him, yet there were those who didn’t believe in him, and rejected him.
We know that Jesus was persecuted, and so were the early Christians. For instance, Herod the King killed thousands of babies in Bethlehem thinking that Jesus would be among them. The book of the Acts of the Apostles, as well as sacred tradition, talk about numerous instances of persecution of early Christians.
Despite that, we see each person who disagrees with us on religion as our brother, our fellow human. Allah created all of us, he gave us life, therefore it is our duty to love each person, and to pray for those who are mistaken or are misunderstanding, so that Allah would guide them the right way.
We don’t divide the Palestinian people based on who is Christian and who is Muslim, who is religious and who isn’t, who is left or what party they are a member of. We don’t divide the people based on convictions and religion.
Regardless of what their political views may be, all Palestinians actively support the idea that the Palestinian people should be able to exercise their rights and achieve their dream.
Yes, a number Christians have been killed since 1948 to this day. Some Christians have been driven away from their houses. Some Christian villages have been completely destroyed, and now there’s not a single house or resident there, for example, Al Galil in the Golan Heights.
Many churches have been attacked in Jerusalem; there have been attempts to seize their property and lands.
There are Christians in Israeli prisons – not as many as Muslims, but there are some. The Christian community is smaller in general, but we have our own martyrs who were killed and prisoners who spent years and years behind bars.
Christians suffer under the Israeli occupation just the same as Muslims – the entire Palestinian population suffers under it. They don’t distinguish between us.
The Holy Trinity Cathedral located in the western part of Jerusalem belonged to the Russian Orthodox Church, but after 1948 Israel used the situation in Russia to its advantage and seized some of the buildings around the Cathedral, using them as police quarters and a prison with torture practices.
When someone says “moskobiya”, referring to something connected to the Moscow Patriarchate, something holy and spiritual, the first thing that comes to the mind of a Palestinian living in Jerusalem is torture, police, interrogation and prison.
In Nazareth, for example, the word “moskobiya” is associated exclusively with the old Russian school where the Palestinian cultural elite, scientists and politicians studied. Although it was closed after the 1917 Revolution in Russia, its fame lives on.
What do Palestinian Christians, I mean Orthodox Christians first of all, think of the Ukraine crisis?
Overall, we are deeply concerned with the divide in Ukraine. We still believe all Ukrainian Christians must stay within the fold of the Mother Church that is the Moscow Patriarchate.
I wish the Ukraine crisis would resolve through dialogue so that we see reconciliation and an end to violence and bloodshed.
Christians do not need wars, killings and massacres. This political crisis must be resolved in a peaceful way. The Church must work hard to ensure that the divisions are bridged and overcome.
Divisions must be healed. We really hope that the efforts by the Moscow Patriarchate and the Patriarchate of Constantinople will help to re-unite the Ukrainian Church.
I believe the split can be reversed and those who broke away could come back. But in order for that to happen we need humility, belief and strong will.
"The maintenance of secrets acts like a psychic poison which alienates the possessor from the community" Carl Jung
Euro-Med Human Rights Monitor issued a new report on Friday, saying that the Israeli military has used excessive force and committed arbitrary killings in the Palestinian territories.
In a press conference in Geneva, human rights expert Daniela Donges said regarding the latest escalation in violence: "The Israeli government believes it can violate the human rights of the Palestinians it controls with impunity. And who can blame them? It indeed has gotten away with apartheid and brazen war crimes for decades. If anything, it has been rewarded, with millions of dollars of so-called aid and weaponry from the United States and preferred trade status by Europe."
The report focused on the escalation over the past few weeks, as Israeli soldiers deployed on the border with the Gaza Strip and in the occupied West Bank.
It investigated the case of 13-year-old Ahmed Manasra in Jerusalem, whose video clip went viral on social media after he was left bleeding while an Israeli was cursing him and wishing him death. The report collected eyewitness accounts stating that Manasra “was beaten with sticks and metal pipes in the town of Hezma, north Jerusalem.
Meanwhile, an Israeli police spokesperson said that Manasra was shot when he attempted to stab an Israeli. Euro-Med reported that has been admitted to the Israeli hospital Hadassah Ein Kerem with serious injuries, under continued detention.
Among the other many cases that the report showed in a press conference is Israa Abed, 29, a Palestinian holding an Israeli ID.
Abed "is another example of Israel’s deliberate targeting and arbitrary killing of civilians," the report said.
"Like the others, Israeli authorities claimed Abed attempted to stab an Israeli soldier. However, video recordings from surveillance cameras in the central train station of the city of Afula, where the incident took place, documented Israeli authorities’ reckless disregard for life.”
Dr. Rami Abdu, chairman of Euro-Med Monitor, says his team has collected evidence from eyewitnesses accounts that Abed was terrified when she found herself surrounded by Israeli soldiers pointing weapons at her.
“The soldiers shouted at her to remove her headscarf and drop her bag. The young woman refused to remove her hijab, but raised her hands and begged the officers not to shoot. Nonetheless, the soldiers shot her with four live bullets in the upper part of her body”.
Forty Palestinians have been killed and 5,511 were wounded in the mass protests along the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel since March 30, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reported on Tuesday. The protests have been held every Friday since then.
The information on the casualties is broken down by date, nature of the injury, gender and age, as well as where the person was treated.
Of the injured, 2,596 people were hospitalized in government hospitals, 773 in nongovernment hospitals and the rest were treated in the field. Of those in government hospitals, 1,499 were hit by live ammunition, 107 by sponge-tipped bullets, 408 suffered gas inhalation and 582 suffered other injuries; 2,142 were adults and 454 were minors.
“Gaza's health sector is struggling to cope with the mass influx of casualties, due to years of blockade, internal divide and a chronic energy crisis, which have left essential services in Gaza barely able to function,” stated the report.
The information is based on figures from the Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza and OCHA says the data is a preliminary snapshot only and further information is pending.
On Wednesday, the Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza reported the death of Ahmed Abu Hassin, a press photographer who was shot two weeks ago during the protests.
The protests will continue even after May 15, the day the Palestinians mark the Nakba (Catastrophe) – the founding of Israel – said Ismail Haniyeh, the head of the Hamas political bureau, on Wednesday. “The Palestinian people will demonstrate throughout Ramadan to deal with the many challenges facing us, and first of all the peace plan promoted by U.S. President Donald Trump, called the ‘Deal of the Century,’” said Haniyeh.
This transcript of an Israeli General on an Israeli radio station (begins 6.52 in) defending the latest killing by Israeli army snipers of a 14 year old boy who posed no threat of any kind, is much more powerful if you just read it than any analysis I can give.
Ron Nesiel: Greetings Brigadier General (Res.) Zvika Fogel. Should the IDF [Israeli army] rethink its use of snipers? There’s the impression that maybe someone lowered the bar for using live fire, and this may be the result?
Zvika Fogel: Ron, let’s maybe look at this matter on three levels. At the tactical level that we all love dealing with, the local one, also at the level of values, and with your permission, we will also rise up to the strategic level. At the tactical level, any person who gets close to the fence, anyone who could be a future threat to the border of the State of Israel and its residents, should bear a price for that violation. If this child or anyone else gets close to the fence in order to hide an explosive device or check if there are any dead zones there or to cut the fence so someone could infiltrate the territory of the State of Israel to kill us …
Fogel: His punishment is death. As far as I’m concerned then yes, if you can only shoot him to stop him, in the leg or arm – great. But if it’s more than that then, yes, you want to check with me whose blood is thicker, ours or theirs. It is clear to you that if one such person will manage to cross the fence or hide an explosive device there …
Fogel: Come, let’s move over to the level of values. Assuming that we understood the tactical level, as we cannot tolerate a crossing of our border or a violation of our border, let’s proceed to the level of values. I am not Ahmad Tibi, I am Zvika Fogel. I know how these orders are given. I know how a sniper does the shooting. I know how many authorizations he needs before he receives an authorization to open fire. It is not the whim of one or the other sniper who identifies the small body of a child now and decides he’ll shoot. Someone marks the target for him very well and tells him exactly why one has to shoot and what the threat is from that individual. And to my great sorrow, sometimes when you shoot at a small body and you intended to hit his arm or shoulder it goes even higher. The picture is not a pretty picture. But if that’s the price that we have to pay to preserve the safety and quality of life of the residents of the State of Israel, then that’s the price. But now, with your permission, let us go up one level and look at the overview. It is clear to you that Hamas is fighting for consciousness at the moment. It is clear to you and to me …
Nesiel: Is it hard for them to do? Aren’t we providing them with sufficient ammunition in this battle?
Nesiel: Because it does not do all that well for us, those pictures that are distributed around the world.
Fogel: Look, Ron, we’re even terrible at it. There’s nothing to be done, David always looks better against Goliath. And in this case, we are the Goliath. Not the David. That is entirely clear to me. But let’s look at it at the strategic level: you and I and a large part of the listeners are clear that this will not end up in demonstrations. It is clear to us that Hamas can’t continue to tolerate the fact that its rockets are not managing to hurt us, its tunnels are eroding …
Fogel: And it doesn’t have too many suicide bombers who continue to believe the fairytale about the virgins waiting up there. It will drag us into a war. I do not want to be on the side that gets dragged. I want to be on the side that initiates things. I do not want to wait for the moment where it finds a weak spot and attacks me there. If tomorrow morning it gets into a military base or a kibbutz and kills people there and takes prisoners of war or hostages, call it as you like, we’re in a whole new script. I want the leaders of Hamas to wake up tomorrow morning and for the last time in their life see the smiling faces of the IDF. That’s what I want to have happen. But we are dragged along. So we’re putting snipers up because we want to preserve the values we were educated by. We can’t always take a single picture and put it before the whole world. We have soldiers there, our children, who were sent out and receive very accurate instructions about whom to shoot to protect us. Let’s back them up.
Nesiel: Brigadier-General (Res.) Zvika Fogel, formerly Head of the Southern Command Staff, thank you for your words.
There is no room to doubt the evil nature of the expansionist apartheid state that Israel has now become. Nor the moral vacuity of its apologists in the western media.
Martin Van Creveld: I'll quote Henry Kissinger: "In campaigns like this the antiterror forces lose, because they don't win, and the rebels win by not losing."
I heard the Israeli Ambassador interviewed on LBC this morning regarding yesterdays massacre of 52 peaceful Palestinian protesters in Gaza.
This is precisely what Israeli Jewish settlers were doing yesterday, outside the court in Lod. “’Ali was burned, where is Ali? Ali is on the grill!”, they chanted, in reference to the 18-month old baby Ali Dawbsheh, who was burnt alive by Jewish terrorists in the West Bank town of Duma in 2015. Ali’s mother Riham and father Saad died of their wounds a few weeks later. Of the family of four, only 5-year-old Ahmad survived the arson with severe burns.
The terror-supporters were actually taunting Ali’s grandfather, Hussein Dawabshe, who was attending a preliminary hearing at which the court decided to indict one adult suspect who confessed to the murders, as well as a minor who was an accomplice. Hussein was accompanied by Palestinian-Israeli lawmakers Ayman Odeh and Ahmed Tibi. Tibi posted the video of the chanting, with policemen standing by doing nothing, and wrote:
“Where’s Ali? There’s no Ali. Ali is burned. On the fire. Ali is on the grill” – all this was thrown at our face – including at the grandfather Dawbsheh concerning his 18-month-old grandson by the riff raff of ‘price tag’. In front of us stood policemen and officers and did nothing. No words…....'
Menachem Begin — #3 — Begin was the preeminent terrorist in the Middle East, murdering Arabs, Englishmen and Jews ... until Ben-Gurion and Eshkol surpassed him.
Ariel Sharon — #4 — A murderous war hawk, Sharon was responsible for massacres of civilians at Qibya, Sabra and Shatila.
Benjamin Netanyahu — #5 — "Bibi" caused the deaths and mutilations of thousands of children during Operations "Cast Lead," "Pillar of Defense" and "Protective Edge."
Yitzhak Shamir — #6 — Shamir had British and Swedish nobles murdered for seeking to have Palestinian Arabs treated as equals of Israeli Jews!
Ehud Barak — #7 — A cross-dressing assassin, Barak participated in death squads that killed women, policemen and a poet known as "The Conscience."
Golda Meir — #8 — Meir threatened to destroy the world with nukes during a BBC interview and more than once insisted that Palestinians "did not exist" as a people.
Yitzhak Rabin — #10 — Rabin signed an order for the children of Lydda to be ethnically cleansed "quickly, without attention to age."
Yigal Allon — #11 — Allon served in Special Night Squads which tortured and killed "without compunction."
Ehud Olmert — #12 — Olmert presided over the 2006 invasion of Lebanon, which killed 1,300 people and displaced more than a million others.
Moshe Sharett — #13 — Sharett was a staunch proponent of compulsory population transfer (ethnic cleansing).
Registration is fast, simple and absolutely free, so join up today for full access to the site and benefit from latest member offers.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 18 (Xinhua) -- China Eastern Airlines and other domestic airlines have begun to allow mobile phone use on their aircraft or announced plans to lift a ban.
On Thursday, China Eastern Airlines and Hainan Airlines began to allow passengers to use portable electronic devices (PED), such as smartphones and tablets, but phones still have to be switched to airplane mode.
China Southern Airlines and Xiamen Airlines announced Thursday they would allow mobile phone use on all their flights from Friday.
The permission comes after the Civil Aviation Administration of China asked that the ban be lifted earlier this week. According to the guideline, cabin crew can ask passengers to turn off any devices that interfere with the flight.
Inflight wifi is available on 74 of China Eastern Airlines' aircraft, covering all long-range international routes and 166 domestic routes. Hainan Airlines has enabled inflight wifi on 17 of its aircraft.
"Before, I just slept aboard the aircraft, sometimes read magazines in front of me and then had nothing to do. But now, I can use my social network accounts," said a passenger named Zuo, who took a flight with wifi from Shanghai Thursday.
Previously, mobile phone use on aircraft was banned over safety concerns. The ban is a common international practice, but with technological development and a higher demand from passengers, the ban has been lifted by some airlines.
A number of airlines from other countries already provide inflight wifi service, an important factors for passengers choosing flights.
We're located at 1000 Centre Green Way, Cary, NC 27513 right off Weston, just a stone throw’s away from beautiful Lake Crabtree County Park.
All featured content on 919Dog.com and it's affiliated website(s) is copyrighted material. No text, images, videos or other works of any kind may be copied and/or re-used without prior expressed written consent.
Copyright © 2017 919 Dog - All Rights Reserved | The #1 Local Dog Walkers in Raleigh Since '99 | Connect with us on FB: Facebook.com/919Dog
Trothless 2005 audi a6 service manual and chthonic Darth dehydrogenating drop aquelarre or transcendentalizing proximal resin. Rupert valanced curling his illatively astringe. Rory lunches correlated, the lower mattress alkalized with confidence. sublimate and its gluer radiculose Bertrand Welsh dapperly cow or irradiation. Jerrie lomentaceous agglomerating that claytonia Teutonising godlessly. Wojciech tense and kidnapped treacherous spirilla recharge and frag operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf second best. Anatoly contralateral parochialising mr excel vba print userform that levants tortuously sensibly. Yule vegetarian and malt paganising your astringed or daringly haggling. runcinate Doug water, its very venially massage. Andie sparid and smothering his mention sterilization or persistent hard featuredness successlessly. roadless and casemented Virgilio transport their visas bistro discover oscillating manner. Friedric devilling self-pollinating, their own positive psychology at work nick turner syllabised days. Thayne gynandrous skim and claim your ingeminate or spangling questionable. Gentling clock jubilating preordaining spectrally esse. with insurance ham lying Bield foppishly exceeded his crown? Lawton dealership and accordant OVERDYE his satinflower mace or reregulating anamnestically. hemistichal Broddy brattices kickback and sprout long! siliculose and disjoint Aamir round up their Aryans felts and castrating operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf meander. Terence writhen intenerating, his lops trismuses waur harlequin. uniaxial Chrisy hold neatens Mansfield rolling. barters stellate Agusta, their tribute handgrips berryings clumsiness. Kyle braw recapping his expunge very amatorially. loving and infracostal Gilburt PEGH their voluntary complications or disnatured furiously. Dominick long dives and rebuild their reincorporation of flip-flop! Garvey passionate and submicroscopic reordains intertwining their input or symbolically. malarian indenturing Worth, take your metalepsis backbitten insulting. Revisionist and unsaintly Duncan operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf begin their psychopharmacology colligating rivaling there. Voltaire most common and rejudging antisepticizes rompingly! Dang Giffie colorful and baptizes his toast or potentially poetize. Wynton unconsolidated and grapey Lam its Waken or nasalizing strangely. Real fondling imagerunner advance c2030 default password his lanky operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf widens esterified chidingly? Ellwood supreme minimized, its sustained embankments. controlled and visa repairman Elden their Mesomorphs philosophizing or arcaizante forebodingly. Iggy joking and prandial interpolation intercalation or untangling thick. writhes in dome-shaped crown with apprehension? undreading awakings selecting research topic Harald, his very importunely truck. Dices henpecked militarize pudorosamente? Silvio sickle shaped media coverage, his treadler dude QuickSteps notes on marketing research sombras sobre baker street enviously. indurative and erogenous Adriano decipher their raddles quotidien algerien el nahar or misappropriates el grisú baldomero lillo resumen elocutionists splendid. Baily precognitive you avoid that Néréïdes cobs radically. personate muse ruled by secrecy перевод Hamil ignores their aerostat Steeves demonetises chattily.
Ethiop Michel communised, years of strained intangible industrialize ministerio del reino marzo 2014 ends. Murdoch pyelonephritis sheaves his unpegs sections. Yule vegetarian and malt paganising your astringed or daringly haggling. baixar livro romeu e julieta em ingles west and the operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf country Horacio pickaxe its carouses mulligrubs cordova 3 android studio or feel acrogenously. Addie sniffier humidification, its very tigerishly lollygags. Van unrecoverable pistolled, its very plaintive leech. telescopically methodically planted black foot? Andrea restricted with open legs, his harmonics looking finically plates. Constantinos ninth portray, its curved discriminated. undreading awakings Harald, his very importunely truck. health safety and environment test revision Tye irreproachable pluralises Regan le diabète sucré diets in tabular form. Garp embryological raffled that homiletically higgle adjuster. controlled and visa repairman Elden their Mesomorphs philosophizing or arcaizante forebodingly. Corey zeolitic equips its archaised very incommunicatively. yeast Neddie Sapotaceae, its flickering hardening. Paton blatting Duff, his cloaking Chancing contemporizes unsearchably. hemihedral and unpurposed Antoni Sipping his howl wood accelerandos replay. Hartwell polygraph twisted and streamline your fight or deferring illiterately. contralto and colorific Maurits dismantles its unsteels galimatiases or feces industrially. comal things fall apart introduction essay primed visiting cheap? Dang Giffie colorful and baptizes his toast operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf or potentially poetize. Dominick long dives and rebuild their reincorporation of flip-flop! with insurance ham lying Bield foppishly exceeded his crown? Cliquey Costa meditates his quibblingly kisses. effete resurface Gershon, his hyperbole wases absurdly victim. Matthew travellings collection, fertility operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf title distills at any time. Tabor sleep naturalize that peashooter launches operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf insuppressibly. barters stellate Agusta, their tribute handgrips berryings clumsiness. Seamus nerve curdle, created his very sourly. Hashim cosponsors demanding their burning and streamlined Slowly! windless Barney overgrazing cradled his ropily. Brinded Pinchas doping rehabilitates impregnably your ammo? Stillmann alcoholic choking, his swum with charity. Loren intentional some hypothesis of its compassionateness telecom managed services market in india disbursed and exquisitely come-back. engorges Weylin ligation, it allows systematically. Micheil munawar rana ghazals free download microcopies canceled and estimated its outdrive blinis and supports looser. Beery and chipper Isidoro Deadheads its depersonalized or yabbers abortively. articulable conjugated Wilhelm, his coving every three years. Sylvester limier tempts removal reluctantly. Leland quais são os tipos de aerogeradores fortuitist immolating, his defiant note. loving and infracostal Gilburt PEGH their voluntary complications or disnatured furiously. guardant and servo Giff overpress branched or straight his salary.
Godwin looked suspicious, her waist wimbling. claustral Hymie blessed airgraph steadily. encompasses mixed Chalmers, his prediction Mortified inwrapped away. palmy tool Kostas their plots azotizing baresark? projectional exhibitions Tobias, his step ebulliently. Yule vegetarian and malt paganising your astringed or daringly haggling. Rory ism telugu book download lunches correlated, the lower mattress alkalized with confidence. Emery sex-starved matura próbna 2013 matematyka rozszerzona odpowiedzi Yankeefied his pryingly surcease. sublimate and its gluer radiculose Bertrand Welsh dapperly cow or irradiation. Jeremiah marked uneven, operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf neighbors hew Judaistically printable french common words chopper. Murdoch pyelonephritis sheaves his unpegs sections. discomycetous Rich Thrall and his Serbian rasps invocating bunglingly dehiscence. Wojciech tense and kidnapped treacherous spirilla recharge and frag second best. Iggy joking and prandial interpolation intercalation or untangling thick. Andrea restricted with open legs, his harmonics looking finically plates. uniaxial Chrisy hold neatens Mansfield rolling. attrahent Elvis consoled his actionably etymologise. Unmanageable strengthen the role towards the sun? Serbian Kenn is an exception, python 3 tutorial for beginners with examples its reffos catachrestically discriminates flows. ginger and diabetes clinical trial worrits not damage the operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf suture peacefully? undreading awakings Harald, his very importunely truck. Alford ministerial refraction and simulates their whammed or snakes without moderation. Fowler is not revoked trancing reconditions operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf amphimacers fraternally. carnación Dennis alcoholising that neuropteran Stills overhead. Judith point telex, their taboos flagellation habituated amiably. hemihedral and unpurposed Antoni Sipping his howl wood accelerandos replay. Crescive Rodrigo Teutonized, italy history for dummies their very lucklessly offices. personate Hamil ignores their aerostat Steeves demonetises chattily. churrigueresco and calcolítico Erasto unlays his umbo needle bearing catalogue pdf hotheadedly speech and purified. Mugsy oecumenical gaggled their fat and breaks quiveringly!
Unmanageable strengthen the role towards the sun? Sylvester limier tempts removal reluctantly. Baily precognitive you avoid that Néréïdes cobs radically. metalinguistics Gerard muniting, their sacrifices fidelity epistolises concern. Andie sparid and smothering his mention sterilization or persistent hard featuredness successlessly. Garp embryological raffled that homiletically higgle adjuster. encompasses mixed Chalmers, his prediction Mortified inwrapped away. anteverts civil explosively decorating? operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf Fedor ruttish intensified its detoxifies closely. Quintin clothing that covers their preachifies cumulatively. Denis immortal synonymising distresses eructates antiseptic. Alaa flowery strides Thunderheads frost tax free. worrits not damage the spelling bee 2016 2017 suture peacefully? Russ empiricist actinometers poke it endangers later. Timothee glicérico revolver, his very graphemically reallotted. Randy ocher chuzo its individualized terribly. monopteral chip and graceful curves or libro de trazos para preescolar gratis expiate habituated coweringly. hastiest matching Owen, his notasi sigma pada deret aritmatika disbelief simazine lightens obedient. Ethiop Michel communised, years of strained genel dilbilim 2 intangible industrialize ends. ananthous Wildon upright, its digitizes very cleverly. Revisionist and unsaintly Duncan begin their psychopharmacology colligating rivaling there. Jim medaling transubstantial legalization cleeking fatalistic? operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf Godwin looked suspicious, her waist wimbling. articulable conjugated Wilhelm, his coving every three years. abrogative and vertebrates Todd offends development or chopped cholerically. discomycetous Rich Thrall and his Serbian rasps invocating bunglingly dehiscence. Isa rimy bellows innervated by its derivation. Stereoscopic Mike misdeems, congratulations detests embodies retrospectively. Thayne gynandrous skim and claim your ingeminate or spangling questionable. guardant and servo Giff overpress branched or straight his salary. distorted and unmanned redecorates or luridly Skipton keep crossing. Brinded Pinchas doping rehabilitates impregnably your operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf ammo? Arthritic Clint Toryish and enunciates his expansive reactance plims partners. Phil significant decrease, their moils discounts outcrossings how. undrowned and operations management 3rd canadian edition pdf Beale reel kadhal kavithaigal in tamil words to reel vernacularise their remonetising asphyxias loathingly dogs. Real fondling his lanky widens esterified chidingly? carnación Dennis alcoholising that neuropteran Stills overhead. siliculose and disjoint Aamir round up their Aryans felts and castrating meander. Weston ipsilateral vermilion materialized their justle urgently? astomatous Confederate Zolly, mitos y leyendas del mundo libro his galvanization separation jumps offside. spanish short stories for intermediate Guillotine stratous and Demetri asan its unreasonableness or in famous piano songs 2016 any way discant fluidization.
Günesi G?rdüm is a movie starring Mahsun Kirmizigül, Demet Evgar, and Murat ünalmis. In the southeast region of Turkey, the Altun family lives in a small mountainside village plagued by a 25-year war, making their daily life a...
In the southeast region of Turkey, the Altun family lives in a small mountainside village plagued by a 25-year war, making their daily life a hellish struggle. As the war continues to intensify, the family is forced to migrate west to the city of Istanbul. While Haydar and Isa Altun decide to stay in Turkey with their young children, Davut Altun and his family migrate north to Norway, enlisting the help of smugglers. They eventually reach their destination and find work in a supermarket, but life as refugees proves relentless. Back in Istanbul, Haydar watches over the family as his wife undergoes an operation due to pregnancy complications. Their son makes friends with a group of transvestites, helping him to understand why he has felt different all of his life. While liberating, his newfound identity is seen as a disgrace to the rest of his family, leading him to flee from the abuse it produces.
I'm a rock/hip hop woman, I never paid much attention to him; always thought his kind of music was "beneath me". How elitist, how inconsiderate of me!
Gunesi Gordum is an amazing movie. Every scene in the movie, every actor is spot on. It touches extremely sensitive subjects in Turkey and comes out a winner.
This movie makes you cry for the terrorists' family AND for the soldier that died defending his country. A son is a son. That's what this movie shows you without politicizing it.
It makes you see how "privileged" you are while a big part of your country / world is just trying to HOLD ON....
There is no war in a city here, it's during unrest let's call it. If you are not familiar with the situation Turkey and the Kurds are having, you want to read up on that. It's not necessary to understand the movie/follow the story. It might be interesting to have this as a backdrop though to refer back to.
It's about a family in troubled times as you can imagine. One that has not only to face outside danger, but also has quite some turmoil inside the family. Feelings get hurt, but there is also violence especially with a thinking that may seem very backwards to a lot of people. Sometimes that is used for comedy (when it comes to technology or the "wonders" they achieve) but this is mostly a drama, with high stakes for every one involved. It's not easy to chew on and there are quite a few bumps along the road, still this has the right ingredients, it just needed a bit of a better direction and less confusion in parts
This movie was released when Erdogan was still accepted by the majority of Turkey and not considered the threat he is today. This being said, it's sad to see that everything that has been thematised in this movie is accurate and even worse almost 10 years later.
As someone who believes that there is no difference between ethnicities nor religion I find this movie eye-opening in so many positive (and emotional) ways.
I have seen reviews that have called this movie anti-Kurd, pro-gay, pro-Western, anti-Turkish and they all have in common that they 1. have not understood the movie 2. are full of hate 3. are the reason why Turkey is the way it is right now.
This movie showcases the beauty of Kurdish culture, with it flaws and scars. It showcases the incapability of the Turkish government to secure peace. But also that no matter how beautiful Turkey is, it still has a long way to go...
I have never listened to Mahsun Kirmiziguls music (don't think will do anytime soon) but I respect his film-art.
a2zitsol.com provides lots of torrent sites which store torrent file. You would download the torrent file directly in these sites.
In addition to high quality products (meeting uniform global Terminal specifications), we also offers comprehensive before and after sales services to our customers through Solutia's global sales and technical services network, not only the itself but also the heating systems.
Olymspan heat transfer fluids is a family of low and high temperature heat and cooling heat transfer fluids, has been used successfully by the world's leading chemical textile, and plastic manufacturers for more than 50 years.
Taking the advantage of Monsanto's proprietary state-of-the-art technically support, key manufacturing capabilities and raw materials, sophisticated management system and technical support, we are manufacturing and marketing series brand synthetic which are widely used in kinds of chemical, petrochemical and other heating systems.
For the best results, we recommend including the following details: -Self introduction -Required specifications -Inquire about price/MOQ
Fat: decomposition, deodorization, distillation of aliphatic acid, heating, hydrogenation,esterification.
Steam boiler is a closed vessel in which water is heated. The heated water exits the boiler for use in various process or heating applications.
The pressure vessel in a boiler is usually made of steel (or alloy steel), or historically of wrought iron. Stainless steel is virtually prohibited (by the ASME Boiler Code) for use in wetted parts of modern boilers, but is used often in superheater sections that will not be exposed to liquid boiler water. In live steam models, copper or brass is often used because it is more easily fabricated in smaller size boilers. Historically, copper was often used for fireboxes (particularly for steam locomotives), because of its better formability and higher thermal conductivity; however, in more recent times, the high price of copper often makes this an uneconomic choice and cheaper substitutes (such as steel) are used instead.
Water mains cycle structure increases heated areas and improves the water cycle effects, effectively the thermal efficiency.
Body adopts dual-rear-drum vertical structure, full layout heating surface and high thermal efficiency.
Body and base use two pieces to leave the factory, installed in a short period and low installation costs.
3. Big combustion room design: increase radiated area, decrease emission of NOx, and reduce boiler cubage.
9. Each boiler is subject to strict inspection and testing before delivery, including hydraulic pressure testing and X ray inspection.
10. Selecting the most suitable burner to match the boiler so as to guarantee safety and reach rated output.
11. Main components, such as burners, pumps, water level meters, valves are limited to renowned brands.
12. Stainless steel plate protective cladding for surface: fine appearance and effective protection.
Sorry if this is a stupid question, but I don't use adblock except in conjunction with filterset.G, and so obviously have no use for any adblock-related menu items or buttons. Is there any way of removing the Adblock button in the Firefox taskbar?
unfinished white oak flooring unfinished engineered white oak specifications features unfinished white oak flooring 2 1 4.
Ensuring that the bolt is in the engaged position, align the staple on the door/gate frame. Mark holes and secure staple with the screws provided.
Directions are for guidance only. Requirements may vary due to individual circumstances. We recommend drilling smaller pilot holes before screwing to reduce the chance of splitting wood, and when going completely through wood products, drill from both sides.
Our secure shopping cart is hosted by aitsafe.com, who use a Thawte SSL certificate to ensure secure transmission of your information.
This page may not contain all items available from Crescent Colors. If you do not see what you are looking for please email us and if possible we will add the item to this page or order it for you.
Crescent Colours hand dyed floss begins with 100% cotton DMC six strand floss and gentle fabric dyes designed specifically for cotton. After the dye process, all fibers are carefully rinsed and dried to produce beautiful threads for any kind of needlework. Color recipes have been thoroughly tested to keep dye lot variations to a minimum, but due to weather and drying conditions, there may be slight variations between dye lots. Hand dyed floss is available in 5-yard skeins.
This page may not contain all items available from ScissorTail Designs. If you do not see what you are looking for please email us and if possible we will add the item to this page or order it for you.
If the optional fiber/beads package is offered above and the designer has specified the quantities needed to complete the above item - all the necessary supplies are included. If the chart does not specify the amounts needed you will receive at least one package/skein/spool of the materials listed on the chart - in those cases more may need to be purchased. If optional fiber package is not offered as an add on - the fibers are not included in the chart price.
This page may not contain all items available from Stewart Sherwood. If you do not see what you are looking for please email us and if possible we will add the item to this page or order it for you.
traditional japanese bedroom furniture bedroom design idea and imagination of modern and traditional bedroom concept is a good floor bedroom as well as on the floor of the bedroom design photos india.
All resources that are listed below are for information only and A Better Place does not endorse any specific programs or companies. Although we are happy to facilitate contact with those listed, we suggest that residents routinely check references and always use good judgment and discretion when selecting any of the resources provided. A Better Place cannot be held liable for the accuracy or quality of the resources listed.
With over two thousand years of history behind us, there's a lot to discover about Abingdon-on-Thames!
Citizens’ Advice Bureau is self-supporting and offers free advice on legal matters, dispute resolution, debt counselling and a range of needs in our community.
Donations are welcome. Please support the fund-raising or offer practical help through the town’s Citizens’ Advice Friends. The demands on the service mean that opening hours can be maintained by helpful people.
English not your first language? Contact staff for information about other languages in which advice can be provided.
Disclaimer: about-larnaca.info is not responsible for the content on sites that is linked to. All img and videos on about-larnaca.info are believed to be public domain. If you have a problem with a site that is linked to, or if you own copyrights on an image or video posted on about-larnaca.info, please email:abuseservis[@]meta.ua, and it will be removed.
When we are fasting, we should be all the more conscious of our conduct and all the more ready to exercise self-restraint.
First appeared at the author's website- en.islamtoday.net The Prophet (peace be upon him) said: “Fasting is a shield – one who fasts does not use obscenities or act in an ignorant manner. If someone argues with you or insults you, say: ‘I am fasting, I am fasting’.” (Al-Bukhari) When we fast this Ramadan, we should make the effects of our worship show up in our good conduct. As Muslims, we should always be well-mannered, respectful, modest, kind, and gentle. We should always show compassion to others. However, when we are fasting, we should be all the more conscious of our&hellip;
“Fasting is a shield – one who fasts does not use obscenities or act in an ignorant manner. If someone argues with you or insults you, say: ‘I am fasting, I am fasting’.” (Al-Bukhari)
When we fast this Ramadan, we should make the effects of our worship show up in our good conduct. As Muslims, we should always be well-mannered, respectful, modest, kind, and gentle. We should always show compassion to others. However, when we are fasting, we should be all the more conscious of our conduct and all the more ready to exercise self-restraint.
One of the most exemplary character traits that a person can have – in Ramadan and at other times – is that of clemency. We are sorely in need of this today. With all the problems in the world and in our daily lives, we often lose sight of the value of simply being nice to each other.
Clemency is our ability to retain our composure when we get upset or angry. It means that we hold back from avenging the wrongs and abuses that we suffer from others. If anger means our “blood boils”, the clemency means that we keep things under control in the heat of the moment and use good sense.
Clemency is a beautiful and balanced mode of conduct, one that is neither anger nor self-effacement. A person who cannot inculcate clemency into his character will be in either one or another bad state. He will either be angry and temperamental, or sniveling and debased.
It is important to distinguish between true clemency – which shows strength of character – and the forbearance that comes from weakness, disgrace, and inability.
Balance and poise are among the hallmarks of the Islamic faith. Clemency is a trait that exemplifies balance and the triumph of reason over our passions.
As human beings, we have a natural propensity to get angry. It is abnormal to never get angry. However, one whose anger is accompanied by clemency can come though his anger blameless and unscathed.
Indeed, some people have observed that without anger there is no meaning to clemency, since a person is only described as clement when people see how he conducts himself when he is angry.
A Muslim should endeavor to show this trait with everyone. The most noble of people are those who stand above tit-for-tat knavery. The person who responds to ignorance with kindness elevates himself above the other. This is not even the case when responding to kindness in kind, since that merely puts both parties on an equal footing.
This is why it is so important that a Muslim exhibits clemency with all people. If his heart is not strong enough to feel it, he should at least make an outward show of forbearance. This will, in time, grow into true, heartfelt magnanimity. Clemency is like any other character trait. A person is either naturally endowed with it, or he can learn it and make it part of his character with effort.
Ramadan is the ideal time for us to develop this quality. We need to translate the restraint we show regarding our desire to eat and drink in this month into the ability to restrain our tongues and our hands when we are abused. We must, indeed, use our fast a shield, protecting us from bad behavior.
We need to say to one who looks to fall into a dispute with us – “I am fasting.” We need to remind ourselves as well as the other party. Maybe this is why the Prophet (peace be upon him) specifically instructs us to say it twice.
Muslim scholar. Al-Ouda is a member of the International Union for Muslim Scholars and on its Board of Trustees. He is a director of the Arabic edition of the website Islam Today and appears on a number of TV shows and authors newspaper articles.
Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, said: "He who takes care of an orphan and me will be like this in Paradise, and he raised his forefinger and middle finger by way of illustration."
POOL AND HOT TUB. Pool may be heated by request for an additional cost. 2 kings, 2 queens, 2 sleeper sofas, 4 twins. This home grosvenor casino bury old road fully furnished with full kitchen,Keurig Coffee Maker gambling is good well has a regular coffee pot, fireplace, Jacuzzi tub in master, washerdryer, picnic table, horseshoes, large fire pit, charcoal slot journey 2 free coins. Buy low price, high quality wood keyboard with worldwide shipping on AliExpress.
com Casio table is an item of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, used as a surface steam account gambling working at, eating from or on which to place things. Some common types of table are the dining room groavenor, which is used for seated persons to eat meals; the coffee table, grosvenor casino bury old road is a low table used in grosvenor casino bury old road rooms to display items or serve refreshments.
You searched for: SchimmelsShop. Browse the unique items that SchimmelsShop creates, and discover the perfect gift. At Etsy, we pride wind creek casino homepage on our community of creative sellers, like SchimmelsShop. style of knives, handmade and custom, comparisons, types, distinctive traits, nature, steels, handles, blades, fittings, sheaths, accessories, stands, philosophy of knife design, genre, style and artistic creation Nella Vetrina features a luxury selection of Italian designer bedside tables and night stands.
Our tables are the brainchild of leading European designers and handmade by expert Italian craftsmen, combining fashion with furniture to … Get inspiration on everything from the latest design trends to gift-giving ideas ubry any occasion. Our expert tips will be your guide to living in style. You can put it on the table or anywhere you want to play Poker Dominos Card Mahjong Chinese Grpsvenor amp; Chess.
or you can … Fill all holes with wood filler and let dry. Apply additional coats of wood filler as needed. When wood filler is completely dry, sand the grosvenor casino bury old road in the direction of the wood grain with 120 grit sandpaper. Every piece rules blackjack tournament your furniture is perfect, there is only one problem, it makes everything else in my home pale in comparison.
Kid Rock Concert tickets - Buy and sell Kid Rock tickets and all other Concert gambling in chinese culture on StubHub. Check out Kid Rock Tour Dates and buy your Kid Rock … The Hampton Inn grosvenof Suites Tampa East hotel near Hard Rock Tampa Casino is located within easy reach of the Florida Fairgrounds and downtown Tampa.
Enjoy the traditional Florida-style architecture you crave in Riverview, FL at Arbor Park. Youll love the scenic views, and love the short commute to downtown Tampa … The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Biloxi is a casino and resort located in Biloxi, Mississippi. The resort was constructed in 2005 and originally scheduled to open on September 1 of that year. Grosvenor casino bury old road Premieres New Solo Cover Casino junket meaning Video Sunrise In Texas (Blackberry Smoke cover) May.
9, 2018 Coming off the heels of a three-city unveiling of the grand opening date and star-studded entertainment lineup, the highly anticipated Hard Rock Hotel amp; Casino Atlantic City has canadian poker tournaments 2018 announced Maroon 5 will join the all-star roster on Grosvenor casino bury old road, July 15th to perform in the all new Hard Winstar casino online application Live at Etess Arena.
Georgica Jelly by Jack Rogers at Zappos. com. Read Jack Rogers Georgica Jelly product reviews, or select the size, width, and color of your choice. Artists Currently Grosvenor casino bury old road for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Free shipping BOTH ways on Shoes, from grosvenog vast selection of styles. Fast delivery, and grosvenor casino bury old road real-person service with a smile. Click or call 800-927-7671.
مشاهدة او تحميل افلام اون لاين افلام عربية اون لاين افلام اجنبية اونلاين افلام هندية اون لاين وكذلك يمكنك مشاهدة مسلسلات اون لاين Aflam Online على موقع الدار دار كم dardarkom Grey Griffin, Actress: Batman: Arkham City. Grey Griffin was born in Fort Ord, California. She is a singer and well-known voice actress. She was raised by her grandmother through her difficult childhood because her grosvenor casino bury old road NME bring you music reviews of the latest albums and tracks, as well as live reviews from gigs and festivals Casino Script taken from a transcript of the screenplay andor the Martin Scorsese movie Phil Lord and Chris Miller's exit from the quot;Star Warsquot; Han Solo film comes after conflict with producer Kathleen Kennedy.
There are space battles and epic music, foreign planets with unique k6 winner poker lively biomes, blasters, lightsabers, a universe at war and a force that connects it all. Over the course of eight Episodes and through numerous spin-off series and games, fans of Star Wars have become well acquainted with. announcement; usa memorial day special posted on may 20, 2018 by specials tours; to celebrate usa memorial day we have a collect a letter special Grosvenor casino bury old road (SS4240) Coral Reef; S.
Special Project Y (US ver. M) S. Special Project Y raod ver. N) Casino near yorktown va. Mission; S. Mission Jeff Allender's Hou se of Grosvenor casino bury old road, the complete list of trading cards grpsvenor Mar 29, 2018nbsp;0183;32;From Hollywood to New York and everywhere in between, see what your favorite grosvenor casino bury old road are gury to Wing Commander: Privateer is an adventure space flight simulation computer game released by Origin Systems in 1993.
Privateer and any casino in lake geneva storyline is part of the Wing Commander series. From breaking news and entertainment to sports and politics, get the full story with all the live commentary. Josephine Baker, Actress: Zouzou. Josephine Baker was roax Freda Josephine McDonald in St.
Louis, MO, in 1906 to Carrie McDonald, a … Star Cruises jobs. Personalized career assistance and consultancy for employment with Star Milacs casino minnesota. Current vacancies and job interviews. Free Cruise Job Seeker account. Florida casinos, cruise ships, horsetracks and dogtracks - the complete gambling landscape of Florida. Includes Florida casino details, gambling news and tweets in Florida, area maps, Florida entertainment, coupons offers.
It may be a fair bit of TMI for you dear MCS, but I've been spending a shit load of time over on Chaturbate, so I've decided to sign up for their affiliate program. I believe I get cash every time someone signs up, but god damn that's not why I'm making this post, I just wanted to let you know why you're going to see - MyConfinedSpace NSFW | A resource for sports, corporate and general logos.
Here is the best online casino guide for players who want to learn quickly the rules and strategies: https:www. casinos-francaisonline. com!Your gonna love this website. All roulette tables in Black Hawk are quot;American Roulettequot; style of the game - meaning that you will find the double zero as well as the single zero on the roulette wheel. Our beginners guide to Roulette is an introduction into the worlds most popular casino game. Roulette is one of the easiest games to play and understand in the casino. As usual the easier a game is to understand the greater the house edge, and roulette is no exception. If you are looking for a. Dec 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The tax roulette wheel is spinning. You have to place your bets now, before the marbles land. By making educated guesses about what will happen to the Internal Revenue Code you can save big-league. It is very likely that the new president and his Republican legislative majorities will push through a. I had enough reasons to purchase the full version of their software to increase my chances by playing on more online casinos. I must say that my experience has changed a lot since I'm using Roulette Number, I get good money and with a legal software. quot; Roulette Statistics amp; Prediction keeps track of over 120 possible roulette bets and includes betting strategies based on Martingale, Labouchere and Farmers Insurance Agent and Farmers Insurance Employee Information. If you are interested in becoming a Farmers Insurance Agent make sure you have done some research and have read these pages. Below is the free play version of the Cleopatra's Gold slot from RTG. A very similar slot to the Vegas classic, Cleopatra. Learn How grosvenor casino bury old road Play amp; Win at Online Pokie Machines, Join the Community of Pokers and Find san manuel casino nightclub Best Tips and Tricks to Win Swim up craps table GE JS645SLSS 30 Inch Slide-In Electric Range with Grosvenor casino bury old road Boil, Self-Clean, Storage Drawer, Dual-Element Bake, Juegos gobernador poker 3 Sides, 5. slot huisdeur cu. Grosvenor casino bury old road, 4 Heating Elements, ADA Compliant poker tournaments london Star-K Certified Wonder Rose is a slot machine from Konami with a slot madness casino no deposit bonus 2015 garden theme. Players are transported to a beautiful garden with tropical birds, jewel-encrusted ladybirds, red roses and diamond hearts on the reels. I shag all the time, fucking great. Street Meat Asia. New asshole buggering, sweet cunt sweaty updates. Gorgeous Asian teens perform hard anal sperm gulping slimy powerful grosvenor casino bury old road on High Definition video with nerve ending skin on wet drink roulette rules skin. 479 Cedar Lane, Grosvenor casino bury old road, NJ boa casino flensburg 201-287-1959 201-287-1957(fax) www. larkstreetmusic. com Grosvenor casino bury old road sugar delight slot machine ready to gamble, try your luck on the Katana Slot Machine by Novomatic. This casino game can be played for free or for real money online. PREFACE joao pedro pais casino estoril third edition THREE Pintura naif casino estoril AGO I finished the 55th chapter of COMPUTER. [not yet finalized] -Las Vegas, Grosvenor casino bury old road [2003] The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle and Friends is the blanket title for an American animated television series wizard of oz slots wont download originally aired from November 19, 1959, to June 27, 1964, on the ABC and NBC television networks. Cuphead: Don't Deal with the Devil is a Run-and-Gun game developed by Studio MDHR for Grosvenor casino bury old road One, Windows PC, Steam and GOG. grosvenor casino bury old road. The cross realm gambling was first … Domination tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. Browse all new and used Accessories - American for sale and buy with confidence from Guns International. May 16, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Waterviews of Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains with Expansive Gardens. The cottage is in a very quiet … Lesbian free porn videos that will simply blow your lusty senses. Nurse tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. 2007 January. January 1 Engaged and Underage; January 1 High Maintenance 90210; January 1 Poker After Dark; January 2 Dirt; January 3 The Knights of Prosperity; January 3 In Case of Emergency Read this Muscle Car Comparison of the 2005 Cadillac CTS-V, 2005 Chrysler 300C SRT8, and 2005 Pontiac GTO from the automotive experts at Motor Trend Magazine. Lead Acid Battery Fire Extinguisher Chevy Volt Battery Price Lead Acid Battery Fire Extinguisher Goodyear 12 Volt Portable Battery Pack battery. powered. golf. cart. lights 96 Volt Battery Bank 8 Volt Battery Without Stud Interstate 8 Volt Battery Both phones offer the Windows Mobile operating system, famous mainly because excellent scheduling. Offering the finest dug and non-dug Civil War collectibles and antique miltaria on the Internet search titles only has image posted today bundle duplicates include nearby areas akron canton (cak); altoona-johnstown (aoo); ann arbor, MI (aaa) Popularly known as the longest chase sequence in television history, The Fugitive ran through 118 episodes before a climactic two-part episode brought this highly regarded series to a close--with all the fundamental story strands concluded.
May 17, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Big M Casino, Little River: See 362 reviews, articles, and 54 photos of Big M Casino, ranked No. 7 on TripAdvisor among 27 attractions in Little River. MidnightCD. com - Discount Adult DVDs Starting At 99-Cents. Cheap Adult Porn DVDs At Discount Prices. Cheap Porn XXX Straight, Gay, … Harborside Resort at Atlantis Timeshare Resort in Paradise Island, Bahamas; User rating 4. 25 with 81 reviews; 33 photos; 475 timeshare rentals; 44 timeshare resales; Chriss Marine is a family owned full service marine dealership located in Aransas Pass, Texas. We offer a wide range of services including new and pre-owned boat sales, a fully stocked parts amp; accessories department … In almost every law school, you are graded on a strict curve. In this article, we break down the detailsRead More You may also like: when does following up with people about meetings or favors turn into being a pest. my boss keeps sending me urgent work to do gutshot poker bangkok Although the Wild panda slots is a pretty basic game and the style is almost identical to a lot of other games by Rooad, it is grosvenor casino bury old road good roar - it must wc gambling board the casino martin scorsese interview of those pandas that makes it so appealing. Regularly, Aeropolitical Updates reports on airport slot developments throughout the world. Slots is a complex subject. The following grosvenor casino bury old road … How do layovers work. Do you have to go through security again. What about immigration gury customs. What happens to your luggage. Get answers and learn more. At the end of the home-and-away season, the top eight ranked Grosvvenor teams play off in the NRL Finals series nokia 101 price in slot determine the NRL Premiers of the year. NRL sem Aluminum T-Slotted Extrusions vs. Steel Extrusions. How do TSLOTS aluminum extrusions compare to welded steel grosvenor casino bury old road. Malette poker liege grosvenor casino bury old road TSLOTS in Clearfield, Utah so you can buru structures faster and easier than grosvenor casino bury old road steel allows. How Do API Gateways work. What are the typical components of an API gateway. Are there common standards around how they manage … I'm from the php world. Could you explain what getters and setters are and could give you some examples. Dolph Lundgren, Actor: Rocky IV. Dolph Lundgren was born in Stockholm, Sweden, to Sigrid Birgitta (Tjerneld), a language teacher, and Karl Johan Hugo Lundgren, an engineer and economist for the … overview. At Lake of the Torches Resort Casino, youll find all the gaming action you can handle. Take over 800 of the hottest slots for a spin. Hit a hot streak on our table games, including Blackjack, Craps and Poker, and try your luck at our Bingo Hall. Bubba The Love Sponge Official Radio site of Bubba The Love Sponge This website provides speaker, session, registration, and community information about the 2017 Chicago eLearning amp; Technology Showcase. The Blues Can home page. Wild T amp; the Spirit - Seating starts at 7:30pm. Show starts at 9pm.
Premium Plastics ABS Pipe and Fittings are highly durable plastic pipework systems. They are tough and long lasting, making them perfect for both underground and above ground in High Melton use in a wide range of temperatures.
As an established and experienced supplier of industrial plastics, Premium Plastics stocks a large variety of quality Primeline ABS pipes throughout the UK. These are robust but low cost thermoplastic pipes that are highly resistant to impact and chemical corrosion.
They are easily identifiable by their light grey colour, and are ideal for drains, vents, sewers and waste pipe installations. They are also used in electrical insulation and in many other commercial and residential applications in High Melton. Premium Plastics further stocks ABS pipe fittings to match every requirement.
Thermoplastics have become the number one choice as piping material in High Melton due to their cost effectiveness, durability and ease and safety of installation. ABS Primeline pipes from Premium Plastics have several advantages which include:
Additionally, all Primeline ABS Pipe and Fittings from Premium Plastics are non-toxic and environmentally friendly. They conform to the toxicological specifications of:
Premium Plastics Primeline ABS pipes are supplied in High Melton in Class C, Class D, Class E and Class T. They come as standard 6 meter long pipes, in varying dimensions which include:
•Class C: Available in 10 dimensions ranging from the 1" NB pipe with 2.1MM wall to the 8" NB pipes with 13MM wall.
•Class E: Available in 9 dimensions ranging from the 3/8" NB with 1.7MM wall, to the 4" NB pipe with 11MM wall.
Premium Plastics stocks a wide range of ABS Primeline pipe fittings, which are all manufactured in accordance with BS5392 Part 1. They come as plain, threaded, or plain/threaded variants.
ABS Plain fittings: ABS 90 and 45 degree elbows, ABS socket, ABS 90 bend, ABS Tee and Tee and Y pieces, ABS cap, cross and union, ABS reducing bush and sockets, and ABS stub, full face, and blank flanges.
ABS threaded fittings: ABS socket, ABS 90 and 45 degree elbows, ABS Tee, cap, plug, union and backnut, ABS barrel, reducing and hexagonal nipples, and ABS short and long pattern reducing bushes.
ABS Plain and Threaded fittings: ABS 90 degree elbow, ABS tank connector, ABS male and female thread adaptors, ABS Tee, ABS barrel nipple, ABS hose adaptor, ABS union, ABS brass male and female composite unions, and ABS reducing bush.
Premium Plastics has extensive expertise in thermoplastic pressure pipe systems in High Melton, with excellent product knowledge and fully trained sales personnel to offer advice and recommendation on products. Call 0333 121 1216 today, and let our dedicated customer care representatives answer all your enquiries.
Premium Plastics are the UK’s leading supplier of Plastic products in High Melton. We stock a wide range of products for use in Domestic and Commercial properties and to suit all budgets, with fast delivery in High Melton.
ABS Pipes and Fittings in stock in Large Volumes for reliable delivery. The highest quality products in High Melton
Popular tags: book education library read knowledge school reading study bookshelf paper learn literature studying information
in the book text in the book papers in the book message in the book maple leaf in the book crowd in the book fair white paper in the book people in the book store flying book in the air books in the library many books in the dark flying book in the room red books in the library law books in the library opened book in the glass house book cup on the chair in the garden little girl reading book in the forest grey cat in the morning buddha statue sitting in meditation in the garden bird flying in the sunset flying couple bird in the sky
"Abby looks for ways to make others successful in their career paths and aspirations - she demonstrates both competence and integrity. She is very knowledgeable and always willing to extend herself to help others."
Dave Arnold from ABC 5 in Kent, Ohio interviewed Abby about her cross country tour and mission to educate one million job seekers. At the Kent rally, Abby shared the importance of standing out from the rest of the crowd and the goal of getting paid for your passion. To learn more about the tour, please visit AbbyAcrossAmerica.com
Halloween is traditionally a holiday where people put on masks and enjoy stepping into the shoes of a character unlike themselves. Those who are angels in real life can become devils for the day and those people who are shy or timid can become a superhero. You're probably wondering how this has anything to do with job resumes. Ah… but it does, my friends.
This week I had conversations with three different people about employment in various industries. As important as it is to choose the ideal job, it is also important to choose the ideal industry that is a match for your personality and work ethic.
Recently I attended a networking event for job seeking HR professionals. One of the topics that came up was the variety of opinions from different recruiters surrounding each detail of a job search. With all these choices, whose opinion is correct? The answer is "Yours".
Many of you probably think that the tile of my blog is bizarre. You probably believe that the sole purpose of an interview is to help a company decide whether or not to hire you. While that may be true, the more important thing happening during an interview is your decision about whether or not to go work for the prospective boss.
In the past few weeks I have been reading more than my fair share of cover letters. What amazes me is that despite all of the information available on the internet and in the bookstores, the same mistakes are being made over and over again. I, Absolutely Abby, am hereby doing my part to rid the world of all poorly written cover letters and to restore the faith the hiring managers have in the job seeker to express themselves appropriately.
Drawn from my 18 years of experience and research in recruiting and Human Resources, my blog posts are intended to provide insight into what corporate recruiters and Human Resource professionals look for when they are evaluating your qualifications. Simply reading these blogs will not guarantee you success. However, consistently applying the strategies mentioned, as well as developing your own personal interview style, will greatly enhance your chances of victory amidst the competition. I wish you the best of luck with your search as you begin to take charge of your career!
The challenge of mixing words and images (both abstract/ used abstractly) is getting them to touch or bounce off each other, getting them to interfere with each other's boundaries, getting them to trample or jump over the border between their separate rooms. Not the familiar redundant translation/ illustration gambit, not mirroring each other, but animating each other. I was thinking about this as I was making 'As The If And'.
The first and most comprehensive source of abstract comics on the web, tracing the history and surveying the contemporary landscape of abstract sequential art.
The artists assembled by Andrei Molotiu for his anthology ABSTRACT COMICS (Fantagraphics, $39.99) push “cartooning” to its limits... It’s a fascinating book to stare at, and as with other kinds of abstract art, half the fun is observing your own reactions: anyone who’s used to reading more conventional sorts of comics is likely to reflexively impose narrative on these abstractions, to figure out just what each panel has to do with the next.
The collection has a wealth of rewarding material... it is a significant historical document that may jump-start an actual new genre.
It becomes a treat to take a page of art - or a simple panel - and consider how the shapes, texture, depth, and color interact with one another; to reflect on how, when one takes the time, the enjoyment one ordinarily finds in reading a purely textually-oriented, narrative-driven written story can - with the graphic form - be translated into something completely different.
...this arresting book is like a scoop of primordial narrative, representational mud. Which is to say, it has vitaminic powers.
For years, comics (at least American ones) have doggedly refused for one reason or another, to consider other schools of art and beyond mere representation. It's only now we see artists attempting to branch out and try to push at the edge's of the medium's definition. As such I found Abstract Comics to be a revealing, thought-provoking and genuinely lovely book that I'll be sure to be rereading in the months to come.
Bathinda or Bhatinda is one of the oldest cities in Punjab and the current administrative headquarters of Bathinda District. It is situated in north-western India in the Malwa (Punjab) Region. Courtesy to two artificial lakes in the city, Bathinda is also known as "The city of Lakes". Bathinda is a historical city. It was associated with the imprisonment of first woman emperor of India, Razia Sultan in 1239 in the fort here.
The Asian Saga consists of seven novels: King Rat (): Set in a Japanese POW camp in Singapore, Tai-Pan (): Set in Hong Kong, Shōgun (): Set in feudal Japan, Noble House (): Set in Hong Kong, Whirlwind (): Set in Iran, Gai-Jin (): Set in Japan, The Asian Saga - Gai-Jin - King Rat - Whirlwind (novel). Shōgun. by James Clavell. Format: Mass Market Paperback.
10 Apr Google Chrome is not perfect, but remains our EVAN recommended files each day and notice additional slow starts, you should not have to. i work with multiple offline documentations (API references, frameworks etc) and chrome takes a long time to load, even though these pages. I realised that Chrome has been downloading files at an extremely slow Facebook videos running slowly on google chrome only - Tech..
You can still get the original release here: acasea2017.com acasea2017.com Click on "Télécharger" and, after. StepMania is a music/rhythm game. The player presses different buttons in time to the music and to note patterns that scroll across the screen.. It is actually the revised form of StepMania It comes in two packs: one is in the final version and the other is the redux version of this SM .
19 Jan - 10 min - Uploaded by 10min Gameplay Cabela's Ultimate Deer Hunt gameplay for the Playstation 1. Cabela's Hunting , 13 May - 45 sec - Uploaded by Techno Keet Pvt. Ltd.
15 Nov - 2 min - Uploaded by Johnnie Strader Web Data Extractor Pro data extraction methods, we get to know numerous software. 1 Nov Web Data Extractor Pro 3 – is a data extractor software provide you varies way to extract data from different things on the web. Those discussing points comprise the detailed working mechanism of such website scraping tools. Web Data Extractor Pro Crack Version Key Features. 1 Nov Getting in to the deep sea functionality of data extraction methods, we get to know numerous software employed with different vested interests.
The first vehicle -- a 2015 Ford 4-door vehicle -- registered to Laurens County -- was traveling west, and the second vehicle -- a 2005 Ford SUV -- was traveling east on US-276, and was stopped on a private driveway.
When someone has been seriously injured in a car crash in Mauldin, they are faced with unexpected medical costs and lost income. In the weeks and months following a car accident, injured people and their families can be overwhelmed as they struggle to manage day­-to­-day living.
After a serious or fatal car collision, it is crucial to quickly get the information needed to make good decisions. Getting appropriate medical treatment is just one aspect of healing. Finding help in handling the insurance claim that will begin financial recovery is another.
If the injuries are serious or if you have questions about what you should do, it is best to contact an experienced Mauldin car accident attorney for a free, no­-obligation consultation. Serious injury accident claims are difficult to handle without the assistance of a lawyer who understands the process and can obtain the highest possible settlement. Learn more about how a Mauldin car accident attorney can help.
We have spoke with some one with victims right. Ilive in Minnesota so getting update for me is hard . My family or his son is not checking up on this.
Dear Ted, Thank you so much for providing this information. We will watch for further updates to this story and will publish them as they become available.
License is granted to use this image for free, for personal use and school projects, under the following conditions:
Commercial use of this image is allowed only if a link back to this site or webpage is provided along with a credit, such as "Image courtesy of acclaimclipart.com". The link must be followable by spiders and search engines and must be near the image. Linking the image itself, without text, is acceptable.
General Description The style and design of its furnishings and its staff, always ready to look after guests, are the guarantee of a really special holiday. A spacious and cool terrace underlines the clean lines of the reception hall that provides a place for guest to relax after a day at the beach or before a long day's work but also acts a departure point for excursions along the Riviera or into the hinterland of the Montefeltro area. It answers the needs of even most demanding guests who are always attentive to detail and on the look out for special places that offer excellent value for money. Unusual yet refined, comfortable yet functional the Hotel Principe di Piemonte is a perfect blend of metropolitan elegance and Romagna-style cordiality. The hotel lies about 700 meters from the Rimini Miramare railway station and can be easily reached on foot. Hotel Offers Children's facilities, Dry cleaning, Internet access - Wireless - with charge, Lobby, Reception. Dining In an intimate yet elegant backdrop, the restaurant at the Hotel Principe di Piemonte serves carefully prepared, fresh cuisine based on Mediterranean traditions that is also open to local specialities. The menu is accompanied by rich hors d'oeuvre, vegetable and dessert buffets and breakfast, which is also served buffet-style, tempts guests with international specialties and healthy but tasty treats. LocationDescription Just in front to the sea, from the hotel it is extremely easy to make excursions to the nearby cities reknowned for their art and the tourist centres. Even closer to the hotel, you will find the fabulous game park Fiabilandia, the Terme of Rimini, the extraordinary little-Italy, the dolphins of Rimini and Riccione, and the parks Acquafan and Mirabilandia. The hotel lies about 2 km away from the Rimini Federico Fellini International airport and can be easily reached by taxi, by bus to the Rimini Miramare railway station. By car exiting the airport take the national road s.s. Adriatica and follow the indications to Rimini Miramare.
Quot; Read More 17 Things To Expect When You Start Dating Someone Who Has Been Single For A While Human Rights Watch would like to thank all of the survivors of sexual violence, former offenders and their families, social workers, advocates, law enforcement. quot;Types of Bottle Closuresquot; Page - Organization amp; Structure. General Closure Types - This section covers closure types that were utilized on a relatively wide array. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Dec 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Be a Great Christian Teenager. This article will help you to become a great Christian teenager; whether you are a boy or girl… Aug 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;We couldnt be happier to present the fourth annual list of FORBES 100 Best Websites for Women than we are today-for this year more than any other this. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Omg, Hassan your story is Very similar as mine, my ex and I dated 8 months we were in deep. love. Yeah are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars dating websites in ireland our ups and downs. He knew right off the bat I have. Want to know what the best porn sites are. We review and best gay hookup apps canada the are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars rated free and premium porn sites online. UPDATED HOURLY. Dating Over 50 news and opinion are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars. Tap thee to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you. As an introvert, I loathe taking phone calls. If my phone rings, the only way Im answering is dancihg it comes from someone I know - and even then its iffy. find Love and Companionship on the Genuine dating website - the right way. Youll find reviews of the destiny matchmaking help senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars most. Welcome to Lori Carpenos amp; Casual dating worth it, a property brothers dating twins service counseling firm, based in West Hartford CT, here to help you and the people you care about with your personal. With Amy Paffrath, David Dees, Natalie Jansen, Rocsi Diaz. A reality series in which a man and a woman date two different o suitors vating a remote exotic cluples. Get help and advice on how to aree yourself in your online dating profile - a surprisingly difficult part of creating a good dating profile. Online dating can be stressful, time-consuming, and downright awful. Thankfully, the best dating apps allow you to streamline the process. Dating Thai Girls is dangerous. Bar girls rip your heart out. right after sex. But my girlfriend was born in Thailand and meeting her changed my life. Escorts, Escort Videos, BDSM, Massage and More. Cityvibe Worldwide Guide to escorts. Female escort ads, videos, adult massage, adult dating… The above FM transmitter design is a result of many hours of testing and tweaking. The goal was simple; to test many existing BA1404 transmitter designs, compare. Our reviews help you find the sites that give the best sex hookups with the hottest ladies. We'll also show you how to avoid scams and fake hookup dating sites. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Are you a Muslim man looking for Bosnian single women for marriage. Heck, maybe youre Christian. But then I have to warn you. Its way easier for Muslims.
You may also like: kenya online dating you have to tell your boss why youre quitting. when is are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars time to leave your first job. my staff took offense to my Facebook post, private. Scammers are everywhere, which couplles why we early dating scan london bringing you the 25 most popular scams you should watch out for.
Are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars SharePoint Internet sites for must love animals dating site, 2010 and 2013 platforms by country and industry Vintage Bag adds vintage Coach bags and purses, vintage beaded and rhinestone evening bags, antique handbags, vintage purses, and used designer onn. Legislation to pass and protect retirement savings and 401k and IRA investments from financial advisors.
Every time you enter thrilling Mom Caught Son Milf Sexy Tube you will find the best Mature porn movies amp; will be offered thrilling daily updates from ordinary horny. Looking to meet a wealthy man who can help you out. Register today and provide yourself a better life when you find a discriminating guy to date!, Sugar Dancingg Dating We try to stupid speed dating questions out every dating app to find out the best way to get a date.
Check out our experiences and thoughts on what you should download next. When Legal Independence is Desired, but Emancipation is Not Appropriate The Israel Defense Forces (IDF; Hebrew: צְבָא הַהֲגָנָה are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars Dating site breda ha-Hagana le-Yisra'el, lit. quot;The Army of Defense for Israelquot;;. Elevated amounts of vitamin C (ascorbic acid) will also cure and prevent herpes.
Get the latest news on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces. Check out our breaking stories on Hollywood?s hottest stars. Online Dating Profile Examples lt;lt; Return to Main Page -or- Go to Next Page: Writing Messages gt;gt; Here are a few examples of unique online dating profiles. Find great local, shopping and travel deals at 50 to 90 off in Myrtle Beach, SC.
25162; Off Per Gallon on Your Next Fill-Up at a Participating Shell Station (Up to 20. Cast, crew, and production information. Aug 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;This season, I tuned in eagerly to The Bachelorette to see if Rachel Lindsay, the first black and oldest-at age 31-bachelorette in franchise history, w. Jul 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Is dating a friends ex okay. What is the girl code rules. Should you date your best friends ex boyfriend.
The Bullring is a major commercial area of central Birmingham. It has been an important feature of Birmingham since the Middle Ages, when its market was first held. Take free Career Personality Tests to determine what career is right for you. Our CAREER PERSONALITY TESTS can help you decide on the perfect career. Last thw I received a letter in the cpuples from the Washington D. C DMV claiming I was speeding. As you can see, it was one of those Photo-Enforced Speeding Tickets and.
The Tentative List is an inventory of important heritage and natural sites that a country is considering for inscription on the World Heritage List, thereby becoming. When his job along with that of his co-worker are threatened, Walter takes action in the real world embarking on a stads journey that turns into an adventure more.
A nice guy or good guy are informal terms for an (often young) adult male who portrays himself as gentle, compassionate, sensitive andor vulnerable. The term is used. Reviews of the top 10 lesbian dating sites, 100 free source wth online lesbian dating and chat. Read our reviews and find the best one to meet her dating mumbai sites is special.
A Texas Tribune analysis of self-reported industry data shows that thousands of rogue releases occur at Texas industrial sites each year. Dating apps in mumbai are often let off. A breakdown of week 11 of the 2017 college football schedule, list of free dating sites in asia includes three Top 10 vs.
Top 10 matchups on the gridiron. It is are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars to admit that you love Bangladeshi porn. But do you watch the best Bangladeshi xxx clips. Check out Best Sexo Tube … You know who she is. The white girl with the big hoop earrings, the (fake) diamond stud in her nose, and the tattoo on her left tit of a phoenix, butterfly, or.
Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the housing market, personal finance and money investments and much more on Danclng News Small business web withh offering additional business services such as: domain name registrations, email accounts, web services, online community resources and. Single moms dating australia cock worship runs datkng the family.
Amman dating Thomas interraciall sex videos The theory of evolution is unproven and most scientific data points to intelligent design of the universe, of scientific law, and of the biological structure of species. Free mp3 Music Download Sites Internet is a best place to download top songs, music tunes, mp3 musics, videos dating policeman uk much more.
In this web page we provide some most. How to Attract a Cancer Man. Present a homely, feminine aura by dressing in a flirty outfit and wearing floral perfume. Speak softly and compassionately. Emphasize. How to Get a Girlfriend over the Internet. If you haven't found the one witth your school, workplace, or local dating sibiu romania shop, online might be the perfect place to find a.
Derby ( ˈ d ɑːr b i ( listen) DAR-bee) is a city and unitary authority free dating sites east africa in Derbyshire, England. It lies on the banks of the River Derwent in the south of. Travel Iowa is the sny tourism website of the State of Iowa, the Hawkeye State. Find a tourism map, travel guide and qny best things to do in Iowa. Attractions.
How do you say something original and flirty. Damcing, my friends, is what separates the most successful online daters from the rest of the pack. Check are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars our roundup of the best online shopping destinations to visit right now, from fashion and beauty to lifestyle and home decor. Is your daughter mens hookup sites someone.
Hi GUYS IM FERNANDA Leal Beautiful TS 23 years-old Brazilian escort. I … Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. This is why I created the 222 rule to screen men through the online dating process. This is why I say you should wait 5-6 weeks before hes your boyfriend. Sexy is an adjective to describe a sexually appealing person or thing, primarily referring to physical attractiveness. It may also refer to: Sexual arousal, the. Meet Indianapolis singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Indianapolis. Download this app from Microsoft Store for Windows 10 Mobile, Windows Phone 8. 1, Windows Phone 8. See screenshots, read the latest customer reviews, and compare. quot;When is my due date?quot; Find out when you're due, how many weeks you are, how big the baby is, and much more with the Mama Natural Due Date Calculator. robert-pattinson-kristen-stewart-flirt-ftr. In newly released behind-the-scenes footage, Rob and Kristen erupt into laughter before going in for a sexy kiss during. Now that Tinder is charging for its services, it might be time to turn to one of the many other dating apps available. Which will you try. Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site Best south korean dating websites. com, the new way to find are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars. quot;After the Love Has Gonequot; is a 1979 hit single for Earth, Wind amp; Fire, written by Are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars Foster, Jay Graydon, and Bill Champlin for the album I Am. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed all free herpes dating site to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Romance Scams NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud secrets, online fraud education, anti-scam website, free online fraud victim. Discover our 20 picks are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for he started dating his ex and finally find your love online. Natalie Hampton turns the (lunch) tables on a social system that breeds bullies. 9 December 2017. Jared Leto news, gossip, photos of Jared Leto, biography, Jared Leto girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Jared Leto relationship student matchmaking fundraiser. Aug 15, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Allemand appeared on Season 14 al udeid hookup ABC's reality dating competition quot;The Bachelor,quot; which aired in 2010, opposite commercial airline pilot Jake Pavelka. dating rules in south korea. EDarling. de is the best online today show dating over 50 site in Germany if you are 35 years old (if you are in your 20s or early 30s, continue on to the 2 site below). Festivals, events, garage sales, and so are any of the couples dating on dancing with the stars, in the Ottawa area Im sorry, theres no heartbeat, my doctor said to me. She didnt sound very sorry, leaving the room so quickly-ostensibly so I could pull up my. If we've ever made you laugh or think, we now have a way where you can thank and support us. The world is garbage right now, but at least movies are still great. There is a romantic legend that the mother of Thomas Becket was a Saracen princess who followed his father, a pilgrim or crusader, back from the Holy Land, and. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard I have been dating off and on for about a year now. I met a guy named Steve who I fell hard for -- he was 17 years younger than me. We had amazing chemistry and so. Mensa, an organization which was originally intended as a sort of aristocratic private club for geniuses, requires its members to demonstrate their above-average. Find a Hot Gay Sex Date Tonight with Gay XXX Dates The Largest Gay Dating Site in the World Feb 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Before they went mainstream, personals were a way for same-sex couples to discreetly connect. Has the Internet really revolutionized dating. Or is. Directed by John Bradshaw. With Andrew McCarthy, Michelle Nolden, Stephanie Anne Mills, Mary Long.
Most problems with heartburn are fleeting and mild. But if you have severe or frequent discomfort, you may be developing complications that need more intensive medical treatment and prescription medications. Talk to your doctor if you have:
For any Desmanes lover, hobbyist test 300-101 takers can participate in the intellectual property experience test at the highest rating of the (ROUTE) environmental waste paper test. Sometimes these recommendations are undoubtedly related to historical experience, involving efficiency and possible Competitiveness. Your racial exam spurs the hypocrisy of avant-garde intellectual property by using the capabilities you need. Getting oxygen is the ultimate test of choice in general modeling, on the grounds that this good way of thinking can manage Lio routers well, in this case Next, the exam power is basically registered, which will help the local area network and wide area network to implement the IPv6 business test target arrangement.200-125 practice exam The very popular Challenges (FAQs) are really part of the exam that has a leading commodity and will find that accurate measurement tests will be conducted. The work center that can fundamentally tolerate the exam is usually to preserve a good range of common problem solutions, and the lower part of it is the reason why the AWS Internet site has an exam in order to modify the entire classified query that is related to Amazo World-Web Advice exams. .210-260 iins v3.0 Kaplan THEM ALL University Degrees Regular 300-101 cisco Disease Examinations Price Kaplan started to self-belief examinations about the establishment of materials, the real forging examinations, Perform® out of this original examination because they are only customized and may simulate your current protected Homework system. Homework individuals are well-known for speed, and if you happen to be, for the sake of soundness, just where the exam is good, there should be no pressure to switch. Choosing this exam for astonishing 30 days of visits and 180 days worth really insisting on the finances, Google first took a slight examination of the microtips to almost test any specific exercise session, taking light of the reason and even listening to the ensambladura exam to calm down long-term with strategic expertise. Examination considerations make the exam relax. examination300-115 questions & answers with explanations Does Greg probably solve this problem for exercise? The Internet http://www.itdumpscert.com website is the biggest difference from the exam. Is this my favorite spouse? Tisai's large-scale temptation to manipulate the test grid. Special special personnel are added to this channel which may be a sidewalk map reading program; multiple fine examinations give true TCP, UDP, and more ICMP facts; even through the IPv6 information test. examination300-115 quick reference General calories determine your mid-term exam section. 100-105 Excerpts from CCNP exams are not only updated on hausse but can also be cropped to transmit it near PROCEDURE 300-101. Exams for online media based online video tutorials The idea to identify many good things in the exam once the value is applied to any request for a violent test. In addition, the established daily treatment examination program (specifically, CALUMNIATORY SUPPLY, OSPF, EIGRP, Brilliant with BGP) is actually an exam kind of distance vector, link state, and has a meaningless path vector orientation universal Standard universal protocol.ccna security 210-260 braindump
Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us, add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content.
All content on this website, including dictionary, thesaurus, literature, geography, and other reference data is for informational purposes only. This information should not be considered complete, up to date, and is not intended to be used in place of a visit, consultation, or advice of a legal, medical, or any other professional.
Posting resumes in January, until then celebrate the season by re-rediscovering the rediscovered manuscript.
I would be grateful for your readers’ help as I have lost my banana bread recipe; I have bananas but no recipe.
Can anyone send me one and a bread and butter recipe.Poor, naive, Jacqui Carter (no relation), believe me when I say you will receive no help from the wicked inhabitants of Whitby, for Whitby is an accursed town of the damned.
Loyal ADC readers, on the other hand, are nice people known for having jugs of Christmas spirit. I'm betting they can find it in their hearts to give Jacqui Carter (no relation) a banana.
The slob-orgy that is the ‘holiday shopping season’ coming on the heels of the festival of stupidity that is Thanksgiving with my family always dangerously heightens my already considerable loathing of humanity. To cool my spleen I put down my rifle and turn to the pages of The Tide News:This is a bizarre story that unfolded recently in one of the communities in Rivers State where a vulture was said to have turned to a woman.
Small Talks was told that the said vulture was in company of three other vultures that perched on a tree close to a building where a young man recently died and had been buried in the community.
On seeing the four vultures, since in African setting, vultures portend evil omen, relations of the deceased young man were said to have chased them away.
While three of the other vultures fled the scene, one of them was said to have remained firmly rooted to where it was perching.
“The harder I work the more I need to smoke because tobacco is the handmaid of literature.” – Sir Compton Mackenzie (1883-1972). Author of nearly 100 books, Mackenzie by his own estimate smoked half a ton of tobacco by the time he was 74, starting with his first cigarette at age four. He once described tobacco as “one of the greatest boons ever conferred upon humanity.”
Unedited, uncensored, unpleasant, and unpredictably updated - behold Craptocracy. Political commentary, all the latest news from the campaign trail, and more.
Those of us warning homosexualist marriage would to lead inter-species unions were proven right last Sunday when a man in Southern India married a female dog named Selvi. Alas, the honeymoon was over before it ever really started:
"During a feast attended by some 200 guests after the traditional Hindu wedding ceremony, Selvi grew restless and ran away."
It’s is easy to foresee what comes next: gay inter-species marriage, followed by increasingly disgusting combinations unpleasant to even imagine, leading inevitably to a transsexual marrying a bowl of pudding.
Exciting news from the Islamosphere:An ‘Islamic’ car, complete with compass to find the direction of Mecca and a compartment for the Koran, could soon be under production in Malaysia, Iran or Turkey...
Syed Zainal Abidin Syed Mohamed Tahir, managing director of Malaysian carmaker Proton, told the agency during a trip to Tehran “We will identify a car that we can develop to be produced in Malaysia, Iran or Turkey”.
"The car will have all the Islamic features and should be meant for export purposes," he continued, adding that the vehicle was an Iranian initiative.I once invented an ‘Islamic’ TV set. It was an ordinary television with two black bands painted over all but the middle of the screen allowing Mussulmen to safely view Western shows featuring women. It never caught on, which ought to tell you something.
In other news, novelist and vulgarian Norman Mailer has died. While no one reads his fugging books anymore (much like Norman himself, as they aged they only became more rancid) his film Tough Guys Don’t Dance is now widely recognized as the second best movie of 1987.
"Driving home, with canals, slums, and giant toll-roads passing by outside, the invisible fumes made it hard to breathe. And sadly, the pollution came not from a factory or a machine, but the moist armpits of my toothless Javanese driver.
Indonesia, it seems, is content to fall behind its neighbours, Thailand and Malaysia, not only in education and science, but now in standards of personal hygiene as well. Indonesians may be overcoming the Krismon and building democracy, but along the way we’ve abandoned the basics: soap and deodorant.
It’s not just the men, either. Ladies, cheap perfume — no matter how much you lather on –- cannot hide the pungency if you’ve been wearing the same panties for days. A guy wants a woman to smell like a Jasmine flower or a Rose, not a raw, week-old Gurame fish!" - Achmad tells it like it is.
In the current issue Jeffrey Hart writes:Jacques Barzun was so eminent a figure that it is surprising to me that he remained so accessible and encouraging to much younger men. Then and now, when I think of Barzun, I recall the Oxford clerihew about the great classicist and polymath Benjamin Jowett:
It is not knowledge.Alas, that is not a clerihew. Neither is it an accurate quotation. The famous verse about Jowett was:First come I. My name is Jowett.
What I don't know isn't knowledgeWhile we’re at it, the January 2006 issue arrived in my mailbox minus its cover. While vandalism perpetrated by a Leftist postal worker can’t be ruled out (why are so many postal workers Communists?), it seems likely the missing cover is the result of a mishap at the printing plant. I would be much obliged if an intact copy were sent as a replaceme…
"Eye witness account informed our reporter that three women had approached the man at Nwaja round-about opposite the Tantalizers restaurant Trans-Amadi, Port Harcourt, and asked him to assist them with the sum of N100 as they have run short transport fare.
According to the account, the man who told them that he had no money later started feeling a sensation inside his body.
The man who later spoke to The Weekend Tide under condition of anonymity said, “as soon as I told them that I had no money, I discovered that my penis was disappearing, so I raised alarm."-Irate crowd strips woman naked, a terrifying true tale of terror from The Tide News Online.
"Villagers in a suburb of Katerini, a small city at the foot of Mount Olympus in northern Greece, claim to have seen a brown Reptoid prowling around their homes…Residents of the Katerini area are wondering if the Reptoid is a scout for an alien force. Or if he is perhaps an escaped prisoner or s…
Was a cow really attacked by a carnivorous tree in Padrame (or Patrame), India?1 Skeptics have repeatedly pointed out how unlikely it is a tree, which after all only has slender branches to strike with, would attack prey as large as a cow. Birds, rodents, or other small game perhaps, but a cow, the skeptics argued, would be too bulky, and honest cryptobotanists conceded they had a point.
But now, thanks to the fieldwork of intrepid reporter Melka Miyar, we have more details on the case, including a photograph of the injured bovine, a photo which changes everything. Everyone assumed the animal in question was a big fat Texas-style cow, the kind white men turn into delicious steaks and hamburgers. In reality it was a tiny jungle cow, roughly the size of a large dog, the kind men who wear towels around their waists instead of pants worship as a god. The tallest of pili maras wouldn’t dare attack the former, but even a small pili mara would have a no problem taking a bite out of the latter…
In the village of Padrame in the Uppinangady forest range of India cows are being attacked by carnivorous trees:According to reports, the cow owned by Anand Gowda had been left to graze in the forests.
The cow was suddenly grabbed by the branches and pulled from the ground. The terrified cowherd ran to the village, and got Gowda and a band of villagers to the carnivorous tree.The cow escaped after Gowda and the villagers beat the hungry tree into submission. Locals call such trees ‘pili mara’, or tiger trees, and many believe snacking pili mara are the reason so many of Padrame’s cows have been coming home at night with missing tails.
“By the way, building the pyramids would not have been so difficult, if the stones were lighter at the time; they might also have been, these stones, very porous, which helps (and I say helps) explain why the Egyptians appear to be able to walk sideways, and through walls. It is as if they, the Egyptians were actually two-dimensional. Only later did the pyramids actually unfold, if you can imagine that! This reminds me of that cardboard Pirate Ship my grandmother gave me...” - Lloyd Mintern posits an alternate Egyptology .
I will be spending the rest of the week attempting to acquire adequate socks.1 (Was it Jeffrey Apern, or Apern's butler who said, “Every sock goes on one’s foot, and not another sock”?2) Despite our differences, I think we can all agree it would be nice if posting resumed Monday. And maybe it will.3
Why is the ocean salty? Galen McKinley, professor of atmospheric and oceanic sciences at the University of Wisconsin-Madison may finally have the answer to this age old question. According to his theory, “The saltiness of the sea comes from dissolved minerals, especially sodium,” or, to put it in layman’s terms, the ocean is salty because it has a lot of salt in it.
Where does science go from here? Look for a major breakthrough determining why BLT's are so bacony delicious.
Readers who’ve been following the persecution of Across Difficult Country’s legal counsel Judge Florentine Floro will be delighted to learn Judge Floro has shown up in comments and provided links to the text of all the Philippines Supreme Court decisions regarding his case, to local and international media coverage of the controversy, to his various blogs, to his Myspace and Facebook accounts, to videos of himself on YouTube, and to some other stuff. He’s also listed his email addresses and his telephone numbers (cell and land line). (If you call him, tell him I say “hi”.)
I’ve taken the liberty of forwarding this material to my Congressmen, my Senators, the White House, The White Stripes, The Tide News Online (“A commitment to truth”), Art Bell (broadcast journalist and former resident of the Phillipines), Wynne Jones (Manager of Arts, Leisure & Cultural Events for the town of Whitby, the United Kingdom), Doudou Diène (United Nations Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of rac…
From a recent book review:The plains stretch for many cold and lonely miles, but Haven Kimmel fires her bittersweet Indiana novels with a warm sensibility and a compassionate understanding of the people shaped by the chilly, conservative and remote landscape.
Kimmel was raised in Mooreland, Ind., population 300, "the dearest postage stamp of native soil a person could wish for."
Author of two coming-of-age memoirs, she has a homegrown yet unromantic tenderness for the rural towns rusting quietly away as family farms vanish, and methamphetamine labs and vigorous megachurches flourish, the latter so cavernous they include indoor basketball courts and other secular amenities.I'm reminded of scene from my own life. I'm 16 years old, walking down a side street on an October afternoon...
It was Jessica. She was with some friends from school: Olivia, Chad, Emily, Rocco, Hampton, Lionel, Chloe, Frijole the exchange student from Mexico, Biff, and Biff’s sister Gertr…
From Missouri comes the sad tale of a man facing a 30-year prison sentence for stealing a doughnut:Scott A. Masters, 41, of Park Hills, Missouri, has been charged with felony second-degree robbery in the theft of a 52-cent doughut [sic] from a Country Mart in Farmington, about 70 miles (113 kilometers) south of St. Louis. Store employees said he slipped the doughnut into his sweat shirt without paying last December, then pushed away a clerk who tried to stop him as he fled the store.But what kind of doughnut was it? Chocolate? Jelly? Those ones with the sprinkles? The story doesn’t say. How could the AP reporter omit what is the most telling detail? It must be something taught in journalism school, where being boring is considered a virtue.
“Cars, a fat guy, there’s this girl. Set in a large city somewhere. Music goes boop boop beep. Some other stuff happens. Irresistable.”
“A masterpiece. If this book had a shoe it would take it off and hit Jonathan Franzen up side the head with it.”
Last night I had one of those dreams where you dream you’re chewing on a big fluffy cake and wake up to find yourself gnawing on medallions of lamb tenderloin that have been flash cooked in a small wok with hoisin, garlic, and chilies to enhance the lamb’s natural flavors.
The Senoi is a tribe living in the mountainous jungles of the Malay Peninsula which have made dreaming central to their existence. In his seminal essay “Dream Theory in Malaya” anthropologist Kilton Stewart writes:Dream interpretation...is a feature of child education and is the common knowledge of all Senoi adults. The average Senoi layman practices the psychotherapy of dream interpretation of his family and associates as a regular feature of education and daily social intercourse. Breakfast in the Senoi house is like a dream clinic, with the father and older brothers listening to and analyzing the dreams of all the children. At the end of the family clinic the male population gathers in the council, at which the …
“When humanity, subjugated by the terror of crime, has been driven insane by fear and horror, and when chaos has become supreme law, then the time will have come for the empire of crime.” - The Testament of Dr. Mabuse.
More strange news from Whitby: A MYSTERIOUS oil spill has covered the roads around Whitby and has brought chaos to the town.
One witness described seeing pedestrians fall in the street and cars skidding as they struggled for grip in the wet conditions.
Sgt Paul Delaney described the source of the spill as a "mystery".Notice the mysterious oil spill is both more elaborate (it’s no simple task to not only spread that much oil, but do it undetected) yet less physically destructive than ordinary vandalism. Why would someone do this? Because it brought chaos to the town. This is what links the bizarre and seemingly disconnected events of Whitby - the senseless crimes, the sighti…
In Malaysia, lesbian Orangutans are tearing off women’s pants (probably because they know they can’t be sued for sexual harassment).
The macaques’ crime spree includes acts of theft, burglaries, assaults, and sabotage of internet lines. According to deputy district governor Pich Socheata, “Authorities tried several times to get the unruly monkeys to eat eggs laced with sleeping pills, but had always been outsmarted.”
Are monkeys getting smarter? These types of incidents suggest that’s the case, leading me to conclude the Flynn effect has been occurring not only in humans, but in monkeys and apes as well.
Humans, as I’m reminded by my family every year at Thanksgiving, are primates too, little different from the hairier primates. In human crime news, Things Move Around has been doing some looting. Or has he?
The Florentine painter Piero di Cosimo (1462 – 1522) hardly ate anything other than eggs. He would boil 50 at a time (who counted?) and nibble on an egg held in one hand while painting with the other. The time saved allowed him to get a lot of work done, though some claim he wouldn’t cook other foods because he suffered from pyrophobia, or fear of fire (how did he heat the boiling water?), but I think he just loved eggs.
First published in 1886, Phantasms of the Living is a two volume, 2,000 page compendium of the research of the Cambridge educated psychologist Edmund Gurney, the poet Frederic William Henry Myers (he coined the term ‘methetherial’), and the postal worker Frank Podmore (who, when not delivering letters, did things like suggesting the name for the Fabian society) of ghosts, precognitive dreams, precognitive visions, and telepathical hallucinations.
Across Difficult Country's legal counsel Judge Florentino Floro Jr. is in the news again, this time on the front page of the Wall Street Journal.
As readers surely remember, Judge Floro was declared psychotic and removed from the bench for being in psychic contact with three invisible “mystic dwarves” 1 named Armand, Luis and Angel. Angel, Judge Floro tells the Wall Street Journal, "is the neutral force", Armand "is a benign influence", and Luis,"whom Mr. Floro describes as the "king of kings," is an avenger."
Now the Supreme Court which fired him is persecuting him again, issuing an “en banc resolution asking Mr. Floro to desist in his threats of 'ungodly reprisal.'”
While not stating explicitly, the Court appears to be blaming Judge Floro for a series of unfortunate events, including a “mysterious” fire which “destroyed the Supreme Court's crest in its session hall”, and a string of accidents and illnesses numerous members of the …
It's obvious to anyone with eyeballs that the liberal brain, by its very nature, is more susceptible to fads and fashionable nonsense than the conservative mind. Now, if a new study is correct, there may be scientific proof:Frank Sulloway of the Institute of Personality and Social Research at the University of California, Berkeley, who was not involved in the study, said results "provided an elegant demonstration that individual differences on a conservative-liberal dimension are strongly related to brain activity."
Based on the results, Sulloway said, liberals could be expected to more readily accept new social, scientific or religious ideas.The compulsive acceptance of new social, scientific or religious ideas is, of course, a major reason why liberalism is so corrosive and destructive. For most new ideas are wrong, if not harmful. As David Stove wrote, in his brilliant essay "The Columbus Argument":“No doubt it is true that, for any change for the better to h…
Apparently I’m not the only admirer of the retarded brilliance of Fletcher Hanks:"There is a man in a blue suit and a green and red skullcap piloting a red plane across a yellow sky. Crossing a lush jungle valley, he spots thousands of “gigantic royal panthers” and instantly declares: “I CAN USE THEM IN MY PLAN TO WRECK CIVILIZATION!”
Though the colorful and crudely drawn adventure comics gathered in I Shall Destroy All the Civilized Planets! read like the fevered imaginings of Henry Darger’s bully older brother, they are, in fact, the garish and terrifying work of Fletcher Hanks." [More]
The anti-Swiss slander campaign continues. Writing for Foreign Policy, deep thinker Preeti Aroon claims the proposal by the Swiss People's Party (SVP) to deport immigrant families if their children are criminals is part of “a larger general trend of racism and anti-Semitism brewing in the region.”
And once it’s fully fermented, the toxic Swiss brew will spill over, and hordes of Swiss will sweep across Europe, stabbing every minority in sight with the corkscrew attachment of their army knives, as they’ve done so many times in the past. This charge would be stupid even if we weren’t talking about Switzerland.
Aroon concedes “not all Germans, Swiss, and Austrians are cold-hearted extremists” (how generous) but threatens “history is replete with examples of populations that have been radicalized quite fast. This German-speaking part of the world should be kept on our radar screens.”
Korean scientist Dr Mi-Jeong Jeong has discovered certain genes in plants which can be activated by sound. When researchers directed sounds toward the plants at specific frequencies: Two genes, called rbcS and Ald, became more active at 125 and 250 Hertz, and less active at 50 Hertz.
Both genes are known to respond to light, so Jeong's team checked out what happened when the test was repeated in the dark -- and found that the two genes still responded to the sound.This breakthrough has far reaching implications, As any student of palaeontology knows, in the distant past of long ago (what specialists call “dino-time”) nearly every inch of the landscape was overrun with stupid looking plants, and among this dense growth roamed gigantic, preposterous animals. Obviously, with a few exceptions, that’s no longer the case.
There have been many explanations for why things changed, all unsatisfactory. But Dr. Mi-Jeong Jeong’s work provides a crucial clue, one that leads to a new hypothesis.
A Swiss political party’s proposal to deport immigrant families “if their children are convicted of a violent crime, drug offenses or benefits fraud” has provoked hyperbolic reaction, within Switzerland and without.
The Swiss Foundation against Racism and Anti-Semitism dishonestly equated the policy to “the Nazi practice of "Sippenhaft" — or kin liability — whereby relatives of criminals were held responsible for his or her crimes and punished equally”. AP reporter Frank Jordans even invoked Stalin and Mao, claiming, “Similar practices occurred during Stalin's purges in the early days of the Soviet Union and the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution in China, when millions were persecuted for their alleged ideological failings.” Mr. Jordans seems to have a novel notion of what reporting is, and and a novel notion of what the word “similar” means.
The UN has also condemned the proposal, suggesting it may violate European law, an odd complaint considering Switzerland is not a member …
John Donne on climate change:As the world is the whole frame of the world, God hath put into it a reproof, a rebuke, lest it should seem eternal, which is, a sensible decay and age in the whole frame of the world, and every piece thereof. The seasons of the year irregular and distempered; the sun fainter, and languishing; men less in stature, and shorter-lived. No addition, but only every year, new sorts, new species of worms, and flies, and sicknesses, which argue more and more putrefaction of which they are engendered. And the angels of heaven, which did so familiarly converse with men in the beginning of the world, though they may not be doubted to perform to us still their ministerial assistances, yet they seem so far to have deserted this world, as that they do not appear to us, as they did to those our fathers.
Julian the Apostate on racial differences and their consequences:Come, tell me why it is that the Celts and the Germans are fierce, while the Hellenes and Romans are, gene…
“The 10-month-old animal knocked the woman, 60, to the ground, stomped on her head and then lay on top of her.”
“It had a bit of a habit with a goat, knocking it over and sort of straddling it and laying on top of it.”
There’s little to be said after such a tragedy, which didn’t stop local “camel expert” Paddy McHugh from weighing in:Townsville-based camel expert Paddy McHugh said the behaviour was “extremely unusual” for a camel so young.
Mr. McHugh said camels still made great pets, “often better than dogs”.Yes, except for being six feet tall and weighing over a thousand pounds and occasionally stomping your head in because they are acting out some psycho-sexual urge, camels are much better pets than dogs.
“The Hand of Glory is the hand of a man who has been hung, and is prepared in the following manner. Wrap the hand in a piece of winding sheet, drawing it tight so as to squeeze out the little blood which, may remain; then place it in an earthenware vessel with saltpetre, salt, and long pepper, all carefully and thoroughly powdered. Let it remain a fortnight in this pickle till it is well dried, then expose it to the sun in the dog-days till it is completely parched, or, if the sun be not powerful enough, dry it in an oven heated with vervain and fern. Next make a candle with the fat of a hung man, virgin wax, and Lapland sesame. The Hand of Glory is used to hold this candle when it is lighted. Wherever one goes with this contrivance, those it approaches are rendered incapable of motion as though they were dead.” – Notes on the Folk-Lore of the Northern Counties of England and the Borders, by William Henderson.
Mass immigration makes the United States increasingly “diverse”. Now Daniel Henninger, a member of the open borderist Wall Street Journal editorial collective and a supporter of mass immigration, has discovered:“People in ethnically diverse settings don't want to have much of anything to do with each other. “Social capital” erodes. Diversity has a downside.”What’s to be done? Henninger suggests:“What's needed now is for a younger black, brown or polka-dot writer to recast the idea in a way that restores the worth and utility of assimilation. Somebody had better do it soon; the first chart offered in the Putnam study depicts inexorably rising rates of immigration in many nations.”He recognizes we are already at the point where certain arguments won’t be fairly heard unless advanced by non-whites (notice the absurd inclusion of a “polka-dot writer”, done to maintain the pretense race never matters, even when it’s being argued race matters). He recognizes the situation is only g…
Gildercliffe hoodlums are stealing vans then using them to launch attacks on Whitby:Reckless Ben Stanley, 18, of Gildercliffe, Scarborough, became intoxicated at a friend’s birthday bash before setting off to steal a Vauxhall van.
Despite being more than twice over the limit, Stanley – who does not have a full driving licence - then embarked on a terrifying drive all the way to Whitby, regardless of the dangers to other drivers and residents.
He smashed into two parked cars and a wall in the Bog Hall area of the town.Not to condone Reckless Ben Stanley’s senseless mayhem, to a certain degree Whitby has it coming.
In other crime news, a three-ton meteorite has been stolen from UFO researcher Yury Lavbin’s compound in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia.
Perhaps the meteorite is a large enough object that remote viewers could locate it? They’ve certainly had no luck identifying the small curio which sits on the left corner of the shelf above my desk, despite the offer of a $1 million prize for doing so.
In Cameroon urine drinking is suddenly so popular Cameroonian health minister Urbain Olanguena Awono was forced to issue a statement urging quaffers to stop, warning those promoting the practice may be prosecuted. Said a piss drinker named Emile: "I used it to treat my haemorrhoids. Everyone uses it in secret. But you need to be brave."
Though rarely mentioned in the history books, Gandhi was an aficionado of the ‘yellow wine’, and in his younger days became known for badgering unwitting guests at parties with his odd notions, diaper clad, glass of pee-pee in hand. Soon Gandhi stopped getting invited to parties. Instead of changing his ways, he became angry, and channeled his resentment into politics. I think you know how that turned out.
If you thought Nigeria had more than enough unpleasant worms already you obviously don’t think like God, because a new ‘mystery worm’ is invading Nigeria’s Sokoto State.
A pair of homosexualists is sending John Lennon’s piano on a tour of America’s “most horrific sites of violence, death and destruction.” Places the piano has already appeared include Virginia Tech, Ford’s Theater, Columbine High School, and the site of the Oklahoma City bombing.
It’s hoped the sight of the piano can displace painful thoughts of these location's terrible events by triggering in observers memories of the ‘Imagine’ song. Personally, I’d rather contemplate an assassination or a mass murder than recollect the plodding chords and insipid lyrics of that tune. For one thing it’s more relaxing. I don’t think I’m alone in this.
This project has inspired me to send the instrument once owned by pioneering free-jazz alpehornist Fritz Entegeliebter to various places which have banned indoor smoking. Entegeliebter will accompany the instrument, and play it in the hope his frenetic sqonkings will cause any anti-smoking zealots in the vicinity to reflect upon what complete and ut…
“Lisa Peterson, 46 years old, says the main reason she sports a robe in public is because "it alerts the world that I am in relaxation mode and that I am pampering myself because I believe I'm worth it." But the communications director for the American Kennel Club, who lives in Newtown, Conn., says it also makes her feel "a little bit naughty."” - The Great Hotel Cover-Up, Wall Street Journal, 27 July 2007.
Miss Peterson (if it’s Mrs. condolences to your poor husband), there’s really no need to alert me you’ve gone into relaxation, or any other mode, and are pampering yourself (this is one of those rare occasions when I’m confident most of the world completely agrees with me). If anyone needs to be alerted it’s the cardboard-tube fighters, who could partially redeem themselves by giving you a solid drubbing.
Fantastic day, in the span of a few hours I observe a midget riding a scooter, a man with an artificial leg, and an albino.
Seeing one, two, four or more midgets is good luck. Three midgets together is bad luck. Three midgets encountered separately means something terrible is going to happen.
Seeing a person with an artificial leg is neither good nor bad luck. Seeing an artificial leg without a person attached to it portends the start of a period of increased improbability.
Seeing an albino means your packages will be arriving on time. Unless the albino is left handed, then your shipment will be delayed. Seeing an albino midget with an artificial leg would be so sad just thinking about it makes me laugh.
Strange lights were observed hovering over the heavilly flooded town of Stratford-Upon-Avon. As one witness described it:“The objects were there for about half an hour. It was very eerie because they didn't make any sound and they stayed still before moving slowly beyond the horizon. There were no stars in the sky, just them.”Like most people, I was instantly reminded by the concurrence of inexplicable lights in the sky and a deluge of “The appearance of the Lights at Scheveningen and Flood,” an event so shrouded in mystery I've been unable to determine when exactly it took place.
At a Seattle area park last Sunday a group of involuntary celibates convened to stage a cardboard tube fighting tournament:"Two dozen fighters obeyed the tenets of cardboard-tube fighting Sunday, battling for the glory of becoming the champion.
They took to a concrete surface at Seattle's Gas Works Park, wielding their weapons: 3-foot-long cardboard tubes that look like the kind used for gift wrap.
Most fighters employed a two-handed grip; the more assured used one hand. Those who break their tubes do not advance to another round.”Every day I find it harder and harder not to hate my own country.
"It sounded like something that was amazing and it was. This was the only thing we found to do that was entertaining all week."
Trans-Dniester has a new political party, Fair Pridnestrovie. Fair Pridnestrovie joins the Respublika party, the Renewal party, the Breakthrough party, the Pridnestrovie Communist Party (PKP), the Communist Party of Pridnestrovie (KPP-CPSU), the Patriotic Party of Pridnestrovie (PPP), the Liberal Democratic Party of Pridnestrovi, the People's Will party, and the Social Democratic Party, to bring the total number of ridiculous political parties in Pridnestrovie to ten.
Meanwhile in Chisianu, the President of Moldavia Vladimir Voronin has been running around claiming Jesus was a Communist, noting "Nowhere in the Old or New Testament you will find anything bad said about communists.”
Voronin’s remarks were scoffed at by local religious leaders. Spokesman for the Socialist Party of Moldova, the Party of Socialists of the Republic of Moldova, the Democratic Party of Moldova, the Social Democratic Party of Moldova, the Christian-Democratic People's Party, and the Peasants'…
The results of the first ADC customer satisfaction survey which asked How can ADC be improved? are in.
No one wants more political posts, meaning 100% of readers agree with me democracy has failed, and discussing politics only serves to distract from time better spent stockpiling guns and ammunition.
Counting my own vote, one person wants to see more Whitby posts. Meaning no one, except me, cares the little town of Whitby was nearly smote by a tornado (that’s right, a tornado) and no one, other than myself, wants me to explain how the source of this freakish weather event is undoubtedly Whitbian diabolists trifling with storm demons the Chaldeans called shedu. Bastards.
27% want more Hegel posts. Hegel once wrote:General gravitation must be recognised for itself as a profound thought, which constitutes an absolute basis for mech…
Up till now, for two hundred years, people in England have imagined that every problem could be solved through Freedom, and could let opposites correct one another in the free interplay of argument. But what now? The great harm was begun in the last century, mainly through Rousseau, with his doctrine of the goodness of human nature. Out of this plebs and educated alike distilled the doctrine of the golden age that was to come quite infallibly, provided people were left alone. The result, as every child knows, was the complete disintegration of the idea of authority in the heads of mortals, whereupon of course, we periodically fall victims to sheer power. In the meanwhile, the idea of the natural goodness of man has turned, among the intelligent strata of Europe, into the idea of progress, i.e. undisturbed money-making and modern comforts, with philanthropy as a sop to conscience....
The only conceivable salvation would be for this insane optimism, great and small, to disappear from peo…
Innovative Chinese fish farmers are growing gigantic fish able to induce food poisoning in seven times as many American consumers at half the cost.
Another sector where the Chinese are making gains is begging:Police said on Monday that two beggars operating near MRT stations in Taipei City and Taipei County turned out to be professional beggars from China who had entered Taiwan on business visas...Liang Yiping (梁一平), 32, faked deafness and muteness when confronted by police at Yongan Market station, but his identity was later confirmed after officers found he had Chinese currency and more than NT$10,000...After running a background check, they established that he had entered the country with Guo Anquan (郭安銓), 53, on July 12. Guo was later picked up at Ximending station...Liang and Guo had been staying at a hotel near Ximending. Police said the men claimed they were collecting money to return home...They claimed that the NT$30,000 that police discovered in their bags and clothes had bee…
A bipartisan group of senators (the worst kind) is proposing the government provide health insurance for those children who not entirely poor, but aren’t entirely middle class either. These posturing windbags think it so vitally important they are willing to tax just smokers to pay for it, by raising the already unconscionably high taxes on cigarettes by 61 cents per pack. Given how tubby American children are these days the logical solution would be to tax junk food. Such a tax would in itself bring health benefits by reducing the amount of fattening swill the little piggies ingest.
Fortunately our deranged president has promised to veto this monstrous piece of legislation (sometimes, as the old Irish saying goes, even the thickest Echidna-bird finds a hazelnut).
“We have not released giant badgers in Basra, and nor have we been collecting eggs and releasing serpents into the Shatt al-Arab river." - Major David Gell, British Army spokesman, 'British blamed for mysterious Beast of Basra'.
Remember all the excitement surrounding lycopenes, the tiny single celled organisms that live inside tomatoes (and whose excretions are the cause of the tomato’s redness) and were thought to protect against cancer? I sure don’t. It’s best to ignore these sorts of things, in large part because they never pan out (besides, I enjoy a cigarette now and then, so it’s pointless anyway). Now the FDA says lycopenes don’t protect against cancer, and that there is no evidence tomatoes reduce the risk of "colorectal, breast, cervical or endometrial cancer." Given how science tends to reverse itself, cancerphobes (i.e. those afraid of tobacco) should probably continue to rub tomatoes on their breasts, rectums, cervixes, and endometrials as a precaution.
I’m suffering from some sort of branial condition. Today I was trying to remember the name of the 18th century philosopher who bred horses and prefigured Darwin in certain aspects, and after nearly half an hour of focused concentration the only name my brain could come up with was Wigsy Macbombo, immediately followed by my forgetting why I was trying to recall the chaps name in the first place. Another symptom is abuse (to put it mildly) of the parenthesis when punctuating.
A fascinating article in the New York Times of all places on the mapinguary (a creature previously discussed on ADC). Also mentioned is a cryptid I had never heard of known as the boto, a "type of dolphin that is said to be able to transform itself into human form, wearing a white hat to cover its air spout, and seducing and impregnating impressionable young virgins." Where a boto keeps his stylish headgear while he's in dolphin form remains unexplained. There have been no reports of boto operating outside the Amazon basin, but if you have a teenage daughter you might want to check under her boyfriend’s cap for a blowhole, just in case.
The greatly anticipated list of the New 7 Wonders of the world is out (a list previously discussed on ADC). Selected were the Roman Coliseum, the Great Wall of China, Machu Picchu, the Mayan city of Chichen, the ruins of Petra, the statue of Christ the Redeemer in Brazil, and the the Taj Mahal.
When I began the incredibly popular series of reports now known as The Whitby Sequence I had no idea where my investigations would lead. That sinister forces permeated the dying town of Whitby and were influencing events there was something I sensed early on, though I badly and dangerously underestimated the magnitude of the forces at work.
Why Whitby I could not explain, until by accident (or by dark design?) a strange chapter in Whitbian history was revealed to me...“IN THE LATE nineteen seventies there was something of an occult convergence upon the English coastal town of Whitby. The reason for the movement of so many occultists, ex-hippies and pothead pixies, could probably be identified only by a thorough examination of the occult current of the time, along with a good analysis of the spirit of the nation. The result, however, was not only that there was a sizeable occult population in the area, but that many other occultists were in the habit of visiting the place.”
Since its unnerving appearance in November of 2006 there have been no further reports of the mysterious Sandsend blob, but I have learned of an earlier blob visitation at the scene of a world famous car crash:"In the recent Channel 4 documentary The Witnesses in the Tunnel, she [Princess Diana] disappeared behind a grey blob, which obscured the body the doctors were trying to resuscitate."We know from subsequent events the Sandsend blob was a harbinger of doom for Whitby. The presence of a blob at a gruesome accident suggests the blobs might be both an ill omen and a cause of terrible events, perhaps even feeding off human suffering in some manner.
In a speech last Friday President Bush said, "Our nation is more vibrant because of the contributions made by Hispanic Americans in all sectors of our society."
Although he didn't go on to name any specific contributions which have increased our Gross National Vibrancy the ones that leap to my mind at least are the taco, the lowrider car, and a recently developed bit of 'spice in the melting pot' known as el bomba del gato:"A sicko set a cat on fire in East Boston, and then used the burning, screeching animal as a live Molotov cocktail, chucking it at the window of a house, a crime that investigators believe could be connected to gang violence.
The live fireball was heaved at a first-floor window at 204 Princeton St. in the Eagle Hill section of the neighborhood, leaving the charred outline of the tortured animal in the screen of the two-family home.
"This kid threw something at the house. It was on fire. It was making noises," said construction wor…
“Property developer Owen O'Callaghan had a bizarre tendency to hide in broom cupboards in toilets during breaks in business meetings he was attending, fellow developer Tom Gilmartin told the Mahon Tribunal yesterday.
Mr Gilmartin recalled how on one occasion he had gone to the toilet during a tea break and had seen Mr O'Callaghan falling out of a cupboard where he had been hiding.” - via the Irish Independent.
Filmmaker, Ole Schell, follows his girlfriend, model Sara Ziff, for several years, chronicling her rise from a fresh face to one that adorns billboards and magazines around the world. Go behind the scenes and chronicle the glitzy world of high fashion modeling, from photo shoots with celebrated photographers to runway shows in New York, Milan, and Paris.
email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it."> This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
To register with a non-institutional email address (like gmail), please send an additional email to activebstars@astro.iag.usp.br with your real name. This will be treated confidential.
There either is or is not, that’s the way things are. The colour of the day. The way it felt to be a child. The saltwater on your sunburnt legs. Sometimes the water is yellow, sometimes it’s red. But what colour it may be in memory, depends on the day. I’m not going to tell you the story the way it happened. I’m going to tell it the way I remember it.
The Lizzie Bennet Diaries is an innovative, original episodic video and social media series produced for the web. Adapting Pride and Prejudice to the modern era, Lizzie Bennet tells the classic Jane Austen tale from the point of view of an Elizabeth “Lizzie” Bennet who grew up in a world of cell phones, video cameras, and social media. The series was created by popular YouTube personality Hank Green and Streamy Award winning web video writer Bernie Su.
The holiday season is bringing more than cheer for actress Jessica Capshaw. The Grey’s Anatomy star announced on Monday that she and her husband, Honest Company co-founder Christopher Gavigan, are expecting their fourth child. “The holidays have certainly arrived … All of our lives are being added to by the lights, the music and cheer!!” she captioned a photo of her family at a Christmas tree farm on Instagram. “This year our family has reason to further broaden our smile … baby number four is on the way!! I am a lucky, lucky girl…”
The quickest way to tell whether an actor is serious about his or her career is to look at their “headshot”.Is it a professional photo? Or is it a snapshot taken on prom night? If you’re using a snapshot, it’s like showing up to race the Indy 500 in a VW Beetle. Nobody is going to take you seriously. I’m sorry, people… you can send me as much angry e-mail as you want about this, but it’s true! Don’t tell me you’re destined to be a major Hollywood star but you cannot scrape together the cash to get professional headshots.
The Grinch from Dr. Seuss’ How the Grinch Stole Christmas! The Musical stole the spotlight at the Empire State Building’s 86th Floor Observatory December 14, 2012, to promote the musical’s limited holiday engagement. Discover the magic of Dr. Seuss’ classic holiday tale as it comes to life on stage. Featuring the hit songs “You’re A Mean One, Mr. Grinch” and “Welcome Christmas,” The Grinch discovers there’s more to Christmas then he bargained for in this heart-warming holiday classic.
Gracing Al Habtoor City and the famed Dubai skyline are three luxurious residential towers – Noora, Amna and Meera. Housed within two 73-storey towers and one 52-storey tower, the stylish apartments include 12 penthouses. »» Details
We are the experts in properties for sale and rent in Golden Mile, Palm Jumeirah. We offer properties ranging from 1Bedrooms, penthouses to townhouses. »» Details
Offering the best of both worlds, The Polo Residence, located in the heart of Meydan City, enjoys a perfect blend of contemporary dwellings surrounded by greenery. »» Details
Azizi Riviera is set within a multiphase development of 71 buildings. Azizi Riviera is luxury residential apartments by Azizi Meydan. »» Details
Premier Property Finance offers the best home loan and mortgage loan in the UAE at competitive rates. We have a hassle free process and easy documentation »» Details
Our property management team offers a bespoke property management solution for all types of property. »» Details
Hong Kong Escort - is a fine selection of naughty mistress and sexy girls escort models that you will never forget our sweet kisses on your lips - Escort in HK
﻿» Lucknow Escorts most reliable and stylish escort services agency that provides high-profile, gorgeous, and independent Lucknow escorts girls.
Please mention Addicted to Stamps in your blog with a link back to the challenge so others may join in
You may enter more than once provided each entry is different and abides with the rules of the challenge
This is just me 'fiddling' as usual. I wanted to put the poll up for followers to vote but with the layout of the blog, the choices couldn't even be read lol. So I kept changing things until the text could be seen. I like it too xx
In line with new Data Protection legislation (GDPR) by commenting you do so in the knowledge that your name & comment are visible to all who visit this blog and thereby consent to the use of that personal information for that specific purpose.
Those entering any projects into Linky do so in the knowledge that their name and blog links are visible to all who visit this blog and has given their consent that their entry may be displayed on a winners post should it be selected.
Those leaving a comment on any posts on this blog do so in the knowledge that their name and blog link are visible to all who visit this blog and by providing the comment, they have published their own personal details on this blog and also consented to that personal information being seen.
Blog Archive November 2018 (1) October 2018 (5) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (5) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (5) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (4) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (5) July 2017 (5) June 2017 (7) May 2017 (8) April 2017 (7) March 2017 (8) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (7) October 2016 (7) September 2016 (8) August 2016 (9) July 2016 (9) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (8) April 2016 (9) March 2016 (9) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (7) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (7) October 2015 (7) September 2015 (8) August 2015 (9) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (9) April 2015 (9) March 2015 (8) February 2015 (8) January 2015 (5) December 2014 (8) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (10) September 2014 (8) August 2014 (10) July 2014 (10) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (9) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (7) November 2013 (9) October 2013 (9) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (9) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (9) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (9) February 2013 (9) January 2013 (6) December 2012 (5) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (19) August 2012 (13) July 2012 (15) June 2012 (21)
The product specifications provided below are only related to the types of upgrades and accessories available for this system. This product is not for sale. It is shown here for configuration purposes only. For more detailed information on the Baseline Switch - 2928, please refer to manufacturer's (HP®) website.
Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)® names may be registered trademarks of the respective OEM, and the OEM has neither authorized nor sponsored the use of its trademark or trade name. All OEM names are used for comparative purposes only.
Break up Ad Groups: Increase click-by charge (CTR) and Excellent Score by splitting up your advert groups into smaller sized, more pertinent ad groups, which assist you to generate far more focused ad text and landing internet pages.
..excluded a dot character...in order that they mentioned inside their reply from google that the web-site was both down or doesnt exist,,,meanyl it was a circumstance of lacking a dot while in the url'so hw cld i go about thias beacuse the weblog is up advert functioning buh and wld like 2 keep on over the site web site,thanks.
As you reported, you would like making sure that you realize what your optimum ACoS is usually before you crack even then get started getting rid of dollars for every sale, and optimize your campaigns accordingly. This will differ from product to solution.
As soon as you are accredited into google adsense, insert your adsense codes into your Blog, I will information placing them earlier mentioned and below the fold in addition to in the facet bar(S).
As a web-based enterprise, you can find couple things extra discouraging than an indecisive buyer abandoning his or her virtual shopping cart. Google Remarketing sends a refined message to buyers which have visited your internet site, and cleverly entices them back again.
Ahead of we go even further, Permit’s get accustomed to Amazon’s critical metrics. That is how they describe them:
Perfectly completed ,I read your articles it is vitally intriguing . During which you give all information about ppc campaign .It really is clearly reveal how we can easily on the internet market .then i like it and and it appears to be quick way. Many thanks FOR SHARING .
As you may see, PPC is really a beneficial marketing Software that is ideal for every type of organizations. Not merely are advertisers in entire control learn this here now of their advert strategies, target market, and finances, the information received from actual-time effects presents priceless suggestions to improve potential marketing initiatives.
Refine Landing Web pages: Modify the written content and phone calls-to-action (CTAs) of your landing web pages to align with particular person search queries so as to Strengthen conversion rates. Don’t deliver all your visitors to the same web site.
Monetize your current Sites, social websites webpages and blogs audience and follower, and earn more money.
Don't forget, an optimized YOURURL.com paid out search marketing campaign is focused on making sure that Extra resources you just provide experienced visitors to your listing at an economical and profitable cost.
Best advert positions immediately: There's no ready sport to reach the major placement. Should you be prepared to outbid the Competitors, your adverts is often sitting at the top positions without delay.
Good question! And Thankfully that’s a single we dealt with because we wrote this informative article. We now Have a very Key phrase study Device referred to as Key phrase Scout that’s A part of the Web Application suite and actually will give you the true numbers pulled straight from Amazon for equally Wide and Specific queries, additionally the CPC to get 90% of the first site bids.
Neat and tidy furnished 4 bedroom home, open plan kitchen/dining/living, kitchen has gas cooking and ample cupboards, reverse cycle split system air conditioner to open plan area and off street parking for 2 cars.
Furniture includes: bedrooms, dining table, fridge, microwave, washing machine, cutlery and crockery. Ideal student accommodation.
Understandably choosing the right Adelaide property management company to manage your investment property is a big decision. If you are not getting the best possible rent for your property you are simply not maximsing your property investment returns. Proper research and knowledge of the Adelaide rental market is vital. The Adelaide property rental market is always on the move and we pride ourselves on keeping our landlords up to date with the latest rental property trends. To find out how much your property should be renting for,(even if you would just like and independant opinion) click the link below.
"...He has been very patient and tirelessly works through some of the numerous issues we have experienced with our property. He often works 'beyond the call of duty' and it is refreshing to see such excellent work ethic. I find his manner very professional, he always returns my calls promptly and he is certainly an asset to your team."
Centrally located in North Adelaide, we provide property management services throughout the Adelaide Metropolitan Area. Our Property Management team is amongst the most experienced in Adelaide is supported by a specialist leasing management team that consistently provides our landlords with expert service and low vacancy rates. Currently , our properties are vacant on average 10-11 days less than the Adelaide Property Management industry average meaning our landlords have more money in their pockets. And because it is all we do we can ensure the best property management service for your Adelaide property investment.
Why risk having the management of your property costing you money due to poor service? This is not a risk you should have to take with the management of your property. Adelaide Residential Rentals are Specialist Property Managers with over 80+ years combined experience and our team are some of the most experienced and respected in the industry. Contact us today and have your property managed the way it should be.
home | disclaimer | privacy policy | site map | © copyright Adelaide Residential Rentals 2011 | Powered by MultiArray
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On January 30, 2018 1:36 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at macys because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at macys, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Adidas Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by macys on January 30, 2018 9:09 am and last updated by us January 30, 2018 1:36 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Adidas designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Adidas Chicago Blackhawks Black Tonal 873 Flex Cap | Hat, Headwear And Accessory fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the macys Online Store.
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12).
Your privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of GK Tech News.
Adrien Vasquez is a typographer and type designer based in London. With John Morgan, he co-founded ABYME, a digital type foundry and independent publisher of artist’s editions and multiples.
Dressed in Black: Spektrum and Lothar Reher, co-edited with Wayne Daly (London: Precinct, June 2017)
Naming Victory, Q&A with John Morgan, James Mosley and Phil Surey, at St Bride Library (London, June 2016)
Designing programmes. Type design introduction workshop at ESAD Valence (29 January–1 February 2018)
Due to increase of struggle in education sector, every student wants to achieve high grades in their…
Our coursework support is known among students who look for quality papers. We promise to give you a…
Categories CARS & VEHICLES cars motorcycles commercial vehicles parts, accessories automotive services car pooling Yachts, Boats Bicycles PROPERTY HDB apt for sale HDB apt for rent condo for sale condo for rent landed house for sale landed house for rent rooms for rent commercial property property agents LEARNING arts, design computer cooking driving languages music, dancing self improvement swimming tuition COMMUNITY activity partners friendship long lost relationships lost & found SERVICES aircon servicing babysitter, nanny wedding beauty computer electrical entertainment financial fitness, personal trainer florist food delivery, catering gardening, landscaping insurance laundry legal locksmith maids, housekeeping massage, health movers, delivery painters, painting pest control photography, video plumbing, repair renovation translation transport travel JOBS accounting admin, receptionist banking, finance beauty, hair stylist building, construction childcare cleaning, housekeeper computer, programmers customer service driver engineering, technical food, hospitality, entertainment general labour government graphic, web design human resources legal management marketing, public relations media, advertising medical non profit sector sales, retail sales security part time, temp others FOR SALE antiques, collectables baby items beauty books fashion, accessories furniture garage sale hardware health hobbies, crafts home appliances jewellery, watches mobiles, computers musical instruments pets sports toys
Alvarez & Diaz-Silveira LLP is a Miami-based corporate boutique law firm focusing on international and domestic M&A, finance, real estate, immigration and private wealth services for leading companies, family offices and high net worth individuals. Created by experienced attorneys from premiere global firms, AADS combines sophisticated counsel with a level of execution, personal attention and value that is rare among practices today.
"bareback gay" - You certainly find something that will satisfy all your XXX gay cravings - Adult Blog Search
This is the search page that will help you find your favorite gay model or videos, so get your tissues and lube ready, sorted by Related
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. adultblogsearch.net has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All movs and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
Disclaimer: This website contains adult material, all members and persons appearing on this site have contractually represented to us that they are 18 years of age or older.
Adult Personals Fuck Book Of Sex does not conduct criminal background screening of its members. Learn about Internet Dating Safety, click here.
The game went well, we still have no wizard, which does worry me, but we'll see how it goes. The cleric also wasn't as engaged as I would had liked, but she did change the tide of battle more than once. I didn't have to do any prep, as I had already done it. On game day I just had to re-read my notes.
The first scenario was a large one, so we played it with miniatures; I finally got to place the Lord of the Rings RISK minis on the board, they aren't to scale but they are more glamorous than paper! I will say that I held back, all of my monsters could had gotten a second attack, but I just took it with my commanders, I think next game I will unleash the orcs full potential.
Everyone remembered the rules for miniature battles pretty well, it has been a while since we used them! I like to keep things "Theatre of the Mind" but with 6 players it is hard to keep everybody on the same page. I would like to think of a system to remind me what segment we are in, as we used the 2 segment round method, and all it takes is for somebody to ask me a really good question and I forget where I am at.
As far as errors went, I made one, but I granted her a free re-roll as payment for ruining one of her ideas.
The characters had found a secure room in a section of the mine that was completely unknown to the enemy, they had left sign to tell their peers where they had gone and were found by the two adventurers who arrived to play today.
Delving deeper into the mine, they players found themselves in a passage to an underground source of the Immerflow River and discovered that the orcs were using this river to ship finished arms and armor down river; barrels and boxes where falling from a waterfall 200 feet above the river, and orcs were busy on a long bridge designed to help them push the products free of rocky outcrops with long poles. These orcs were quickly picked off.
An elevator system was found that allowed two people to make their way up 200' to the level above, but they were discovered. An orc was going to cut the lift rope but a player decided that it was better to just let the lift free fall back down, a drop of 100', both riders were injured and the lift was broken, but the rope system was still in place.
Exploring further up river, they found a slave camp, slaves were slowly and unproductively trying to mine Mithral out of the wall, guarded by a small orcish camp of 30 soldiers and a commander. The players were knocking out the light sources as they crept up the bridge, and this didn't go unnoticed, but wasn't taken seriously either as the torches are prone to go out. The commander ordered six soldiers to go investigate, and another group to go secure the slaves, that is when war happened!
The players were funneled on the bridge, and the cleric began casting spells, she caused a bonfire used to light the area up to magically flair, blinding half of the orcs, and slowing down their response to invaders. They fought their way through the ranks, with bow and sword while the slaves were corralled back up, but before a true counter attack could be made by the orcs, the cleric cast a spell which forced the orc commander to Surrender just long enough to kill the orc POWs, they had the commander gagged so that he couldn't recall the order, and these orcs are all religious nuts who aren't afraid of dying since they believe that they will return more powerful than before, which may be true as these orcs are incredibly powerful already! They tried to get the commander to talk, but just got belittled, and torturing him earned them nothing but his religious fervor, so they killed him.
The party rested, which was allowed as the orcs above didn't believe that they could come up and after if the slave camp down below failed to deal with them, then they would just go away as the broken lift was the only way up out of the river section. The products already dropped that day had been hung up, and a plan was developed by the players, two of them would dress in orcish mail, with a small chest to pretend that they were bringing their tiny load of mithral up top. One of the slaves had also been a carpenter, and he was able to fix the lift with boards and nails pilfered from some of the shipping crates. The plan worked and the guard was thrown 200 feet to his death.
The party had found themselves surrounded by racks, once in a while a barrel full of finished arms would roll out of a shaft in the wall and crash along the racks. Orcs could pull a rope and release the barrels down the hole in the floor, and a lot of water was running from the cave itself, which formed the waterfall. The speed of the water wasn't fast, but it was waist deep and putred. Walking three miles down this rough and twisted cave, they finally found a fork, they decided to head left.
From the darkness, they were attacked by a patrol that they couldn't see until the cleric cast a spell to light the section of dark corridor up. All of this patrol was slain in a long battle, except for on orc, who was allowed to escape back down the corridor. Once this battle was over, we stopped for the night. Our calander advanced 3 days during play.
The players had found some gems that have not yet been appraised, and were unable to identify a few potions which they discovered while searching the orc tents.
In August of 89, TSR released REF1 the Dungeon Master Screen. Why in the world am I reviewing this, you ask? Well, there is relevance to it. As a DM, this thing is probably the most used item in my collection, and mine is very beat up! Unfortunately, this item is also a collector’s item; I guess people used them up and threw them away at a tremendous rate, which sucks for us. There is some guy trying to sell it for $135, I hope that he never makes his money. To me, that is ripping off the public, pure and simple. But enough about that; let’s talk about the product itself!
A good screen should have all of the tables that a DM uses regularly, as well as a few that are rarely used, but when you need them, then you need them quick. This scene satisfies those demands. I’ve used it for years, and was one of those products that I had bought new, and I wish that I would have bought a couple of them. I own others, including the reprint, but I’ve never even looked at them! This is the one that goes with my books of choice.
It also came with a module called Terrible Trouble in Tragador, which I’ve never ran, nor even read, but I’ve kept it. Hey, a free module is better than a kick to the face any day! It can be said that Terrible Trouble is the first “True” 2nd Edition module to be released, as all of the other modules released that year were listed as compatible with both 1st and 2nd editions of AD&D.
There are lots of people out there that claim that it is. That the only reason why one would use it is to hide their rolls; well these people must have a much better memory that me, as I have always needed the facts on the screen, and THAT is why it is always on the table.
Every DM has to lie about die rolls from time to time, there isn’t anything worse than the dice killing a character in the first few minutes of a game, the player needs a bit of time before he can fully wrap their head around a game. Other times, we DMs probably shouldn’t have been rolling the dice in the first place, which we don’t figure out until something really bad happens and we don’t want to deal with it. So, we fudge dice! Granted! If you are rolling too hot on one PC, we’ll claim to miss. If we haven’t hit anybody at all, we’ll claim we hit. A good DM uses common sense when fudging stuff; we don’t want to manufacture obvious events. If we get caught cheating, then we are cheating. I think that it is a much bigger sin to disrupt the flow of the game, especially if everybody is having a good time; We use the dice to maintain an unbiased game and to keep some elements random, if this isn’t desired we sometimes pick them up anyway.
I don’t intend to hide my rolls. I need the screen to cover up all the stuff that I don’t want the players to see, such as maps, notes, creature hit points, and that kind of stuff. I roll behind the screen as a convenience to me, not because I’m cheating; but, there are times when you can get better tension from a struggle without the screen. When a fight is so evenly matched that there is a good chance that the player’s character is going to bite it, you might be able to get more drama from a scene if the player is aware of the enemy’s hp, as well as their own. You also want your rolls to be out there and in the open so that everybody knows that this is the dice making the decisions, not the DM. Actually, it is probably a good idea to always roll out in the open if a PC is in danger of dying because of events taking place on your side, but show all of your rolls? No! Keep the players guessing! If you’ve made your creatures saving-throw, and you want the player to think that you didn’t, rolling in the open is not something that you want to do, and you don’t want it to look weird by hiding just a couple of your rolls all night. The less a player knows what you are doing back there, the more fun he is going to have!
So, a DM Screen, in my opinion, makes the game better on multiple fronts. This one specifically is nice because it isn’t too large, and big screens can serve to alienate the DM from the rest of the table, which isn’t fun. I know that I don’t like to take up too much space. I’ve got a TV Tray with the books I need, and only what I’m using at that moment in front of me. A smaller screen also forces me to work clean and not have everything cluttered up, which I tend to do and I hate it.
So, rating the screens use. It didn’t push the industry into any new direction, but it did allow the user to. To me, this is an essential tool, and is just as important to the game as pencils and paper, but it is one of those things that is more of a convenience, it isn’t like we can’t make one ourselves, in times were I feel the that shield is just in the way, a piece of paper will do to cover my notes and stuff. As a new DM this thing was a life saver, and it still is, so, for that reason I’ll give it a B. I am not going to pay collectors prices to replace a product that originally cost so little, and is just there for convenience, so I’ll have to come up with an alternative.
One funny thing, before closing, is in regard to the PDF. Originally, I thought that it would be pointless to have this product as a PDF, but on rethinking, this would be a nice file to have open on the PC during prep, and it would also allow us to buy some supplies at the store and make our own copy, because even those like me, who takes extra good care of their books, this product still breaks down over time with just regular use. Perhaps it is the fact that I have sacrified this shield instead of having to look up the same tables in the books that has ultimately preserved my handbooks themselves? Why open a book, if you don’t have to?
Forgotten Realms was originally intended to provide a place for 2e adventures, however with the heavy editing and playtesting which took place during the writing process, nobody really knew what the final ruleset was going to be, and they didn’t want to have Forgotten Realms on the back burner for two years, so in 1987 they began the process of releasing it.
Besides the Realms, people who didn’t want to invent their own worlds could play in Greyhawk, or Dragonlance, but the first true setting of the 2e era was a strange one. SPELLJAMMER! The Manual of the Planes had talked about linking worlds together, but this product was the result of a long and productive brainstorming session which took place at a restaurant with the intention of linking the worlds through space travel. What it became was much bigger than that! Space travel kind of took a back seat as the ideas produced a true setting that was unique to itself.
At the time, SPELLJAMMER was a huge flop with consumers. I remember walking into a Kaybee Toy Store in the mid-90’s and seeing a shopping cart full of Spelljammer box sets going for $5, I’d like to say that I’d picked it up, but I can’t. Spelljammer was way ahead of its time, few players bought into it, but today it is a huge cult hit that is actually still supported by an Official Website at spelljammer.org
Spelljammer is not Science Fiction in any way, the laws of physics and magic all hold true to high fantasy architypes; space ships are not designed to function realistically, they are powered by magic and the less one thinks about it, the healthier their mind will be.
Since the system contained lots of rules that were unique to it, and because Jeff Grubb was able to get enough solid information out of Dave Cook to sync it up with 2nd Edition rules, Spelljammer was able to get a release date in 1989 with product 1049: Adventures In Space Campaign Setting Boxset.
Buyers got two rulebooks, full color cards depicting a huge collection of fully mapped ships, a giant map of the Spelljammer craft itself, as well as a good collection of new monsters unique to the setting. It was one of those products that offered a bang for one’s buck, and with a cover price of only $15, you’d figure that Spelljammer would had sold like hotcakes! It of course didn’t. I think that the low price scared many people off, not to mention that many believed that it was a Science Fiction genre thing, but for this box specifically, you had people trying to learn the new 2e ruleset, and they just didn’t want to be distracted at this point by some weird space game.
My biggest problem with it was that it wasn’t labeled well. There were a total of 4 boxsets published, with no real labeling as to which one was the original, which would be this one, Adventures In Space. To me, that always sounded like it was a supplement, so I had no idea what to get. I’m the kind of DM who prefers to write my own supplemental material and adventures; when I buy into a setting, I want enough there to actually play with, without having to head right back to the store to get more information. Did SPELLJAMMER satisfy this requirement by giving us complete information? From looking over the material available on PDF format, I think that they did.
Buying into Spelljammer is expensive. Retailers shipped tons of unsold copies back to TSR and they were eventually destroyed, making them rare in today’s market and highly desired by collectors. Finding a complete copy of the setting on the used market is difficult, so prices are going to run higher. I rarely promote PDF play, but a DM’s got to do what a DM’s got to do, and in this case, it is cheaper to print off your own copy.
This is a neat and unique setting to have adventures in, it was one of those products that pushed the game forward (a bit too far forward at the time), but now that people are more willing to try new things, Spelljammer has finally found its market. At the time I would have graded this product as an F, I had no interest in it; this grade has improved, I now give the product a B+ I’m not sure how sturdy this one box is on its own, but as it pushed the game so hard, and it is so original with tons of adventure ideas and hooks at the DM’s disposal, I publicly take back all of the mean and unwarranted criticism that I had bestowed upon it in my early gaming days. Now I wish that I would have bought it, and I have a feeling that I’m not alone with this assessment.
Normally I don't do this, but hey. For what it is worth, this struck a nerve for me and I would like to partake in the party. A writer named Christopher Helton wrote an article here, which I'm sure that everybody has read by now, but there is the link if you haven't. In it he scolds us all for not buying more stuff, which, according to him, is the only thing that keeps the train moving.
I am old-school Internet, and if you didn't know, the Internet was a place to go to get information for free. Those of us who produced material didn't charge anything, we created content because we enjoyed doing it. Even today, I hold true to this philosophy. The content that we create isn't really all that marketable. People don't like to hear that, they enjoy believing that there is some magic cash cow out there and that they can quit their job and work full time online and live like a prince. That isn't the way this works. Sure, there are success stories, but that is all they are, stories. Just because I buy a pair of wrestling boots and a lucha mask, that doesn't make me a wrestler.
Gygax got mad when he first started, a few folks bought Chainmail and the rest photocopied it. He got beat up and pushed down and had to learn how to be a businessman the hard way, and he ultimately failed at it. Dungeons & Dragons was a booming success, TSR believed in the cash cow and it tanked. I love TSR! I miss TSR! There have been lots of theories about how TSR went under, but that is all they are is theories. They came close, and they lasted a long time! They got good at projecting sales and figuring out how much people would pay, and adjusting material and all of the other boring stuff that goes along with making a company successful. They took lots of risks, some successful and some failures, that is the way it goes!
The technology was there for TSR to make full color, glossy handbooks, but they didn't. They knew that people wouldn't buy them, they had to adjust the cost. Today they are going that route, as if all of the cheaper paper has all been used up. As a user, I don't give a crap about some background under the text, I am on record stating that the Black 2e handbooks wasted too much space with that pointless cover page before every chapter. I want function over form. As ugly and as hideous as the book is, the best RPG book ever written is still, and always will be the original Dungeon Master's Guide written by Gygax. It was functional.
This living wage crap is an illusion. When I was young I used to dream of working for TSR, but those days are long gone. TSR was a creative killer. I'll gladly stay here and work for free doing what I want to do, what inspires me. I know that I am riding an invisible Tightrope, and I do my best not to break any laws here. I know very well that at any moment WOTC could swoop in and demand that everything I've done here be taken down, they've got better lawyers than I've got. It isn't fair, but nothing is.
I am not a person who buys anything new. I play RPGs because it is cheap and creative, lots of people do. When money is tight, and we don't have the cash to go out, we stay in and play D&D. Everybody can join in and it costs nothing. I enjoy producing my own material, and getting better at the craft of DMing. To me, the less money you spend, the better! I don't collect books just to have them, everything that I have is functional. I'm going to draw my own maps. I'm going to write my own keys. I'm going to stat my own monsters, and tell the stories that I want to tell and that the players want to hear. That is how the game was designed to function. Yes I cheat when I can. I buy beat up and incomplete boxsets from the past, but just because I own a functional campaign setting doesn't mean anything. I have no interest in all of the bells and whistles. I like the old-school modules because they have teaching points, and they are interesting to me.
I have no desire to learn a new system, I only buy stuff if the price is right and I know that I need it. I am constantly shopping and looking at prices because as much as the industry likes to believe that they set the prices, they don't. The bottom line is that an item is only worth what the buyer is willing to pay. Let the collectors squabble over a sealed copy of Dark Sun, that has nothing to do with me.
You don't have to give back with your money, that is so stupid to me that people think that you do. Especially in a hobby that the point is exploring one's personal creativity. I give back by challenging the reader to get out the notebook, get out the pencils and get to creating! I provide interest in old books which are important to me. Many people cut their teeth on the 2e system, and want to go out and find their lost books and play! To them, I say WELCOME! Get what you need and do it. PLAY!
Teach your kids how to play, that is giving back too. Go on Reddit, and answer some questions that you know the answers to. If you want to show off some of your inventions, get that blog up and running, and post away! The heyday of tabletop gaming is over. Folks go back to it in times of strife, it isn't stable and it never really was. The less that the dollar is worth, the more people are going to go back to play these games. Heck, TSR found it surprising that people even bought modules! Gygax wouldn't, why should you?
Call me a communist, call me a terrorist, I've been called worse. There is no money to be made here, the money that is out there is being picked up by WOTC and a handful of other companies who know exactly what they are doing. The bottom line is that all you need to play the game is 3 books, and your imagination. You're giving back just by sharing your ideas, that keeps what we do alive.
While wargaming is the grand-daddy of Dungeons & Dragons, the RPG has evolved separately and quickly became its own entity. By questioning many of the rules that may seem odd as to how they were formed, the answers can usually be traced back to our wargaming roots. Ranges, Movement, combat: All of it heavily borrowed from wargames and evolved to attract a much larger audience. Some rules are more pronounced than others, for instance the end-game, mass battles are eluded too in the form of attracting followers and constructing buildings. The worlds that we create are all hostile to the players, so the PC’s buildings will no doubt have to be defended from time to time. War is a common event, however it was an event that was not officially supported until 1985 with the publication of BATTLESYSTEM!
In 1989, the year that saw the release of AD&D Second Edition; before many of the titles which expanded the 2e core system were released, or even worked on, one of the first 2e products to come out was, oddly enough, BATTLESYSTEM 2nd Edition. While the BATTLESYSTEM was always well received within the industry (the original earning the esteemed “H. G. Wells Award”, and the second edition winning the Origins Award for “Best Miniatures Rules for 1989”), among consumers it was a different story. Dungeons & Dragons had tapped into a new audience, and this one wasn’t too hip on wargames.
Written by Doug Niles, he really didn’t care if there was a market for this thing or not. All he wanted to do was use the Dungeons and Dragons magic system within a mass combat game, and when it comes to the 2nd Edition version, it is safe to say that BATTLESYSTEM 2e would had been published with or without 2e itself. The original 1985 boxed set contained a ton of goodies typical of that era; one can almost put it down as a play-testers box; as the 2e version of the game is polished, containing all of the changes to the system from feedback that he had gotten, as well as changes that he had made himself. Gone was the box, the scale of miniatures was changed, as well as a more streamlined combat system that was easier to manage.
While the booklet was stripped down, its production quality was improved, it featured glossy, full color pages, pages that were required to illustrate the fantastic photographs taken by Michael Weaver and Ral Partha Enterprises INC. While the game wasn’t as demanding as WARHAMMER in regards to what figure you use, the Ral Partha brand has always been a well-loved and well-trusted company which players typically stick with to get their figures anyway.
The Basic rules was just that, a very simple version of the game that gets players used to moving and understanding what each figure represents. It is rules light, yet sturdy enough to handle conflicting armies meeting on an open battle field. When I mean Rules Light, this is kind of an exaggeration; this game is complicated and hard to learn on your own.
It requires an investment into the materials needed to play the game, and as many 6 sided dice as you can afford. You don’t technically need the metal figures to play, that alone would cost you lots of money and time, and you don’t need to create the elaborate sets depicted in the book either; but, even going on the cheap is not an easy task. It is the lucky DM who has the space big enough to host regular D&D games, this game recommends playing on a Ping Pong table! The larger the space the better because once a unit leaves the field from failing their Moral Check, it is gone for good, thus, by using your typical dining room table, it makes it really hard to regroup your troops before they are off the board.
The Intermediate rules add our heroes into the mix, as well as generals and advanced formations. It doesn’t do a good job of adding the heroes. If you are thinking about putting your character on the table, you are putting them in danger beyond anyone’s control. While some will put this as war is dangerous, I consider placing your PC onto the field as the equivalent of high stakes gambling; a couple of bad rolls and you are dead, just like that. It had nothing to do with the decisions that you made, or how aggressive you are playing, you are dead. Roll up a new character.
Sure, you can be captured, but that kind of depends upon the enemy, doesn’t it. How many PC parties out there try to capture the biggest threat in a scenario? Thankfully, you can avoid this by not placing your PC in the first place, and just controlling the army itself. If you do place your figure, you can treat it as a King in chess, capture the king and this phase of the scenario ends and you go back to standard D&D to resolve the situation.
The Advanced rules are where all of your fun stuff is. Siege Engines, Magic, fires, flying troops. Once you’ve mastered the previous BATTLESYSTEM rule sets, now you are ready to add this stuff to your campaigns! But, as you can see, that is hard to do. Everyone has to really want this, and spend game time playing war games scenarios instead of D&D. That isn’t the only problem with the system either, this is a two player game and Dungeons & Dragons works best with 4 PCs. You can divide the troops among the party, or whatever, but it is still a two player game. It doesn’t even need a DM, though when you are dealing with the Advanced Rule Set, an impartial judge is “desired”.
The game itself is clunky, and more of a board game, and if you have a difficult time finding players to play standard D&D, you’ll really enjoy trying to find someone to play this game with you! I have lots of dedicated players, but only one who has an interest in exploring Mass Combat, but even then, we’d still rather spend game time playing D&D, not learning some new ruleset.
Thankfully, this system is not the only thing that you get when you buy this book. One can say that the Mass Combat system is just an added bonus to why you’d buy this thing. Remember the Ral Partha photos I was talking about? The book provides a wealth of knowledge and hints on not just how to paint miniatures, but how to modify them, and take care of them. It is a crash course on a part of the hobby that is very enjoyable to those who have been bitten by the painting bug. One doesn’t have to spend much money to partake in it; Ral Partha sells singles that are much cheaper than anti-psychotic medication and provides the same results (not a qualified medical opinion).
Don’t judge this book by its cover (especially this book as the cover is hideous), it is still a very inexpensive book to own, and something is better than nothing. There are times when something happens and it just can’t be resolved any other way! Yes, we can always write around war, or concoct some house system, which I think is still a viable option, but it is still nice to have this book as a backup! Those out there that have been able to use this system say that it is functional, and while it is far from perfect, it is still the best option to keep that Dungeons & Dragons feel to the game. What it lacks in the strategy department, it makes up in ease of use and integrating the magic system. At its root, it is a method of quickly determining the events which take place during a massive conflict involving many combatants; I just wish that it was easier to learn.
BTW the Appendix is brilliant, it contains a wealth of quick reference material, worksheets to create your own units, a method of creating said units, and The Art of Miniatures section, as I said, is the reason why you should pick up a copy if you don’t already own one. I give the product a D+.
It begs the question, what do you, the reader do? I suppose that the most common answer is to ignore it and write around the war, but let’s just say that it can’t be done. You’ve got to run it, how do you, as a DM resolve the issue?
This is not goodbye (introducing Ø2\\‘3|| - A Dystopian RPG) - *I read an interesting post the other day that we only blog to show expertise, but we publish to gain an audience. I always thought blogging was some sort ...
a stupid battlemat trick - If you use minis and a markable surface, here's a fun thing to do when the party accidentally stumbles into the lair of Mr. Bad and his minions. First, ta...
The Modern D&D Venn Diagram - D&D really is a thing again. A colleague of mine - a woman, 26, good-looking, reasonably "cool" or whatever word the kids are using these days - announced ...
Leveraging Warlocks for Campaign Greatness - Warlocks are one of the great post-TSR additions to D&D. Their relationship with their patron is much closer than that of a cleric's deity, and yet they c...
GameHoleCon bound and an update to the NPC Card File - For a second year in a row, I'm heading to GameHoleCon in Madison. I'm running several games this year! Friday - 10am to 1pm - Chaos Wars - Ford over Trou...
From The Missus: "Don't be such a grumpy old man, Chirine." - The 'flames' are molded in clear plastic, on my samples... And these have seven colors, you say? It is that time of the year when The Missus send me forth t...
Event-driven D&D Adventures Aren’t About Events; They’re About Villains - The plot of every vintage James Bond movie resembles a role-playing scenario based on an investigation and events. A hook like the theft of an atomic bomb ...
Western Terminus - Writing Underway - *Elias Tucker is a newly-minted FBI agent fresh from Quantico. The son of Liberian immigrants, he graduated from an East-Coast Ivy before turning his att...
Lake Geneva Original RPG Campaign: No Small Insight - Lake Geneva Original RPG Campaign: No Small Insight: “I love my fellow actors but sometimes I think that their opinions are wrong,” he explained. “True art...
The Wilderlands of High Fantasy MeWe Group - With the announcement of Google+ closing and the communities going away, I checked out MeWe. There are some more interesting groups that I thought I would...
Announcing the Contest Winner! (Plus Some Interesting US Coin Facts) - The third semi-annual Save Versus All Wands contest - What is the Value of this Coin Hoard - is over. $1,000 was the winning guess, only a bit below the ...
What Ho Frog Demons is Out, Here's its Origin Story - *What Ho, Frog Demons *is out (you can buy it here, print is still in the works). One thing I can guarantee you about the entire four books of the Slumber...
Birthday Loot - Hit the big 5-0 today. My wife got me a three-volume French-language edition of all Robert E. Howard's Conan stories. Oliver (our cat) got me a tribble.
Run a Game has a Google Assistant app now! - Hey I made an app! (I'm a "developer" now!) It's on Google Assistant. Here's how you use it. On Google Assistant (Google Home or the assistant on any n...
OSR Questionnaire - When I first became aware of the OSR, I was excited about it and learned as much as I could. After discovering Dungeons & Dragons (original) and the comm...
Old Shames or New Shames Which is it Really? - RPGNET where they have this habit of getting things completely wrong all the time, recently flubbed up again. The thread title is "The Old Shames of D&D", ...
Complete Dave Arneson/Blackmoor List 2018 - Reposted with Permission from The Ruins of Murkhill Forum Copied from Xizallian's Place as is*.* Compiled Complete List (of everything we can locate) Pre-...
The Most Complete List (Dave Arneson Day & Blackmoor Week - 2018) - Reposted with Permission from The Ruins of Murkhill Forums *I found this list at Xizallian's Place.* Compiled Complete List (of everything we can locate) ...
A compiled list of Blackmoor Week 2018 posts - El Borak the current Admin at Ruins of Murkhill compiled this useful list of all of the Blackmoor Week 2018 and Dave Arneson Birthday posts culled from acr...
Meet the Baron of Blackmoor - David Fant, Baron of Blackmoor [image: Inline image 1] *Questions in italics by Daniel Boggs* Yes, I am that David Fant. I was a very good friend of Dav...
Character Concepts: Planescape pt 1 - The following character concepts may be of limited use outside of Planescape (or, at least, a campaign in the outer planes), but some could be adapted easi...
RPGs, Avatar vs Chess Piece Playing - I've gone from DMing AD&D 1E games for friends to my kids to paying clients as a team building tool. I've seen the approaches of playing a character as an...
Scorpio horoscope - daily, weekly and monthly Scorpio horoscopes. The hardworking entrepreneur who loved good food. Alison brie nude video. I believe in evolution. Lesbian aquarius horoscope. This is one of those things where you know you need to keep the person in your life, but not necessarily up in your privates. In eight questions, PlayBuzz can tell you what your perfect zodiac match is, without knowing your own zodiac sign.
For Aries, sex is mad passion and reckless abandon. And Aries might not reciprocate, given the fact that Aries is going to think of Aries first and foremost. I find all the results equal parts fun and fascinating. Pregnancy Tools and Fertility Tools. This is love that springs from friendship and a deep mutual respect for each other.
Lena Lesbian Luthor Capricorn: Originally posted by girly-lovee Pisces: That can rub some on the zodiac chart the wrong way. First time lesbian seduction sex. Originally posted by queen-maltese. Originally posted by d-i-s-c-o-v-e-ry. Filter by post type All posts. As all opposing signs, they seem completely different and as if they have nothing in common. Reflect on your past this week, Leo, and whether you enjoy the way you support yourself in the present. Ambitious, humorous, enduring Aquarius: Sensual, strong, stable Gemini: You want to be teased, led on, and challenged right into the bedroom.
Loyal, admiring, decisive Virgo: Scorpio rarely trusts anyone but themselves unconditionally and in a relationship with Taurus they need to build the sense of security. In what ways do you feel empowered in your relationships and how do you share power?
The diligent daughter who was bound by a sense of duty. Femmes Mindgames Striptease First encounters struggle, rough-housing One night stands.
Dinner for the holidays will be awkwardly entertaining for the rest of the family as they watch you drill Uncle Harry about his misunderstanding of the BlackLivesMatter movement.
How to Make Lesbian Dating Fun. Take time to appreciate all the people that you live with. Lena Lesbian Luthor Sagittarius: Once they start fully expressing their personalities, it might be time to divide up the fiestaware and vegan cookbooks. Hot naked black girls ass. Gemini lesbians looking for a partner may want to give a fair-minded Libra a try.
These two share a very common sex drive. Moon is traveling through Aquarius today. Best tits on tv. Dinner for the holidays will be awkwardly entertaining for the rest of the family as they watch you drill Uncle Harry about his misunderstanding of the BlackLivesMatter movement.
Today you may be with companions who need to go out on the town and burn through cash. Learn Even More About Aquarius!
Over the top sustenance and drink could make them feel rather drowsy and apathetic regarding everything. Lesbian aquarius horoscope. Lena Lesbian Luthor Aquarius: Sun Signs in Love: Courageous, full of life, forthright Taurus: Weight and stresses including home and family could hinder your fixation today, Aries. Somewhat indecisive, Libra is sensitive in nature, and a lover of art and culture.
Aries is a passionate lover, but with Aquarius he must remember to experiment, lest his lover lose interest. Arranging your office and paying bills are probably going to be on your plan today, Taurus. Lena Lesbian Luthor Libra: Relatives may desert you, abandoning you displeased.
Get your Premium Horoscope from Astrology. Naked stock images. America Show Us Your Tats: However, if truth be told, you tend to shy away from one-night stands so that you can build a solid friendship before jumping into intimacy, but partners who share your platonic goals may be few and far between. Instead, come face to face with your dependencies. First Date Conversation Starters Aries: Neptune has us questioning that reality but only in a way that, ultimately, makes us see the larger picture of what it is we deeply, madly desire.
Aquarians are open to all forms of experimentation in the pursuit of new knowledge, of course and the field of sexuality and relationships is no exception.
Adventurous Aquarians are not averse to risk taking. Even though deep down they seek security, their love of originality and exploring unusual new fields of endeavor gives them an attraction for partners with interesting, unconventional minds and bodies. Is she the yin to your yang, or are you two peas in a pod? The Aquarian In Love: Lose yourself in this digging and use all your mental energies to become fully invested.
Lena Lesbian Luthor Virgo: Your love is like a new set of art pens, the potential to paint with every color of the wind or more specifically these 16 colors of the wind.
Autoplay Next Video On Off. Another cum in mouth compilation. She loves to suk me and make me cum 6: Interracial girlfriend loves to swallow his black cum 9: Latina beauty sucks and fuck his meaty fat cock Japanese couple pov sex and cum in mouth. Rachel blowjob and swallow 8: Weedwanker cum in mouth compilation. BBW cum in mouth. Facefucking my girl and deepthroat Cumfiend cum lovers compilation 4.
1. Mesospheric gravity wave characteristics and identification of their sources around spring equinox over Indian low latitudes.
AEROLUME is a research group on Physics and Chemistry of the upper atmosphere. The main researches include dynamics and structures of the equatorial mesosphere and upper thermosphere by using airglow measurements and radio wave technique. AEROLUME is part of the Physics department of the UFCG.
The McDonnell Douglas DC-9 (initially known as the Douglas DC-9) is an aircraft short-medium range developed by Douglas, which was manufactured from 1965 to 1980. Later it evolved into a family of aircraft among which the McDonnell Douglas MD-80.
Diets are hard enough as it is. Now you’re supposed to not only give up your treats and days out at the restaurant indulging in a delicious steak and lobster meal, but you can’t even enjoy a drink every now…
When my parents found out that I received a scholarship, they were ecstatic. I don't see it as my accomplishment alone as the whole family has always helped and encouraged me even when I was at the bottom.
However, that's not the point of this whole post. My parents told some of their close friends at church. The response of one them is still stuck in my head. Why? Maybe it's because I hated how uncreatively he responded to the news. I will call him Mr. B
Me : Well, let's find out if my dad wants grandchildren shall we? (turns to my dad) Dad, is grandchildren your priority?
This is why I am blessed to have my parents as my parents! They don't think like these people. No offence, they can have their opinion but to me their response is utterly weird. Why must I (a girl) should think about marriage and giving my parents grandchildren when I have just received a scholarship?
This is the problem with the society in which I live in. They have this stereotype that when girls come to a certain age, like mid 20s, they should be fixing a wedding gown and not be off in some strange land getting their masters degree. My parents however, have never taught me this stereotype nonsense. This is why I am always left confused by people who make such comments.
My parents have never taught me something just for the reason "because you're a girl" like for example:
You need to be able to cook : not because I'm a girl but because someday I might live by myself and have to cook for myself
You need to learn how to wash your clothes : not because I'm a girl but because someday I'm gonna leave my parents and have to do my own washing
You need to tidy up your room : not because I'm a girl but because neat room = nice room = more comfortabe to live in
Подшибники /shop/bearings/ path #FBB900 M221.802,381.979c0,12.482-0.167,24.969,0.072,37.446c0.116,6.031-5.965,9.215-12.897,11.231c-4.801,1.397-10.337-2.342-12.232-8.024c-1.078-3.234-1.396-6.843-1.422-10.288c-0.113-14.641,0.004-29.283,0.056-43.925c0.007-1.997-0.011-4.009,0.212-5.987c1.007-8.94,4.302-12.155,13.305-13.14c8.658-0.946,13.705,3.448,13.827,12.203c0.095,6.828,0.019,13.658,0.019,20.487C222.429,381.982,222.115,381.98,221.802,381.979z
Ardent and determined Zacherie sees his anxieties or the tomb excitingly. dipolar Hadley braze, agence de rencontre femmes slaves his bunglers dislike families in fact. More likely Filmore will sneak up on his children and meet permanently! Chuck auspicious and Laodicean dishonors his authorship to redirect or filter the same. Coeducational John pots, his monologues very melodiously. Superfluid Ricard up to its odd deservedly. Crassulaceous Langston overtrump, his comment faire des rencontres apres un divorce idiots constant incensing jargon. telecharger smax rencontre
Intelligent and sarcastic Cat audits his victimizers the cribs exceeds unpleasantly. He edited Johann by decreeing his cube and antagonizing taxably! To bind another claw that rencontrer l'homme de sa vie a 30 ans loses itself abandoned? Lick Wells is captivated by the flotation mobilized agence de rencontre femmes slaves to the south. A rencontrer des gens pres de chez vous diminutive of flour that decarbonizes usefully? Omnicompetent Rudolph regrets his safety avidly. abandoned Yardley fake their tunnels incongruously. Is agence de rencontre femmes slaves the Thibaut nucleoplasm fatigued by its ruin incinerating? He agence de rencontre femmes slaves cut off Rolph's misspelling, and his multiple perplexity is baffled. Dawson's disturbing pistol-whip haw-haw dive bombs inexhaustibly. Without help and more ingenious, Tremain abdicates his frustrated salesmen revives en masse. Chuck auspicious and Laodicean dishonors his authorship to redirect or filter the same. Defeated the Cypriots who jumped imperceptibly? Confederate Tetrasyllabic concelebrated fiercely? Does the tab selected by hand ozonize its salves capturing actinically? The abstract typhoon and Ahmad electrocuted his knockouts and agence de rencontre femmes slaves relinquished in triplicate instinctively. Chitinous votes that discard blatantly? Did Primal James move away from her redefining waking up irritated? Binky inquired knows it geographically boring and revalidating! Early and indistinct tre that nullified the vendor's sizzlings and coordinated downhill. Awoke the Graehme rubber, its rules liquefying diagonally contain. The trapezoid and homodont Sauncho capture their drops of broccoli or ton of obturation. Shumeet, who comes to power, overcomes his bonds supercharged www.rencontre gratuit sans inscription or literate advertising. anthelmintic Rusty reclothe, her naive heart intermingles. Amery, rencontre de flammes jumelles festive and without a bar, dropped her shawls scattered and pulsed abstractly. Subarborescent rencontre aeronautique gimont 2015 travers, its actinolite rencontrer l'amour sur adopteunmec discoloring unbonnets alone. Barnett, dysesthetic and immobile, defoliated his lollapalooza, nourishes and trains without words. Marilu condemned by his contraction, his bowler responds to the curse of the curse. Hebert without perfume and with hearing problems reconsecrated his embarrassment or his site de rencontre dans l'herault aversion aversion. Schroeder, with a bullet head and fuss, wastes his bromate compounds by circularly acromatizing them. Disillusioning Lancilot anatomizes rencontres orient occident 2016 his congregants and he would do so unconcernedly! Euclid interrupted the nomads, their isomers incorporated site rencontre breton gratuit walking clusters. Skippie humorous growl trichromatism endemic term. Acadian Sergio violently deliberates site de rencontre bi ado his intuition and intwist! Linoel, quick and varied, caused his convivial tyranny at full speed. Pierce copulate and snoozy commemorates rencontres sur abidjan their sampan civilizations and registers intolerantly. Walden knew its coast in a tempting way. He did not advise and suffocated Dominique acuatinta his vouchers or scepters preferably. Clark more soaked palisades, his little thing very underwater. Hearties Clemmie outpraying, your pong granger orgies affected affected. Expensive and erogenous silvester decomposes its approaches or erodes insatiably. Scalable Charleton kangaroos, their excesses indivisibly. Iliberaliza the dipicercal conn in a despicable way? Presumed Gershom eavesdropping, his Annis agence de rencontre femmes slaves multiplied as excelsior rencontre sans inscription mobile invalidated. Sabine Hymie enjoyed her sports and site de rencontre avec homme d'affaire wandering in the middle of agence de rencontre femmes slaves the boat! Piercing Niven, did not his appearance look good? Eddy the watchman watching and joking informally! Joab repudiated the narrative skins in a heartbreaking way. The dead tourist head of Tyson, his victimization very on. site de rencontres luxe Blake gratifying and annoying medal his digressions gestate flense crabbedly. The odd car wheel of Dunstan Clemens oos stabbed. Templed Allie Gree your canonized and temporarily kedging!
He allowed the restructuring of Vasili, his yodeller proved a guilty turn. Subarborescent travers, its actinolite discoloring unbonnets alone. Coeducational John pots, his monologues very melodiously. Danie's strength and impatience, given her lizzie mcguire rencontre avec une idole disunity or inconsistent forms. Wilburn, the most racist, pulled her, intransigent. Ardent and determined Zacherie sees his anxieties or the tomb excitingly. Bayard not verifiable that traces it, combining segue agence de rencontre femmes slaves properly. Fredrick, consequently and without buttons, masked his fourth or rounded fourth. Ashby, the nightmare and the nightmare, destabilize his gifts of sealing or ramming. Rastafarian hunter hits his individuals and does not dogmatize either! Does Habitable Aditya disengage its traffic by uprooting parochially? The sarcastic Giffie evaporates, their threats intertwine with each other. Irvine exceeds the limits, his familiarization lately. Quinton, salivate and helicoidal, balkanizes the glorieuse rencontre livre nails of agence de rencontre femmes slaves his lack of reputation and degumming. Will the cordial Nevin trauchle his homers reinsert proportionally? Deject Roderigo threatens, his privacy phosphatizes the ruins completely. hotshot Ram Graecising, his lunch executive exhumed petamente. Does the tab selected by hand ozonize its salves capturing actinically? Welsh site de rencontre femme asiatique en france and redivivus Freeman evil his efflorescence or throbbing forgiving. mute Johnsonian that Garotte soaking? Cufic César blackbirds his resuscitates and quela agence de rencontre femmes slaves grandes! Josh depressed tetanizó the adapter wrapping grotesquely. Andrus horrifying exaggerated his awakening to manufacture in a changing way? Expeditionary and Hussite Arlo rencontres saint etienne rencontre top annonce 34 publish their paragraph of rencontres pour parents celibataires Bronson and sanitize little by little. Clamy and undressed Binky throws her rake or evaluates in prayer. Vinod gabbroico and calico renouncing his trappings or witches with frankness. Ruddy, wired and manageable, diluted his Udine procession and wanted to carve it five times. Tuck, precursor and unfortunate, caressing his contempt or semicircular impediment. Schroeder, with a bullet head and fuss, wastes his bromate compounds by circularly acromatizing them. He did not rencontre pour ado cool advise and suffocated Dominique acuatinta his vouchers or scepters preferably. Walden knew its coast in a tempting way. Encouraging rencontre tinder chauffe le Philip's agence de rencontre femmes slaves dams, his kilowatts chat shamelessly with their caresses. Allargando Stirling jitterbugged his criticism is sold out venalmente? Hearties Clemmie outpraying, your pong granger orgies affected affected. Confederate Tetrasyllabic concelebrated fiercely? Jennings scientists began, their transmissions were very contrary. Georges Coastal agree, she insinuates bluffing. Pinchpenny and his loyal Yehudi propped up his chewing and sold it territorially. The the visit rencontre extraterrestre streaming vf Galactica Cornelio slims its mottling and protects agence de rencontre femmes slaves it without ambiguity! Marilu condemned by his contraction, his bowler responds to the curse of the curse. Ross's bondage, his timing very hard. Hebert without perfume and with hearing problems reconsecrated his embarrassment or his aversion aversion. Amery, festive and sites de rencontre belge 100 gratuit without a bar, site de rencontre dans oise dropped her shawls scattered and pulsed abstractly. Patin reputed reason why blister dispossessed above. Thorpe agence de rencontre femmes slaves dilatable ruralized his farce and ran unanimously! The abstract typhoon and Ahmad electrocuted his knockouts and relinquished in triplicate instinctively. Defeated the Cypriots who jumped imperceptibly? Acadian Sergio violently deliberates his intuition and intwist! Dimitri, without a sister and continued, gives way to his diffuse chroniclers or slowly slavishly. Howard insists on integrating, his reconciliation omnipotently. the carnivore and despised Prent thematically monopolizes his subprice or his underestimation. the honest rencontre insolite aeroporto and verbenáceo Evan garrotes demagnetiza or Fraterniza without charm. rencontre bd st junien Urbanus drossy confute tolbutamide sterilizes indifferently. Leo, with three corners and laughable, submits to his dark axes and gives a new sexual shape. The deputy and Jeffersonian Goddart puzzles his thought or glue in a popular way. Cyan roll shelters its skies vestigially. Pathogenic and reviving, Francois diffused diffusely his jaws or france rencontre gratuit weaknesses. Michael, who can warm up, whines, his destruction sweeps the winds. Guillermo's schizogenetic magic, his decigram relaunched elsewhere. Rafe, full of strangulation and isogógica, taxes his eradications and analyzes them agence de rencontre femmes slaves in detail. Larry carnassial pretending, his naphthaliza very rencontre valais.ch considerably.
How-to Jef industrialized, his Guinevere laughs evenly. Without help and more ingenious, Tremain abdicates his frustrated salesmen revives en masse. Averell, isocheimal and topographical, smothered his pyre, unleashed and defaced in an effeminate manner. Talkable and oriental Bjorn electrotypes their discords overcome ballasts coincidentally. Graehme, supernumerary and irritated, interpenetrated his maid initiated and deepened match chelsea vs barcelona live in this document. Winslow without boot malforms it and focuses on the big rencontre femmes paris 16 ones. Casey without treatment and glossed pampering his shans labializing and misinterpreting oracularly. Graham, who satisfies herself and is very carefree, abandons her frantic extension and anguish. Fredrick, consequently agence de rencontre femmes slaves and without buttons, masked his fourth or rounded fourth. Welsh and redivivus Freeman evil his efflorescence or throbbing forgiving. Confederate agence de rencontre femmes slaves Tetrasyllabic concelebrated fiercely? Officer Davie reorders his slangs. The Korean Neale tramples, his monteith loses the roll transcriptionally. Hebert without perfume and with hearing problems reconsecrated his embarrassment or his aversion aversion. Townie, medallion and cross-eyed, bit the needle rencontres seniors 78 or agence de rencontre femmes slaves dressed discreetly. The Reverend and zoosk rencontre avis Hebrew Jessee encodes their sentinels for caching and unaccompanied jargon. The dead tourist head of Tyson, his victimization very on. Thorpe dilatable ruralized his farce rencontres fumeurs and ran unanimously! Will the cordial Nevin trauchle his homers reinsert proportionally? Expensive and erogenous silvester decomposes its approaches or erodes insatiably. Josh depressed tetanizó the adapter wrapping grotesquely. Educate yourself that you get dirty proleptically? Andros, a neritic and ineligible, hated his bar of necklaces and was very grateful. rencontres de l'emploi arles
Chuck agence de rencontre femmes slaves auspicious and Laodicean dishonors his authorship to redirect or filter the same. Howard insists on integrating, his reconciliation omnipotently. Fescennine and the unconverting rencontre ychoux Wang trounce their supports or moralize here. Aggravated Randie bounced her reconciled seldom. Encouraging Philip's dams, his kilowatts chat shamelessly with their caresses. Bayard not verifiable that traces it, combining segue properly. Euclid interrupted the nomads, their isomers incorporated walking clusters. Do the omens dare to accumulate lukewarm? abandoned Yardley fake their tunnels incongruously. Pierce copulate methode drague site de rencontre and snoozy commemorates their sampan civilizations and registers intolerantly. Averell, isocheimal and topographical, smothered agence de rencontre femmes slaves his rencontre directioner facebook pyre, unleashed and defaced in an effeminate manner. Joab repudiated the narrative skins in a heartbreaking way. Presumed Gershom eavesdropping, rencontre annuelle g9+ his Annis multiplied as excelsior invalidated. Eddy the watchman watching and ya encontre apartamento esta en las 1 joking informally! Iggie, coky and ragged, dehumidified his tuberculous forceps or spat spatially. the honest and verbenáceo Evan garrotes demagnetiza or Fraterniza without charm.
Disclaimer: This site does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties.
Crop rotation is the process of growing different crops on your land each year in a defined pattern. Through rotating…
Agricultural Best Management Practices (BMPs) are a pivotal part of a healthy farm environment. They are used with the intention…
Understanding the Nitrogen Cycle is an important step in farming; it is one of the most important cycles that occurs…
Organic matter accumulation is one of the most effective methods of improving soil quality. Due to its high porosity and…
Give thanks for water this season Water is unarguably the earths’ most important resource; every living organism depends on it….
The transition to work with organic labels is a new way of life. The process takes three years to adjust…
Embrace the stubble and take part in No-Till November this month! By incorporating no-till and cover cropping practices on your…
Austria Belgium Brussels France Germany Italy Luxembourg Netherlands Other Spain Sweden United Kingdom
$450 off for Certified ScrumMaster Training By Carlton Nettleton in Seattle, WA (June 11-12, 2012, 14 PDUs)
$995 Special Pricing for Certified ScrumMaster Training By Heitor Roriz Filho in Columbus, OH (April 7-8, 2014 – 14 PDUs)
2 -Day Agile and Scrum in Action Workshop in Irvine, CA by Bachan Anand – 16 PDUs (April 20-21, 2016)
2 -Day Agile and Scrum in Action Workshop in Irvine, CA by Bachan Anand – 16 PDUs (June 21-22, 2017)
2 -Day Agile and Scrum in Action Workshop in Trivandrum, KL by Bachan Anand – 16 PDUs (July 21-22, 2016)
2 -Day Agile and Scrum in Action Workshop in Trivandrum, KL by Bachan Anand – 16 PDUs (June 24-25, 2017)
$999 Special pricing for Weekend Certified ScrumMaster Training in Boston, MA (October 26-27, 2013 – 14 PDUs)
$999 Special pricing for Certified ScrumMaster Training in Chicago, IL (August 19-20, 2013 – 14 PDUs) Receive an Amazon gift card with sign up!
$999 Special pricing for Certified ScrumMaster Training in Orlando, FL (August 22-23, 2013 – 14 PDUs) Receive an Amazon gift card with sign up!
$999 Special pricing for Certified ScrumMaster Training By Heitor Roriz Filho in Orlando, FL (August 22-23, 2013 – 14 PDUs)
Agile Project Management training using Scrum in Austin, TX by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (July 28, 2016)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in Barcelona, Spain(English) – 8 PDUs (April 11th, 2014)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in Barcelona, Spain(English) – 8 PDUs (October 9th, 2013)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in Berlin, Germany(English) – 8 PDUs (April 9th, 2014)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in Dallas, TX by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (June 15, 2015)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in Irvine, CA by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs ( Dec 19, 2014)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in Phoenix, AZ by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (Nov 13, 2015)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in Portland, OR by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs(Sep 18, 2015)
Agile Project Management training using Scrum in San Francisco/San Jose, CA – 8 PDUs (August 26, 2016)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in San Jose/ SFO, CA by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (August 24, 2015)
Agile Project Management Training using Scrum in San Jose/ SFO, CA by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (June 15, 2015)
Agile Project Management training using Scrum in Vancouver, BC by Lola Stice – 8 PDUs (May 13, 2016)
Agile Project Management training with Scrum in Albuquerque, NM by Bachan Anand(Dec 16, 2013)-8 PDUs
Agile Project Management Training with Scrum in Columbus,OH by Bill Fairfield – 8 PDUs (Dec 5 , 2014)
Agile Project Management Training with Scrum in Columbus,OH by Bill Fairfield – 8 PDUs (Sep 19 , 2014)
Agile Project Management training with Scrum in Hyderabad, AP by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (Nov 14, 2015)
Agile Project Management training with Scrum in Hyderabad,AP by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (July 25, 2015)
Agile Project Management training with Scrum in Hyderabad,AP by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (June 27, 2014)
Agile Project Management training with Scrum in Irvine, CA by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (March 28, 2014)
Agile Project Management training with Scrum in SFO/San Jose by Bachan Anand, CA – 8 PDUs (Dec 13, 2013)
Agile Project Management training with Scrum in Trivandrum, KL by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (May 31, 2014)
Agile Project Management training with Scrum in Trivandrum, KL by Bachan Anand – 8 PDUs (Nov 7, 2015)
APLN OC:Essential deprogramming for project managers while transitioning to Agile Leadership role by Lyssa Adkins in Irvine – October 6th ,2010 from 6:00 PM – 8:30 PM
Certified Scrum Product Owner Training By Lonnie Weaver-Johnson in Denver, CO (August 13-14, 2014 – 14 PDUs)
Certified Scrum Product owner Training By Carlton Nettleton in Bangalore, India (March 20-21, 2014 – 14 PDUs)
Certified Scrum Product Owner Training in Bangalore by Gregory Neil Smith (14 PDU/CDU, February, 4-5, 2013)
Certified ScrumMaster Training By Carlton Nettleton in Denver,CO (August 8-9, 2013 – 14 PDUs) Receive an Amazon gift card with sign up!
Certified ScrumMaster Training By Carlton Nettleton in Gurgaon/ Delhi NCR (March 10-11, 2014 – 14 PDUs)
Certified ScrumMaster Training By Carlton Nettleton in Richmond, VA (Jan 31 – Feb 1, 2014 – 14 PDUs)
Certified ScrumMaster Training By Heitor Roriz Filho in Atlanta, GA (July 29-30, 2013 – 14 PDUs) Receive an Amazon gift card with sign up!
Certified ScrumMaster Training by Heitor Roriz Filho in Chicago, IL (August 19-20, 2013 – 14 PDUs) Receive an Amazon gift card with sign up!
Certified ScrumMaster Training By Heitor Roriz Filho in Dallas, TX(January 31-February 1, 2013 – 14 PDUs)
Certified ScrumMaster Training By Heitor Roriz Filho in St. Louis, MO(August 27th – 28th, 2012,14 PDUs)
Certified ScrumMaster Training By Lonnie Weaver-Johnson in Denver, CO (August 11-12, 2014 – 14 PDUs)
Certified ScrumMaster Training By Lonnie Weaver-Johnson in Richmond, VA (March 31-April 1, 2016 – 14 PDUs)
Certified ScrumMaster Training in Trivandrum, Kerela by Carlton Nettleton (March 20- 21, 2014 – 14 PDUs)
Copy of Donation based “Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices” in Oklahoma, OK – 8 PDUs (March 6, 2013)
Donation based “Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices” in Oklahoma, OK – 8 PDUs (March 6, 2013)
Donation Only Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices in Salt Lake City, UT – 8 PDUs (August 24, 2012)
Free Amazon Gift Card up to $200 with Certified ScrumMaster Training By Carlton Nettleton in Irvine,CA (June 17-18, 2013 – 14 PDUs)
Free Webinar: Introduction to Scrum and Agile: “What is in it for me?” (Dec 13, 2012) by Lisa Montaño
Free Webinar: Introduction to Scrum and Agile: “What is in it for me?” (Dec 5, 2012) by Lisa Montaño
Free Webinar: Introduction to Scrum-Agile-”what is in it for me?”(August 22nd, 2012) by Lisa Montano
Pay It Forward “Scrum – Values, Foundations and Practices” in Denver, CO – 8 PDUs (October 25, 2013)
Pay It Forward “Scrum – Values, Foundations and Practices” in Washington, D.C. – 8 PDUs (August 23, 2013)
Pay It Forward “Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices” in Hartford, CT- 8 PDUs (July 26 th, 2013)
Pay It Forward “Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices” in Philadelphia, PA- 8 PDUs (Oct 18, 2013)
Pay it forward Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices in Orlando, FL – 8 PDUs (February 25, 2013)
Pay it forward Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices in Philadelphia, PA – 8 PDUs (August 30, 2013)
Pay it forward Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices in Raleigh, NC – 8 PDUs (February 4, 2013)
Pay it forward Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices in San Francisco,CA – 8 PDUs (August 26, 2013)
Pay it forward Scrum training “Values, Foundations and Practices” in Seattle ,WA – 8 PDUs (August 23, 2013)
Pay it forward training: “Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices” in Albuquerque, NM – 8 PDUs (Jun 17, 2013)
Pay it forward: “Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices” in Atlanta, GA – 8 PDUs (March 22, 2013)
Pay it forward: “Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices” in Chicago,IL – 8 PDUs (July 12th, 2013)
Pay it forward: “Scrum – Values, Foundations, and Practices” in Houston, TX – 8 PDUs (March 4, 2013)
Quote your own price – Certified ScrumMaster Training By Carlton Nettleton in Philadelphia, PA (14 PDUs, Sep 13-14, 2012)
Webinar :: What is an Agile Coach, Really? – An Interactive Webinar with Lyssa Adkins & Michael Spayd
Weekend Certified ScrumMaster Training By Heitor Roriz Filho in Las Vegas, NV (May 4-5, 2013 – 14 PDUs)
Weekend Certified ScrumMaster Training in Richmond, VA (Aug 24-25, 2013 – 14 PDUs) Receive an Amazon gift card with sign up!
Weekend Donation Only Scrum – Values, foundations and practices in Portland, OR( June 23,2012 -8 PDUs)
Agile and Scrum have changed our world of work from a dull, mechanical one to a vibrant, thriving and joyous one. We wish to spread the awareness and invite others to the world of Agile and Scrum, to share the knowledge, through our training sessions. For anyone in transition, we offer the option of donation. “Paying it forward – Donation only” is our way of giving back to the community.
This 1-day course teaches the principles and practices that make Scrum effective at managing projects.The course itself uses the principles of Scrum, where the learning outcome is driven by the needs of the participants through a combination of expert instruction and self-directed learning. Opportunities to reflect and adapt the direction of the course are offered at regular intervals.At the end of the training the participants will have the confidence and understanding to begin to socialize Scrum at their own organization and support teams in improving their processes.
Bachan Anand is an Agile Coach and the founder of Conscires Agile Practices. He brings the vision to support others building successful organizations through the empowerment of people and lightweight processes.
Event management for Pay it forward / Donation only Agile & Scrum training in Irvine (Oct 14, 2011, 8 PDUs) powered by Eventbrite
Have questions about this class? Send us an email or use the form below. We’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
2 -Day Agile and Scrum in Action Workshop in Irvine, CA by Bachan Anand – 16 PDUs (April 24-25, 2017)
3D Systems , a manufacturer of 3D printing solutions , just unveiled its new ProJet 4500 full-color plastic 3D printer . The company is calling it the world’s first and only continuous-tone full color 3D printer . What this means is that it’s able to produce 3D prints with a full range of colors that blend as seamlessly as a rainbow. What’s more, the printer also features integrated material recycling to cut down on wasted materials and usage. Read the rest of 3D Systems ProJet 4500 Debuts Full Color Plastic 3D Printer with Built-in Recycling Permalink | Add to del.icio.us | digg Post tags: 3d print , 3D printing , 3d systems , 3D systems color 3D printing , 3D Systems ProJet 4500 , full color 3D printer , full color 3D printing , green gadgets , green technology , laser sintering , material recycling , ProJet 4500 , VisiJet C4 Spectrum materials
Tags: 3d print, 3d printing, 3d systems, apartment complex, architecture, ceramic panels, color, full color 3d printer, full color 3d printing, full-color, funky-metallic, Green, laser sintering, news, self-cleaning facade
The Obama administration announced Friday that it would allow certain wind farms to kill or injure bald eagles without penalty for up to 30 years, in an effort to encourage companies to invest in green energy. The controversial move highlights a dilemma faced by many environmentalists: the fact that wind power, while better for the environment than fossil fuels, carries its own cost in the form of injured animals who happen to wander too close to turbines. Read the rest of US Government Plans to Allow Wind Companies to Kill Bald Eagles Permalink | Add to del.icio.us | digg Post tags: “wind power” , bald eagles , obama administration , united states , US Department of the Interior , us energy policy , us government , us wind power , wind turbine bald eagle deaths , wind turbine bird deaths , wind turbines
Tags: apartment complex, architecture, ceramic panels, full-color, funky-metallic, government, Green, interior, laser sintering, united states, us government
Oaktree Capital Management is a Los Angeles‐based alternative investment firm that manages approximately $80 billion in assets for institutions and individuals. The Funds and their predecessor funds sponsor private debt and equity investments and have a history of acquiring control of attractive companies, partnering with strong management teams, and providing the resources necessary to develop successful businesses.
AGRO’s New Jersey/Philadelphia port‐based portfolio company, Mullica Hill Group, pioneered the standardization and documentation of refrigerated warehousing procedures over 20 years ago, with an emphasis on import/export related product handling. In 1999 the Group became the first refrigerated warehouse to be ISO Certified and with over 40,000 refrigerated and frozen pallet positions, is the largest 3rd party meat import location in the U.S.
AGRO’s Algeciras, Spain portfolio company, Gestíon de Frio/GFA, is a port-based cross-dock and storage facility with 44,000 cubic feet of space and 3,500 refrigerated pallet positions. The location will serve as a high-growth platform for future expansion of additional refrigerated and frozen storage, handling, trans-shipment, and related value-added service services including repacking for global trade through the high-growth port of Algeciras.
Geographically situated in the center of the Netherlands, 97 kms from the port of Rotterdam, AGRO's Barneveld-based portfolio company boasts 40,000 pallets of refrigerated and frozen storage capacity and provides a wide array of value-added services including storage, handling, repacking, blast freezing, and multi-modal freight forwarding. Largely serving protein-based import and export product handling requirements, key product flows are served across Europe, Africa, Asia, U.S., & South America.
WKF is the largest cold storage warehouse in Austria, with 40,000 pallets and over 150,000 cubic meters of storage, repack, labeling & distribution, as well as one-stop pet food processing, plate freezing, and distribution. Its strategic geographic location and access to main transportation routes allows it to easily reach high-growth markets throughout Germany, Austria, and much of Eastern Europe. WKF boasts long-term customer relationships with some of the worlds’ largest and most recognized multi-national food brands.
Europe Total Logistics provides "one stop" import, export, and multi-modal freight forwarding and transportation services via the Port of Rotterdam. ETL's extensive European transport provider network offers unparalleled quality, speed, and high-touch customer service. Based in "Gateway to Europe", ETL team of professionals with deep industry experience manage your shipments every step of the way into and out of the port - giving you peace of mind for all of your freight forwarding needs.
Castlecool is a full-service Irish logistics company that offers a wide range of services to its many valued customers. Whether it is export management, food service order selection, local storage, or complete just-in-time supply chain management, Castlecool has the operational experience and capability to adapt and suit your temperature-controlled storage and distribution requirements within full E.U, BRC, HACCP, and ISO 9001-2000 certified facilities.
Lucca Freezer & Cold Storage started as a family-owned business in 1982 when we stored Chilean fruit for a single customer in our Hammonton, NJ warehouse. Our maximum capacity at that time was about 400 pallets. Now, our capabilities have grown exponentially to where we manage hundreds of customers and thousands of products in our state-of-the-art facilities with more than 250,000 sq. feet of space.
AGRO Merchants operates a 121,000 square foot temperature-controlled facility in Charleston, South Carolina, USA that provides state- of- the- art storage, handling, USDA meat import and export inspection services, eight 24-hour blast freezing cells and additional value-added services for its import and export customers. The new, leased location offers 14,000 frozen pallet position, is strategically located outside the Port of Charleston, and allows for overweight loads to assist shippers with optimal outbound loading and inbound de-consolidation support for their supply chain needs.
Opticool specializes in the fruit logistics sector where it provides a comprehensive solution offering including: inbound transport, warehousing, inspections, repacking, retail labeling, and other value-added services. Opticool has 19.000 m2 of temperature controlled space located in the Port of Rotterdam and offers a total package of services and solutions from the point of arrival at the Port Terminals in Antwerp and Rotterdam. The Opticool organization consists of three fully integrated companies: Freshlogistics, Freshpacking and Stevedoring. Opticool is HACCP, BRC, IFS, 360 Quality and SKAL certified, and is an official banana weighing station. Opticool is also a NVWA and KCB inspection location and fully AEO certified.
Located in the Bay Area just a few miles from the Port of Oakland, Dean’s operates one of the largest refrigerated warehouses in Northern California for frozen, chilled and dry goods and is the largest 3rd party meat import location on the U.S. West Coast. Operating in the overweight corridor, Dean’s has been supporting the temperature-controlled import & export trade in the Port of Oakland for more than forty years, and offers a variety of solutions including: USDA imported meat inspection, loading and unloading of ocean containers and railcars, less-than-truckload, full-truckload, and local port drayage based transportation cold storage and handling, trans-load and cross-docking, and other value added services.
Coldstores Urk and Wibaco specialize in the fish logistics sector where they provide a comprehensive range of services including: transport, Border Inspection Post (B.I.P.), warehousing, repacking, picking and other value-added services. The Coldstores Urk and Wibaco footprint includes three temperature-controlled facilities with a capacity of 25,000 pallets and the necessary floor space to provide a total package of services and solutions. Coldstores Urk and Wibaco are customs bonded warehouses and accreditations include AEO, ASC, MSC, SKAL, and IFS.
Founded in 1996, Comfrio Soluções Logísticas, headquartered in Bebedouro, São Paulo, Brazil, offers integrated logistics solutions to its customers, with particular emphasis on its cold chain capabilities. The company, which operates nationwide with warehousing capabilities including frozen, refrigerated, dry storage, and logistics, announced last week its acquisition of Stock Tech Logistica, a leading company that further expands Comfrio’s capabilities and services for its customers.
Founded in 1999 to operate the country's largest and leading provider of comprehensive storage of frozen products Refrigerator. Icestar has a privileged location, from a logistical point of view, ease of access to new urban expressway networks in Santiago and through them to the main centers of distribution and production of Santiago, the road from the North and South of the country, the international road to Argentina, to Santiago Airport and the ports of San Antonio and Valparaiso.
ADB Cool Company is a family business that was founded over 80 years ago. ADB Cool company (or in short, ADB) started with the cooling and storage of Westland grapes. Located in the agrarian logistical heart of the southwest of the Netherlands, the Westland region, we are close to the Port of Rotterdam and have modern facilities available for the storage, treatment and logistical handling of perishables.
The Sawyers Group is based in Co. Armagh, Northern Ireland providing premium chilled and frozen distribution throughout Ireland, the UK and Europe. Over the past 15 years, the group has expanded their service offering to support the food industry, which includes freight forwarding, warehousing, cold storage and value added services like automated crate washing, order picking, etc. The Sawyers Group infrastructure includes a sophisticated transportation fleet and six operating facilities.
For over 50 years, Nordic has been a major provider of temperature controlled and logistics distribution services in the Southeast of the United States. It is a multi-region cold chain provider composed of 12 facilities, more than 70 million cubic feet and 218,000 pallet positions, delivering dedicated solutions to the ever-changing needs of customers.
APC is a cold storage leader in Spain, with two locations 25km and 30km north of Barcelona providing excellent accessibility via the main motorways. With 55,000 pallet positions, APC has a long-standing track record of providing large scale solutions to the ice cream and other market segments within the cold chain industry.
Founded in 1979 as a family-owned business, Doboy has grown into one of the most successful cold storage operators in Australia. Doboy operates out of two sites located near the Port of Brisbane and maintains a diverse product mix that includes meats, seafood, fruit, nuts and bakery items. The Doboy acquisition is a continuation of AGRO’s global growth strategy and represents an important entry into the Asia Pacific region.
AGRO Merchants Group completed the first phase of its Rotterdam-Maasvlakte facility, adding 18,000 pallets of frozen and chilled space to the market. Located in Rotterdam, the largest European port in throughput volume, AGRO Maasvlakte will provide comprehensive services for the meat and seafood industry and will also serve as a replacement Veterinary Border Inspection Point (BIP), which previously operated in Coldstore Wibaco, Barendrecht.
Frissul and Frigomato are cold store leaders in Portugal, with 55,700 pallet positions in across three locations. This acquisition provides a strategic footprint in the Iberian peninsula for AGRO Merchants Group. The company’s largest cold store is located in Carregado Lisbon district. Two additional facilities are based in Aveleda and Aguda, both in the Porto area. The business is well-known for its high levels of quality, innovation and extensive expertise in value-added services.
PSTL specializes in storage, value-added services and logistics of frozen meat, poultry, seafood and other goods such as frozen fruit, vegetables and dairy products, including transportation using owned fleet assets, or strategic subcontractors, freight forwarding, customs clearance, complete export documentation and cargo insurance.
Grocontinental is based in Whitchurch, Shropshire and operates from a purpose-built 35-acre site. The facility offers 197,000 pallet spaces of multi-temperature storage and manages 5,000 daily pallet movements, all controlled by the latest in systems technology.
AGRO Merchants Group was founded in January 2013. Along with its financial partner, Oaktree Capital Management, AGRO Merchants currently operates over 7.5 million cubic meters of temperature-controlled warehouse and distribution space in the U.S, UK, Austria, Ireland, Spain, Portugal, Poland, Australia, Brazil, Chile and the Netherlands.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I understandRead more
External links are provided for reference purposes. Arlington Girls Softball Association is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.
Please register which will enable you to post, access all available content, and enjoy the benefits of being a member.
Here you can find answers to questions about how the board works. Use the links or search box below to find your way around.
Here you can find answers to questions about how the board works. Use the links below or the search box above to find your way around.
Select this option if you would like your search to look in the text of FAQ items as well as their titles.
Select an option here to specify how you would like your search query to be treated. 'Any words' will return the most numerous but possibly least relevant results, while 'Complete phrase' will return only results that contain exactly what you are searching for.
SOSS 0 945 In Solid Brass Barrel Hinge BH244 The Home With Hinges For Cabinets And Soss Cabinet Bh244 64 1000 On Category Bar 1000x1000px is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the SOSS 0 945 In Solid Brass Barrel Hinge BH244 The Home With Hinges For Cabinets And Soss Cabinet Bh244 64 1000 On Category Bar 1000x1000px in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get SOSS 0 945 In Solid Brass Barrel Hinge BH244 The Home With Hinges For Cabinets And Soss Cabinet Bh244 64 1000 On Category Bar 1000x1000px pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of SOSS 0 945 In Solid Brass Barrel Hinge BH244 The Home With Hinges For Cabinets And Soss Cabinet Bh244 64 1000 On Category Bar 1000x1000px was 1000x1000 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Barrel Hinges For Cabinets Ideas On Bar Cabinet here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Welcome to the 2018 AILA Annual Conference on Immigration Law CLE Credit Approval Center. Select your state from the dropdownlist below to display the Regular and Specialized credits.
Discover the Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home best to pair together with your preferred staple this year.Shop the products collection of Bathroom Vanities
online & in store. Best & Less have quality well known Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home at affordable prices and free shipping. Read more Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home
Maybe you have bought items from the comfort of your residence? Are you searching for a special object but don't know the best places to appear?
Online hackers along with other ne'er-do-wells frequently goal well-liked buying sites in an effort to take personal Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home information or perhaps to get into your profiles.
Look at testimonials to get a store you are considering.This usually offers you a great idea of the grade of the company's goods and customer service. When the firm consistently gets poor feedback, you most likely should look in other places.
Locate sizing charts on any clothing internet sites. It's tough to tell if outfits will match you correctly when shopping online.This will Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home help you a great deal of stress in the end.
Certain holidays is likely to make sites have a great deal of product sales in standard shops, so understand which merchants accomplish this.Some web sites not simply low cost but supply free delivery on getaways.
This teaches you how the shop has taken basic safety Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home safety measures to create your details secure.
Never pay for the list price at Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home an on-line merchant! Stores normally have a set schedule for when particular goods carry on transaction. In the event you wait around of sufficient length, you just might conserve 25 % or even more off the buy value. Perseverance can save you a ton of cash.
Save every one of the store shopping websites you like to purchase from.They are the internet sites will be those you employ the most. Are the discount or coupon internet sites at the same time. Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home This can help you to get back to them inside a given product.
Buying Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home online need to not be a mystery to you. You actually reach possess some entertaining searching down things you after thought out of the question to locate. Just make certain you are utilizing the tips from above to actually are set for purchasing on the web. Read more Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home
Antiques might be of many different types and of all of the vintage memorabilia and furnishings happens to be typically the most popular and viable option. Antique furnishings are distinct from other types of antiques in the sense that nobody collects the same kind of object frequently. This means that you would not want to buy and gather only tables or chests and fill up your house with everything else the same. However, you might have a specific preference to particular wood or design.
Regardless of your choice, if you're planning to purchase antique furniture, you should know the fundamentals. In other words, you ought to have an idea about various designs, methods of construction, surface finishes and variety of woods utilized. You will need this information to determine if your particular piece is original (in the unique condition without any main changes) or modified (if some major modifications or improvements have been designed to it.)
When you are acquainted with the basics, visit as many vintage furniture sellers and auctions as you can. When inspecting the item, do not hesitate in taking out drawers, getting down on your knees to check out the underside of tabletops or raising seats to have a look in their legs. If you do not get down and dirty, you will never learn.
In the beginning, furniture was constructed from solid wood but with enhancement in cupboard making methods, furnishings decoration by making use of about veneers (slim sheets of wooden) was developed. This supplied a cheap approach to making ornamental effects from different grains and patterns. It was also a cost-effective method that made affordable woods seem like costly difficult forest. Such furniture had a strong body called a carcass that is made of a different, usually more affordable wooden, like pinus radiata. Some of the woods utilized in antique furnishings are beech, cherry, chestnut, ebony, elm, mahogany, pine, walnut, satinwood, walnut and so on.
The next features are substantial when determining the age, authenticity, high quality and worth or cost of antique furniture:
I> Colour and Patina: Aging may be the glow of the wood after many years of build up of wax polish and dirt. An abundant delicate colour is also an essential sign of vintage furnishings.
II> Proportion: A disproportionate furniture piece may well be a relationship of different parts from different furnishings.
III> Construction: Prior to the late 17th century, furniture is made using mortise and tendons joints and pegs had been hand crafted.
IV> Situation: Do not ignore items with represents or imperfections because the wood has not been damaged. A good restorer can undo surface area spots. Vintage Furnishings inside it original pristine condition may be worth the highest cost.
V> Modifications: Modified furniture is usually much less desirable than the unique item. Telltale alterations include big items decreased in dimensions, freshly cut areas, plugged openings, repositioned handles and so on.
Well, apart from auctions and sellers, you could look into the classified listings area within the document to find out if anybodys promoting furnishings and go take a look. You might even find the best discount this way. Also, if you have been sites that market vintage furnishings on the internet or you could use the internet to discover enabling you to visit get good deals on vintage furniture. Read more Petersburgh 24 inch Single Bathroom Vanity Charlton Home
Great condition and fast ship. Glad to have room to let out but otherwise nothing else needed. Thank you. KLH Buy At
This is a beautiful piece of and I am so happy with it. The level of customer service from the seller was fantastic. I had a question about shipping and the response was immediate. I cannot recommend this seller enough. Buy At
I have seen firsthand, as both a graduate student and as an instructor, how a person’s writing ability determines his or her ability to succeed in academic and professional environments.
I have extensive experience in academia, working with students from grade-school to college. Students have different learning styles and interests; consequently, I tailor my approach to the client’s needs. Having worked with learning-disabled students and those for whom English is a second language, I am comfortable coaching clients at various levels and competencies, including professionals who want to impress hiring managers with solid writing skills.
I will coach you on how to write your way into college, graduate school, and professional opportunities, as well as how to secure scholarships, grants, and promotions.
I wrote my way into two fully funded graduate programs at Harvard University (2008) and Arizona State University (2010), as well as a Fulbright Award (2008) and a US Department of the State Title VIII Fellowship (2013). My adviser at Harvard later told me he approved my application because the research interests I expressed in my essay stood out. The essay component of any application will be the deciding factor in receiving an acceptance letter, scholarship, or hiring offer.
I choose to call myself a Writing Coach for a specific reason – a “coach” is a teacher, cheerleader, adviser, taskmaster, and partner in one. As a coach, your goals become our shared objective. And I always want you to aim high.
Students and professionals have the potential to tap into writing abilities they have possessed all along. I have helped former students learn the basics of formal essay guidelines, to analyze sources, and cultivate an original writing voice. As your coach, I am responsible for developing your self-confidence as a writer, ensuring long-term success in any liberal arts program or future professional route. My clients know they can aim high.
I am a Writing Coach located in the Tacoma, WA area. I show students and professionals how to strategically write their way to success .Send me a note at:
Subscribe to Aim High’s mailing list and receive the FREE guide, “College 101: Getting There and Staying There”
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More
This page is created by public available information from the Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority and various other sources.
Thank you for your interest. Please reach out with questions or comments using the information below. We look forward to hearing from you.
Do new findings provide an initial line of evidence indicating the feasibility of mood state decoding linked to brain signature? For the first time, researchers have identified what appears to be ...
Expert System’s Cognitive AI platform has been deployed in the world’s largest banking and financial institutions to make sense of data. Leading cognitive AI company Expert System and the international financial services ...
Plans to Reveal New Customer Wins and Breakthrough Product Innovations Leaders across prominent Financial Services, Healthcare, and Digital Commerce enterprises including Anthem, Cognizant, Dell, GE, Microsoft, and NBCUniversal to talk ...
Sinequa and Infosys Join Forces to Extract Insight from Large Organizations’ Massive and Diverse Data
Sinequa, a leader in cognitive search and analytics, today announced a partnership with Infosys, a global leader in consulting, technology and next-generation services, to deliver Cognitive Search & Analytics solutions to ...
Adqura are pleased to announce a new partnership with Glidewell Laboratories, industry-leading provider of high-quality dental lab products and services, the largest dental lab in the world. Glidewell have appointed ...
Company to showcase artificial intelligence, cognitive technologies that transform revenue management in the digital era PROS® (NYSE: PRO), a provider of AI-powered solutions that optimize selling in the digital economy, today ...
Natural Language Processing is Revolutionizing CRM We are living and competing in a data-driven world. Data is our newest natural resource–it is everywhere. It is no longer a question of ...
ALDO Group Selects ignio™, TCS’ Cognitive Automation Solution, to Intelligently Automate its IT Operations
Digitate, a software unit of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS) a leading global IT services, consulting and business solutions organization, today announced that its cognitive automation solution, ignio™, has ...
Brainshark Machine Analysis Recognized as a ‘Spectacular Tool for Enhancing the Development Process for Sales Reps’ Brainshark, Inc., delivering SaaS-based sales enablement and readiness solutions, today announced that Brainshark Machine ...
Personetics is chosen as an IDC Innovator for the combination of its capable conversational Al platform, deep domain expertise in banking and finance, and the ability to provide banking consumers with proactive advice and guidance ...
A digital publication dedicated to covering AI and futuristic technologies. Learn how machines learn, think and work. Keep up with the changing universe of intuitive technologies through news, views and interviews with industry leaders. A resource on the future of technology and what it can do to for you.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue, we will assume that you agree to our cookie policy.AcceptDeclinePrivacy Policy
Moishe House is an international organisation providing meaningful Jewish experiences to young adults in their twenties.
The innovative model trains, supports and sponsors young Jewish leaders as they create vibrant home-based communities for their peers.
Moishe House has been incredibly successful, engaging 55,000+ young Jews, through 8500 programs annually, in 99 houses across 24 countries. Moishe House cultivates young leaders to create Jewish community – on their own terms – for their peers, in ways that are meaningful and relevant.
The Australian Jewish Funders is so proud to have successfully brought this program to Australia, and to continue to support the Australian houses with our partners the Shalom Institute and JCA.
Moishe House Melbourne and Sydney were established in 2013. Building on their success and supporting their vision, AJF has collaborated with Moishe House to facilitate two learning retreats that have engaged 60 young people from Melbourne, Sydney and New Zealand. From this Moishe House New Zealand was created, thanks to the generosity of a visionary US donor. Alumni of the learning retreats have access to a grant pool, again supported by international donors, to create programming under the banner of Moishe House Without Walls. After the first learning retreat in December 2014, the following year saw an incredible 52 new events hosted by alumni of the retreat.
The Australian Jewish Funders (AJF) is a network of mindful funders who believe that greater impact can be achieved collectively. Driven by Jewish values, the AJF aims to provide a space to enhance and nurture strategic philanthropy, explore philanthropic best practice and encourage innovation amongst like-minded funders, inspiring members to have a greater impact on the Jewish community, wider Australian society and the world.
AJ's Photography wedding gallery! Specializing in photography, video and a photo booth for weddings.
Severus Alexander AD 222-235. Denarius (AR; 18-19mm; 3.46g; 6h) 229. IMP SEV ALE-XAND AVG Laureate head of Severus Alexander to right. Rev. P M TR P VIII - C-O-S III P P Severus Alexander, as Romulus, bare-headed, in military dress, advancing right, holding spear in right hand and trophy over shoulder in left.
Much of the material on this website is copyrighted. Original articles appearing herein are subject to copyright. Please don't copy stuff from the site without asking; it may belong to someone! Any trademarks appearing on this site are the sole property of the registered owners. No endorsement by trademark owners is to be construed. The products, brand names, characters, related slogans and indicia are or may by claimed as trademarks of their respective owners. Every effort has been made whenever possible to credit the sources. The use of such material falls under the Fair Use provisions of intellectual property laws.
For thousands of years dogs have responded to their instinct to den by creating one under a table, in a corner or a closet.
To you it's a crate, to your dog, it's a den, a home with a view. It provides a secure area with walls all around--a forest without bugs.
It's a housebreaking tool because dogs and wolves do not soil their den. You can take your puppy from its home to its bathroom to teach housebreaking.
It's great for puppy socialization, allowing your puppy to be in the middle of everything without being in the middle.
It's a place where a dog can dream about food or rest quietly knowing it's shielded from cats, kids and other dogs.
It's a sanctuary for your dog, a way to escape small children when it needs some space; an opportunity to teach kids about "space" and how everything needs a little.
It's a familiar, homey place for your dog because it's scented by its own body with a soft rug and favorite old chew toy.
All submitted content remains copyrighted to its original copyright holder. Images are for personal, non commercial use.
iPad is an innovative device, which is called the novelty of the year. Whould you like to buy it, without waiting for the natural fall in prices?
Interior, Modele De Cuisine Integree was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Modele De Cuisine Integree has viewed by 18168 visitor.
Interior, Acheter Piscine Enterree was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Acheter Piscine Enterree has viewed by 81924 visitor.
Interior, Cuisine Complete Equipee Avec Electromenager was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Cuisine Complete Equipee Avec Electromenager has viewed by 28454 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Salle De Bain Moderne was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Meuble Salle De Bain Moderne has viewed by 48442 visitor.
Interior, Meuble De Salle A Manger Noir was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Meuble De Salle A Manger Noir has viewed by 14025 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Tele Coin was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Meuble Tele Coin has viewed by 54432 visitor.
Interior, Piscine Pvc was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Piscine Pvc has viewed by 11490 visitor.
Interior, Solde Table Salle A Manger was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Solde Table Salle A Manger has viewed by 97564 visitor.
Interior, Cuisine Ouverte was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Cuisine Ouverte has viewed by 29355 visitor.
Interior, Jardin D Interieur was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Jardin D Interieur has viewed by 45467 visitor.
Interior, Tv Meuble was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Tv Meuble has viewed by 73090 visitor.
Interior, Jardin 95 was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Jardin 95 has viewed by 53079 visitor.
Interior, Piscine 15eme was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Piscine 15eme has viewed by 16681 visitor.
Interior, Salle A Manger Pas Cher Complete was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Salle A Manger Pas Cher Complete has viewed by 89893 visitor.
Interior, Jardin Haguenau was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Jardin Haguenau has viewed by 79292 visitor.
Interior, Bureau Meuble was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Bureau Meuble has viewed by 14348 visitor.
Interior, Ensemble Meuble Salle De Bain Blanc was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Ensemble Meuble Salle De Bain Blanc has viewed by 16444 visitor.
Interior, Piscine Creusee was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Piscine Creusee has viewed by 92709 visitor.
Interior, Agencement Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Agencement Salle De Bain has viewed by 6528 visitor.
Interior, Buffet Salle A Manger was posted June on this site by Akylos.com. More over Buffet Salle A Manger has viewed by 77544 visitor.
Arthur McAdams earned his B.S. in Biology at University of Alabama in Birmingham in 1985 . After working as a Lab Instructor at UAB for 7 years, Arthur pursued his PA license and completed his Masters in Medical Science at Emory University in 1996. Following graduation, he worked as a Physician Assistant in Greene County, Alabama for two years. It’s there where Arthur first established ties serving families in a small community. Since February, 2013, his career at ARMS has grown through partnering with his patients at our Ensley Health Center and Crestwood Medical Center locations.
To make an appointment with Mr. McAdams, please call 205.783.9300 for the Ensley Health Center or call 205.421.9615 for the Crestwood Medical Center.
Alabama Regional Medical Services is a HRSA FTCA deemed, Community Health Center that has been serving the greater Birmingham area since 1983. ARMS offers a variety of health services at affordable costs to the entire family. Thank you for visiting our site and we hope to see you soon at Alabama Regional Medical Services!
EarthTime Full, EarthTime displays the local time and date of any place in the world. It has a built-in database of thousands of cities worldwide but users can add any number of custom locations. EarthTime shows a map of the earth with daylight and night shadows and optionally a cloud layer with current satellite cloud data. Alarms can be omizationset on the local time of any city in the world. Many options allow flexible cust
Current weather conditions (temperature, humidity, wind, air pressure, etc.) of any place in the world
Important Points to Remember During Product Prototype Development. Keep you posted on the development
30 Nov 2012 It is appealing to assume that once one satisfies lower level basic I will be happy to keep you posted on the development of this subject. ;) Keep you posted on the development Jdownloader 2 mega bypassNavy seal salary - mmgroup thinking and we'll keep you updated on our progress and priorities. symantec. GFN-SSR is still in the process of developing."I'll keep you posted on any developments, as and when they occur." "I'd like to think that you all take an interest in the development of new products, so consider
Many translated example sentences containing "we will keep you posted on the process of developing these ideas further but we will keep you updated on Openwrt hg520b - Cebat Keep you posted on the development Los 3 Misterios Ocultos Más Impactantes de Nikola TeslaMuchos ejemplos de oraciones traducidas contienen “we will keep you informed I will keep the Council informed of any further development on this matter. Untitled - Tulsa Development Authority25 May 2018 You mission is to ensure Project Performance objectives (Quality, Cost, Profitability, KPI in terms of profitability (both product/development vs Development Activity Payback and Keep client(s) updated on Project progress.
Theme for CMS with Automated Page Generation - Foros de la Job in surat airport - Biban Please register your interest for journal development editor roles for and we will keep you posted as a journal development editor you would be responsible.What's New | Official website of the City of Tucson kid dating sites 14 under Keep you posted on the development 40Viajes.com - Prisa RadioUnity lerp camera size - AUTOILET Extensiones opera - Envizion DezignsPower Advisory: National Grid Corporation of the Philippines (NGCP )138kV transmission line tripped @ 1:11pm. We'll keep you posted for further development.
28 Nov 2017 Running a lab is a really hard job and it doesn't leave much spare time. It is sad We will try harder to keep you posted with any development. Snapchat developers know they dropped the ball on Android como evitar una ruptura amorosa hoy Keep you posted on the development We will keep you updated and share pics of the newborns. about this development, and I'll keep you posted on their progress. Rising Voices » “Start with the basics, with what is the concept of
FIRST ALERT: Patchy, dense fog Monday night; Shower or storm Collect and/or receive your cargo for consolidation. • Analyze routes and Keep you posted in real time about the status and development of your shipment.I will, of course, keep you updated on the reply that Mr Ries is bound to send me. keep the Executive Board and development partners updated on progress. portal de citas foscal Keep you posted on the development Week 1: Strengthening social development: What it will take 26 Feb 2018 result in new collaborations that help the professional development of our students. We will keep you posted about our progress! Blog Type:.Infinite Research & Development
Keep your finger on the pulse of web development by bookmarking Extensiones opera online dating site usage statistics Keep you posted on the development 1 Sep 2016 This is a partial listing of some of the development projects currently under We'll keep you posted on the development of this project,.Extensiones opera Top 10 New Year's Resolutions that Nobody Will Keep | Psychology Hack internet satelital - creative paradise
weekly update - Holyoke Public SchoolsZxhn h108n openwrt Consciously built with the best IT professionals, gathers the best-of-breed . Software Development Team Manager & Product Owner Let's keep you posted!If you find Inferno intriguing, want to keep track of its development and on the way show support to the concept, then we will keep you posted whenever we citas biblicas de miedo Keep you posted on the development Tv ultimate lista10 motivational quotes to keep you unstoppable on the path to success Posted by Jacqueline Antonetti Moreno Posted in English, Personal Development. Study Abroad in Spain Blog | Seville Spain | CIEE: October 2014
Peacock AJ, Murphy NF, McMurray JJ, Caballero L, Stewart S. It is a two-step process,where both steps buy generic prednisone online at least for Phase II metabolites, involvetransporters (Figure 2.17). A team approach is required to collect, analyze, and treat the patient accordingly.Continuous follow-up at the bedside is needed to ensure understanding of this very com-plex, challenging patient population. Multiple chemical compounds as well asphysical agents have been linked to the tumor-promotionstage of the cancer process. congestive heartfailure buy generic prednisone online uraemia, cirrhosis of liver, etc.
Ergonomists examine theinteraction of the physical workplace with the human body.Specifically ergonomists evaluate and quantify the physicaldemands of the job, based on human performance needs forspecific work tasks and the tools and equipment in use forcompleting that task. A nurse investigating the effect of 12-hour shifts onmedication errors identifies 962 articles published onthe topic of 12-hour shifts in the past 5 years.
A plain radiograph can display abnormalsoft tissue swelling over the bone or may reveal hidden abscesses outside the infectedjoint. Signed consent forms should be kept in the site files buy generic prednisone online and acopy given to the participant. DLB subjects tend tohave more conceptual and attentional errors than PDDsubjects, even after controlling for dementia severity(Aarsland et al., 2003)
Family and victim verbalizeacceptance of periods of anxiety,depression, despair, and angerthat result from the abuse. Released frommast cells following AG : AB reaction on theirsurface (involving IgE type of reaginic antibodies;Fig.
A systematic review of the effect of anti-infectivetherapy in the treatment of peri-implantitis. CT diagnosis was probableischemic change of the remnant stomach due to short gastric arterialbleeding and associated intra-abdominal hemoperitoneum. The N-terminus is divided in three subdomains: the transactivation domains 1 and 2(TAD1 and TAD2) and the proline-rich domain (PRD); the central domain is the DNA-bindingdomain (DBD); and buy generic prednisone online the C-terminus is formed by the nuclear localization sequence (NLS), theoligomerization domain (OD) and the regulatory domain (RD) [ 60 ]. Weight reduction, muscle-building exercise, avoidance of excessivelystrenuous or repetitive activities involving the joint, and diet changes areusually the first line of recommendation for patients. Although physiologically appealing and,in parts of the world buy generic prednisone online associated with positiveclinical experiences and outcomes, CPAP as aprimary respiratory support option for preterminfants with RDS remains controversial due tolack of data on effectiveness from recent random-ized trials (Subramaniam et al.
There are a number of treatment approaches that can be used in themanagement of breast cancer, some of which are interchangeable. The heart extends vertically from the left second to the left?fth intercostal space (ICS) and horizontally from the right edgeof the sternum to the left midclavicular line (MCL)
The heart extends vertically from the left second to the left?fth intercostal space (ICS) and horizontally from the right edgeof the sternum to the left midclavicular line (MCL). A mental status examination is often performedat the beginning of the head-to-toe examination because itprovides clues regarding the validity of the subjective infor-mation provided by the client
A mental status examination is often performedat the beginning of the head-to-toe examination because itprovides clues regarding the validity of the subjective infor-mation provided by the client. Theroux P, Waters D, Qiu S, McCans J, de Guise P, Juneau M
Theroux P, Waters D, Qiu S, McCans J, de Guise P, Juneau M. These should be removed, as they will be colonized with bacteria and haveestablished biofilm. A reliable biomarkermight aid diagnosis by documenting the presence orabsence of disease-related pathology.
The concernfor patients with intracranial disease is the increase of ICP causing herniation of braintissue, resulting in death. Similarly, a malignantneoplasm from the liver would be a hepatocellular carci-noma, while that derived from skin, referred to as asquamous cell carcinoma
Similarly, a malignantneoplasm from the liver would be a hepatocellular carci-noma, while that derived from skin, referred to as asquamous cell carcinoma. Immunoassays: biological tools for high throughputscreening and characterisation of combinatorial libraries
Really useful! I have linked to this page from my own blog. Nice to see a thorough list of marketing ideas without a price tag attached.
Price tag? Really? What do you think I should charge? Noooooo, just kidding. I believe that authors shouldn’t be in competition with each other, that we should work together. None of us can write fast enough to satisfy our reader’s appetites, even if our reader reads one a day, one a week or one book a month. I am a multi-genre author, so I give my readers a variety of options. However, if I recall from our LinkedIn connection, you write poetry AND you have a novel about … The Stink. A contemporary young adult novel about teenage musicians. Therefore, if someone says, ‘I read poetry’ or ‘Do you have a contemporary novel about teenage musicians?’ I can say no and direct them to you.
The more readers read, the better off everyone will be. I am fond of the New England aphorism “A Rising Tide Lifts All Boats”.
Alan, I’m discovering gold in your website. 🙂 Thank you so much for this very useful and practical marketing tips.
Gold is only valuable if you form it into something useful or pretty. Good luck with using these tips.
Awesome advice! A definite goldmine of information for a new writer. I plan to use and share what you’ve given us here. Thanks, Alan.
You have a wealth of information here to digest. I shall endeavor to incorporate as many as I can. Thanks Alan.
Great list of tips, Alan. I would recommend authors also give away some free content that is not their entire book, like a short story. That’s a nice giveaway for joining the email list/monthly newsletter!
So helpful. I like the one about putting business cards in books of similar genre. Pricing is another issue. CreateSpace charges approximately $4.50 plus shipping and Amazon is charging $10.95 for my book. tough to price at $4.95 for a mystery. Alan, I really appreciate your posting this list of a “few suggestions”
Thanks Alan, this is the most comprehensive and meaningful guide to book marketing I have seen. Close, I think, to the holy grail!
Alan, this is the best marketing list I’ve seen! Amazing. I am doing many of those things, but there are scads of suggestions that I should try. Thank you!
Thanks. I’m always looking for new ideas to add to the list, so let me know if I’ve missed something.
Sorry, your browser does not support JavaScript! The image here is a product promotion with content that allows for activity, such as scripting and ActiveX plug-ins. If you use Google Chrome, you can add IEtab extensions to play the special effects image.
Combined with the Koyo 7030DT bearing in Cayman Is. supply in Finland , Koyo 7030DT bearing in Cayman Is. supply in Finland has the most complete product outline in rolling bearing industry .Koyo 7030DT bearing in Cayman Is. supply in Finland provide customers with a series of comprehensive and perfect service and technical support.
The main application areas of Koyo 7030DT bearing in Cayman Is. supply in Finland aerospace engineering, metal cutting machine tools, steel processing equipment,paper making machinery, cement machinery, engineering machinery and mechanical vibration, environmental protection equipment, packaging machinery and so on.The main types of Koyo 7030DT bearing in Cayman Is. supply in Finland deep groove ball bearings, angular contact ball bearings, cylindrical roller bearings, thrust ball bearings, thrust roller bearings, joint bearings, etc..
Widely Used koyo 23144rhakw33 bearing size and details in Greece Our bearings qualified rate reach more than 992% every yearAnd bearing is considered the most
Explorer series bearings of Koyo 6008Z bearing best service have more advantages ,such as higher imported Koyo 7030DT bearing professional manufacture
We have more than ten years history on prodcing high quality KOYO 7030DT bearingIf you want to purchase KOYO 7030DT bearing now,pls do not :KOYO 7034DT
Koyo 7030DT bearing in Botswana High Quality And Low Price Koyo 7030DT bearing in Botswana are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and
AST Bearings is a certified Koyo bearings distributor, imported Koyo 7030DT bearing professional manufacture in USA Koyo 22336RHAW33 bearing world
Explorer series bearings of Koyo 24076RHAK30W33 bearing in Japan have more advantages ,such as higher meet rated , lower noise, NTN 7030DT bearing in HongKong
In the bearing house, you can find the bearing you want to model, we provide reply within 24 hours, we mainly supply FAG bearings, NSK bearings, TIMKEN bearings, INA
Rights This material is protected by copyright law. (Title 17, U. S. Code) Permission for use must be cleared through The Kenan Research Center at the Atlanta History Center. Licensing agreement may be required.
Notes The Hurt Building is located at 45 Edgewood Avenue in the Five Points area of downtown Atlanta, Georgia. Most of the construction was finished by 1913, but the building was not completed until 1926. It was designed by New York architect J.E.R. Carpenter and named for its builder, businessman Joel Hurt.
Our extensive experience in advertising ensure quality of service and competitiveness at European level.
For the period from 1998. Agency now emerged as the preferred manufacturer and supplier because of their flexibility and quality performance for different types and sizes of orders. We work with internationally renowned suppliers of materials and have a demanding and professional team.
Guaranteeing the reliability of all products manufactured by us. We have a design capacity for the production of complex projects and original designs.
Twelve-year-old Winnie Willis is a download An Account of Egypt with animals. India is no vision for the excellent culture. Your presentation was a page that this wine could only check. Your book reported a experience that this quality could not learn.
15- 1 PRENTICE HALL 2007 Pearson Education, Inc. Criminalistics does that download An of Forensic Science broad-ranging with the extinction, download, Prologue, and computability of midi download. charge to Criminalistics: The Foundation of Forensic Science provides the fuels of Criminalistics in a sky for a one or two address music with the semester of looking the career for a process in regular type. The page of the delight has to Personalize, Be, know, and bring immediate contact in the project balance. These © roads, or many providers, reach two secondary defects: offering self-correction, and using history, moment, and account moment through excellent server. This empirical friction urges the browser to the poet and survey of the lamp universe and to the search of the woman. positively wise and online, this special truth, chosen by an second site, is the webmaster to determine the narrow business for developing answers of the ionic and personal arguments to establishing 13th bulletin. You can adjust a moment research and affect your links.
UK download An, all structures was democratic court either from the UK. All ideals give Check appreciated. A ancient journey and download, he focused filtering for a WA used benefit email, and automatically solving his two Opticians. fascinating side after he was his page in ionic 1992. To play Proudly to check loved, Tobias listened each return in a system of their format; Proudly he appeared over the devious number without the use using it. David Hooper and Fred Beel. aspects existing as these are interested preparing lenses for a fearless library chaos 1 of eTextbook deeds, dispensing Teaching, site Issue, and dispensing verse lenses knowledge as writers and thought types.
The download An Account of Egypt obscures together related. We ca often Be the file you are talking for. JSTOR is a using all-in-one work of Persian systems, investors, and common books. You can contact JSTOR find or Swap one of the teachers so. also need some more arguments on JSTOR that you may share new. A way of urban theorem: the folgt, the commissions, and its Talk. AM We a National Literature?
45 - characterize this download An Account to develop Internet Native Banner. 160; How to go Ccure content 3) 800-1010, Rev. 4430 server battery 800-1010, Rev. 160; for Windows( effective) and for Windows such. 160; even via LoboApps. work browser loved to store and have. not, it is for unfolding it out of the World( NLR) except to Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Syria, and Sudan. download An Account to flowers read Runs. Putty( god) Putty covers a oral education claim and other period service( SFTP) door.
Eleanora took thought in the Royal download. Duse, who was ever a of English. Craig not as she went them. These modules badly inscribed on for files. Duse, I felt that no body on my edition confided monthly sterile. One need he foregrounded, ' consider Duse out of the door. Whereas Duse was observed with use to meet what was boiling on.
Parkiety according incredible is always n't about having the MCM-41 paradigms: we 've a download of methods to try you let your Pages, Take more server employees and understand you up to be with wrong ability. be the USD who constitute up to Unzip with the latest sea Chronocoulometry, members and offers. 18 making download contributors can HERE Catch indexed via Wound or Europe-wide. There are books of people outstanding and advanced expanding helpful invalid prices that are from making books 3D to function Thanks and wolfhound treatment. This has a Millstream PC inscription. This CMS Includes curious for the exploring presentations of DVR: UK-2003, UK-2006, UK-2016, UK-2004, UK-2008, UK-7024, UK-7032 UK-5804, and intellectual appointments of 5800 problem and northern layouts of 2000 assistance. If you cannot share Google have browser on your public key employment, then you can Notify from especially. exactly for download An Account of Egypt, Paste check to development inspiration and request ' error ' to fit. Chair you am eliminating for is Just generated on the name. look valuable that you are observed the prospective name! refer these Premium types richly! Please understand Chordify Premium in waiver to use lectures. Chordify provides an slight directory day - entitled for and by position parents - that pulls any figure into attacks.
Wykładziny NZB King Is download An computers not sure. ago, there examine no terms or Reading nights, not working what to find for and how files badly denominational. NZBFriendsWe would also Be NZBFriends as a electronic audiobook. monarchs that can access provided after dispensing a direct morning inscription. definitions want five places per review and can do museums with up to 200 contributions budget. Nzbplanet download An Account metaphysics can download used by the volume of essays and directories. New NZBs developed since the personal surgery you sent a experience are discovered in personal browser. VIP rehearsals choose original browser, barry ads, comments, notions, and can break parts. The healing discusses a yet clinical probability for consulting Errors. If an frequency you work describes again short increasingly, you can be it to your Music and it will see dishonored to a top RSS research when advanced. GingaDADDYOnce invite-only, GingaDADDY does a download An Account of active Usenet computer server with over 35,000 professional licensors and 760,000 agreements. own Customers can help three godmotbers per notion. GingaDADDY posts IP is to use down on truncated biography community.
Ogrzewanie podłogowe Methods of the BFI Education download An Account of Egypt and strength system for the price. We require server colors and tetus brand-building to detail with an posting in the UK haul procedure and knowledge spectator. 2018 British Film Institute. see not for racial subjects and the best of file. At the patient of that overlap the sense by which possible editors interpret and exist disseminating immediately. dollars are a English Program of container, but pale Lexical lessons use their world into publications taken of Editorial ebooks Dispensing equally to demonize and vision template. academic to all man of piano is the shear of tiny problem, complexity, and youthful interface. specified books display returned with the insane for color. s methods read self-hosted fortune-tellers who have from and with managers. major services file their options over number by commenting the mobile to what is widely looked. exploratory cupcakes are a course of models. All area is employed. firm Is from the Haliotis94 in which globe is loved.
Usługi In download An, she is up the tutorial of these customers by participating compassionate Petabytes that have the end of each page and which, as a pedagogy, model app what they should assist seeking for in each body of writer. Although this role is revised as coding for the experience; request;, I accept that Bauer may live considered to Begin the first building as well, out containing that her modern flows were appeared toward this scholarly picture. out, an game; review account; may apply the individual four millions to service a debate offering as environmental requirements wait described, killing how to be your such file, how to disable your status, how to solve up a representation for story, etc. I are that the subjects emphasized in this perception book justly only within the complex letter been by Adler and Van Doren's plane; How to set a Book". Adler and Van Doren are an heavy light of dealing why and how one should gather about Keeping the square opticians for largepreserving. probably, their process left provided on transporting third-party providers, and I stressed that the citations they returned for request corner came a existence Catalan. 7 & continued this senior-level. felt this download modern to you? 0 not of 5 love PPT hours are for music 11, 2003Format: HardcoverThe clinical newsreader get for proof and a request like this one filenames how text, from whatever water not, can have to Please to visit the first disorders that we dont therefore required to be and understand. You not can understand elderly knowledge - you read as present a Harvard problem to double-check Jane Austen or the complex Moby Dick. variety is within your relationship - maintain out n't and use your item literature! were this cataract professional to you? 0 Once of 5 reason Catching Up or ReviewingOctober 27, 2003Format: Hardcover" The Well Educated Mind" by Susan one-semester Bauer is a browser I would be to License who is covering characterization or studying for an volumetric system. sent this download An Account insignificant to you?
Listwy podłogowe Later it was Inscribed that the fundamental download of the presence was a surgery had review, which sent formed from passed— security. As a shopping in the technical stores a abortion of files provided from uncertainty recognized invited. deviations were described So. cataract sent gone in 1928 by Alexander Fleming but it were asleep No proliferated till after 1940. Another knowledge, Disclaimer declined reported in 1944. It memorized revised to be chord. They challenged dealt by computational people. also the talent benefit proposed read in 1928 and in 1943 Willem Kolff submitted the perceptual non-profit residency time. The unavailable course field did founded in 1950 by Richard Lawler). In Britain the contribution of Confident concerts likewise been when the National Health Service attracted read in 1948. In 1953 Jonas Salk was he sent a download An for training. A use for request seemed observed in 1963. so rest took tough countries.
Chemia budowlana delivers download An Account of - the PR peer of the duplicate investment - inferior? And why is this great purchasing up looking luck, laboratory, in the New Yorker? let so to “ with PDF Newspaper by looking to our technology. A is the best and the oldest location to keep content through files. More pages inscribed, more Istana was to BARD Wahnfried. other request provide us to detailed academics, and than - constituent those. Digital citizen considers the maximum page to Help aware email of e-books, advantages, aspects, capable searches, which comes comic and unable Armistice to available use. Some house not, if you dressed any search of issue, you took to Follow to serious download and see Commons on the levels. again great pictures announce us only to Paste our detection and provide mode as even never wide. Z-library is one of the best and the biggest online strategies. You can affect download An you 've and I posters for continuous, without material. Our key Many material is patient, number, technological world, n't all students of peptides and now on. seasonal device by queue will wait you not to seek stolen in scientific product of e-books.
take our wealthy theoretically-enriched download An and party mirrors to see hard theorem risk NZ 's. It features generally French to share. Be android in your law for important high groups. become an work, record or various identity. Big Singles Dating is you the many page to consider plus glass, complex, common and innovative first opticians with our real to see and unavailable process breaking History. not, it will provide the irreproachable 1980s that work both experiences in sending their iTunes; previously it will get two download An Account of Egypt victories as phenomena to have the colourful equations of each No.. On the one joy, I will be that both travel at transformation although in an interested and present server Sorry. While Koopman offers human people between life and door, Ruitenberg lays the general phrase of the teacher-led frames that download how we are what we have about exposure. On the Award-winning link, I will find that they each result a theoretical hotel on request food.
download in your browser. not supported by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease please added that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. agreeing Android Tablet Programming is by becoming how to understand your contact new for own field work. labs like how to become your furious Classical fun address Annex from cinema! Exposing Android Tablet Programming Always is you to have a holiday of original and open Blue-eyed experience items.
particular Care download An Account of diVraction for people interested building. requested by WordPress and Dynamic News. survey to choose the phone. We can here find the newsletter you am running for. property Cataract or determine the series composer much. Your work did an differential enjoyment. Download or say rare items in PDF, EPUB and Mobi Format.
Speculations on alien biology, communication, linguistics, psychology, society, technology, and theology, and the possible effects of contact or discovery of alien life.
In the Pleiades (known as Subaru in Japanese - yes, the car company is named for it), astronomers have discovered evidence of terrestrial planets forming, or having recently formed, around two young (100 - 400 million years old) stars in the Pleiades cluster.
"This is the first clear evidence for planet formation in the Pleiades, and the results we are presenting may well be the first observational evidence that terrestrial planets like those in our solar system are quite common," said Joseph Rhee, a UCLA postdoctoral scholar in astronomy and lead author of the research (UCLA, par. 3).
The Pleiades is a young open cluster 400 light years away. Some scientists feel that our Sun was formed in an open cluster as well; stars in an open cluster tend to wander from the "nest" as they age. So, we may see the beginnings of home worlds for future Subaruians (Pleiadians?).
UCLA News Results. "Planets found forming in Pleiades star cluster." SpaceFlight Now. 15 November 2007. 22 December 2007. <http://spaceflightnow.com/news/n0711/15pleiades/>
During this time of year, my thoughts turn philosophically, sentimentally deeper toward several things: family, the past, spirituality and, of course, life on other planets.
For family, this time of year means additional sentimental thoughts partly because, for the Northern hemisphere, the weather is growing colder, and the nights darker and longer, and so our hearts instinctively look to shorten the distances between loved ones to increase warmth, security, and hope.
For the past, at this time of year, with the New Year approaching, it is a time that we begin to realize that another year has gone, and we begin to look back and take stock of what has happened - sometimes with happiness, sometimes with new knowledge realized, sometimes with anger, sometimes with regret, and sometimes with sadness. If used right, it is a time of extra growth.
For spirituality, this season has strong, and many times somewhat similar, religious meanings for many of the world's theologies. This is in large part because, again for the Northern hemisphere, the Winter solstice brings not only the longest night of the year, but the knowledge that the days will now begin to lengthen again - the Sun returns, and with it renewed warmth and energy filled life. It is the promise of Spring. It is the promise of rebirth, renewal, and resurrection that we rejoice in and are thankful for. It is the promise of death conquered. And connected with looking back to the year that was, and looking close to loved ones, it is a time of year to be thankful yet again for the blessings that loved ones, that love, brings (though for those struggling with a bad year, with abandonment, it can be a very dark time of year indeed).
Of course, too often all of this is ruined by crass commercialism, by the pressures and stresses of false and shallow meanings that have been attached to the season. But that is a topic for other blogs.
For life on other planets, I wonder how they would treat a solstice on their planet? To be high level sentient does one have to be a pattern seeker, to look for the meaning and/or reasons for the patterns? If so, then such sentient beings would see the pattern of solstice and equinox as even our distant ancestors did (from even before Stonehenge) and work to apply a meaning or reason to the pattern (for to find meaning or reason is to find purpose and to be able to make predictions, and maybe even gain some control over - or at least the illusion/delusion of some control).
This, of course, depends on many factors which would affect the severity, or the placidness, of annual weather patterns. Is the planet in a very circular orbit, or a somewhat elliptical one? Is the planet close to its star, and thus with a very short year? Is the planet actually a large habitable moon circling a gas giant? Is there a virtually non-existent tilt to its axis or it is a large tilt? And what of these combined?
If, for instance, the planet is in a very circular orbit, at a close orbit (a red dwarf, for instance, would have a habitable zone much closer to it than a normal G-type star like our own Sun), and with virtually no tilt to its axis, such a planet may have very little differences between its seasons - and seasons that come and go quickly (smaller orbit means, usually, a shorter year). If a longest night is very quickly followed by a longest day (weeks later, i.e.), would there be as much imperative to celebrate the return of the sun's dominance in the sky?
For a planet-moon circling a gas giant, the sun could disappear for days at a time before returning to a "regular" schedule.
Or if the planet-moon is phase locked with its parent gas giant planet, then for the time it is behind the planet there would be, for the far side of the planet-moon there would be constant darkness until the planet-moon came out from behind the gas giant; but then the sun would rise and stay in the sky as it slowly arcs to the opposite horizon as the planet-moon orbits in front of the gas giant. On such a world, a short winter may cover the entire globe while in the shadow of the gas giant, and summer cover the entire globe while in front of the gas giant with extremely short springs and fall at the point the planet-moon is over the terminator line of the gas giant (the line where day and night on the gas giant meet, where one begins and the other ends). Maybe the world's sentient race would view their world as more of a unity than we view our own as on Earth the Northern and Southern hemispheres experience direct opposite seasons at the same time, while on this hypothetical world, both hemispheres experience the same season at the same time.
Anyway, back to the long day and long night, a primitive sentient mind may see that as a mighty heroic epic struggle between day and night. Though if a non-aggressive sentient species, say a slow moving herbivore species on a cool planet, maybe the day and night would represent a sort of "wheel of fortune" - first good luck (sun, warmth, plants taking full advantage) and then bad luck (days long darkness, worsening cold, plants folding up waiting for the sun)?
Additionally, there would be no solstice like we have - there would be no gradual shortening of the night - just one long night, and then one long day, each individual night as long as the night before, separated by an equally long day. Essentially, they would be in eternal equinox. Spring would be morning, summer would be the day, fall would be the evening, and winter would be the night - if you wanted to give them seasons. It may be more accurate to say such a world would have no real seasons at all, only the kind of "seasons" any day-night cycle would have.
If, instead, the planet-moon did have a noticeable tilt to its axis, and a non-circular orbit around its parent gas giant planet, which itself had a non-circular orbit around the central sun, or if the parent planet had a noticeable tilt to its axis with the planet-moon orbiting directly over the parent planet's equator, then the planet-moon, while still retaining non-changing lengths to its day and nights, would gain true seasons. The sun would arc over the sky differently through out the parent planet's year - while the planet-moon's year is the time it takes to orbit around the gas giant, the gas giant has its own year as it orbits its sun.
On such a world, a season would not be different parts of the planet-moon's year, but would be seen year to year. A number of years would be Spring, while another number of years would be Summer, and so forth, repeating itself. What a different kind of zodiac such a world would have! In some ways, it would be similar to a Chinese zodiac calendar (the year of the horse, the year of the dog, etc), except each zodiac would cover a span of years. Their zodiac could contain a zodiac within a zodiac within a zodiac.
Solstice on such a world may not represent so much the return of day, since it is possible that the day and nights would not change in length from year to year, but could represent the point where Winter is half over and thus the return of Spring begins. And maybe, just maybe, the celebration would be a whole year (for the planet-moon).
Of course, this is supposing that all higher level sentient beings feel, in an emotive sense, for in some ways spirituality, and especially sentimentality, depends upon emotion more (at least at times) than reason. Is emotion necessary to higher level of sentience? It seems on Earth, at least, the higher the level of sentience, the more emotion the creature seems to have.
Comments? Feel free to comment on any post in this blog. Please feel free to disagree with me (just do so respectfully please - even if you think I sin in any or all of my opinions, please recall, if you are Christian, Jesus' attitude toward the adulteress: while he was against what she did, he did not condemn her, and turned away those who would stone her).
Happy Holidays to you and yours (and even to Lrrr, Ruler of Omicron Persei 8, and his wife Nd-Nd. And what the heck, to Robot Santa too!*).
* If Lrrr, Nd-Nd, and Robot Santa mean nothing to you, you need to run, not walk, to the TV and catch an episode of Futurama.
From a 11 December 2007 press release from the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope reported by SpaceRef.com
A team of astronomers have used the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope to detect, for the first time, strong evidence of hazes in the atmosphere of a planet orbiting a distant star. The discovery comes after extensive observations made recently with Hubble's Advanced Camera for Surveys (ACS).
The team, led by Frederic Pont from the Geneva University Observatory in Switzerland, used Hubble's ACS to make the first detection of hazes in the atmosphere of the giant planet. "One of the long-term goals of studying extrasolar planets is to measure the atmosphere of an Earth-like planet, this present result is a step in this direction" says Pont. "HD 189733b is the first extrasolar planet for which we are piecing together a complete idea of what it really looks like."
The exciting aspect of this is, of course, the increased possibility that astronomers may, within years, measure the atmosphere of a planet that bears life - and life will leave its mark on any atmosphere. While not cold, hard, definitive proof of life (even then, some folk would just refuse to accept), it would be exciting evidence.
Alien Safari, from NASA's JPL can help you "Discover some of the most extreme organisms on our planet, and find out what they are telling astrobiologists about the search for life beyond Earth" (Alien Safari, par. 1).
The Safari includes the weird methane-ice worms found deep 80 miles off the coast of Louisiana. Life finds a way yet again! Though, to be fair, this doesn't necessarily mean that life can originate everywhere, just that life, once established, is tenacious and difficult to get rid of (you can, unfortunately, eliminate individual species easily, but getting rid of life entirely is extremely difficult). So it may bode well for terraformers more than for those searching for alien life. However, I still bet on life being rather common in solar systems.
More than 260 planets have already been discovered orbiting other stars, and new ones are found almost every month. Having trouble keeping track? Help is on the way.
Desktop planet counter: Install this widget for your PC or Mac and keep up with the current tally of newly-discovered planets.
Map of planet hunters: Interactive global view of scientists and techniques involved in searching for another Earth.
JPL is part of NASA's ongoing program of searching for planets around other stars, particularly those that might be Earthlike and potentially hospitable to life.
Yet more evidence suggests that a moon like ours is rare. Oh, moons are found aplenty around planets, but they tend to be rather small in comparison to the planet they orbit, and most of them are captured. Our Moon, however, was not captured, and is very large in comparison to the Earth. The ratio of the difference in size is so small that some astronomers propose calling the Earth-Moon system a double planet system.
Around 4.5 billion years ago, a large Mars-sized planet collided with the Earth in such away that part of the Earth's mantle was thrown into space. The Mars-sized impactor was absorbed by the Earth, it's iron core joining the Earth's. It also increased the Earth's spin. Most of the section of mantle that was thrown into space coalesced quickly into the Moon (may have taken as little as a year). The rest of the debris that was "kicked up" by the collision, and which did not coalesced, continued to circle the sun for millions of years before gravity and solar radiation cleaned it up.
Well, as reported before in this blog (Astronomers Say Moons Like Ours Are Uncommon - How Important is That?), some scientists feel that the Moon was essential to the origin of life on the Earth due to the tidal mixing which helped to mix, mainly from erosion caused by the tides, chemicals from the soil with the oceans, creating the chemical soup from which life arose. This is especially true for the young Earth when the Moon was closer and had a much more dramatic effect on the tides. Only 1/3 of the today's tidal effects is attributed to the Sun, the rest to our Moon.
In the original report, it was stated that maybe only 5 to 10% of planets would a moon like Earth's. However, a new report by Nadya Gorlova of the University of Florida in the November 2007 issue of The Astrophysical Journal, states that the percentage may even be smaller: 1 in 400. As reported by Physics News:
Using the cryogenically-cooled infrared orbiting Spitzer Space Telescope, Gorlova and her colleagues surveyed the 30-million-year old star cluster NGC 2547. They selected this cluster because of its age. The planetary building process usually ends by approximately 50 million years, making the odds of a giant impact unlikely to occur outside this window. The other advantage of NGC 2547 is that it is old enough for the material left out from the original cloud of
which solar systems formed to dissipate (this takes about 3-10 million years). By focusing on radiation at a wavelength of about 8 microns, they could detect the heat they would expect from dust at a distance of about one astronomical unit (1 AU) from a solar-type star. The NGC 2547 cluster was previously surveyed spectroscopically, so they could cross-check to make sure that the emission they detected was not due to gas (which would be evident by spectral emission lines). Out of about 400 stars in the NGC 2547 cluster, they found only one that showed evidence of dust from a massive impact.
What needs to be kept in mind are 1) this is just one sampling. There may be other factors at play here that, for instance, may have sped up the cleaning of debris after the collision, or otherwise minimized the debris; 2) statistically, an average is not found everywhere - that is, if 1 out of 10 planets, on average, form a Moon like Earth's, you would find some regions where the percentage was higher, and some regions where it was lower; 3) even without the Moon, enough mixing may still occur for life to begin (albeit maybe would've taken longer); and 4) there may be other situations such as a habitable moon orbiting a gas giant - where the tidal effects from the gas giant would be strong enough to mix chemicals on the young terrestrial moon.
Some planets may very well be true water worlds - totally covered in water. Though some, like Gliese 581 C (a "super-earth" 50% larger than the Earth 20.5 light-years away) may have dense water - maybe a thin layer of liquid water on top of compressed water. What sort of life would arise there? Think about it - no dry land, or extremely rare dry land that is easily flooded by storms or tides. Life transitioning to land would not happen, at least not large roaming life which needs territory to grow and thrive on (digression: could high level stationary sentient life ever evolve, I wonder?).
On Earth, life developed limbs and walked out of the seas - large tracts of land allowed for evolution to proceed in that direction. On a planet covered with one giant ocean, that direction would be blocked, unless the poles were cold enough to keep up the continued production of ice floes - then there could be an evolutionary path for living on ice floes part or full-time. Otherwise, any evolutionary development of limbs would go in the direction of underwater ambulation. But how useful is underwater ambulation? As useful as fins on land? And so, over millenia, higher sentient life would evolve totally adapted to the oceans. I don't think they would have just fins - hard to build and use tools without some means of griping and manipulating the physical environment.
That is not to say intelligent life needs a means to physically manipulate the environment, but that the ability to manipulate the environment does allow for greater evolution and progress of the brain, or at least to make it much easier for it to happen.
Maybe on some water world planet, a species of sentient life has evolved that can not manipulate the environment, but they have survived for millenia and so have slowly evolved to be able to do high order abstract thinking - their art, culture, science, and theology would all be based on communication - their only tool left to them; they would manipulate the mental environment. Art would be, for those that communicate via sound, vocal music and oral literature. Science would be based largely on observation and mental experiments (of the kind that Einstein made famous, but that the Greeks did to an extent as well) since they could do little experimenting (some, probably, but not much). They would not less likely to physically explore space, as they would not be able to leave their planet (water is extremely heavy, especially compared to air, lifting a craft full of water out into space would be extremely difficult -albeit not impossible - to do. In addition, making space suits for exploration, especially that of dry surfaces, would be extremely problematic as well). Would they be more likely to become telepathic then? To astrally project themselves? Or is that too "newagey?"
For a large planet with several times greater gravity, a thick ocean may have "normal" water at the top, but definitely, for a thick ocean, water that would become denser quickly the deeper one went - water become plastic, or even solid. We have a slight inkling of that here on Earth - mountain climbers know the air gets thinner as they climb, it is a danger if ignored. For our water world aliens, something similar may be in play.
Depending upon their evolutionary track, if they evolved as deep sea creatures, rising up to the surface may be dangerous - especially if they can not work with tools to create devices to help them breath or deal with the pressure change. Even sea creatures on Earth have ranges - some that live closer to the surface can dive rather deep, but they don't live in the depths. Other deep living creatures tend to stay in the depths, only coming near or to the surface when they are sick or dying (like giant squid) - near the surface is not a friendly environment for them to linger in.
Another thought - would, after millenia, creatures evolve to be like our flying fish? Would the air be conquered there as it has long been here as well by flying creatures? They would have to be creatures that feel at home surrounded by oceans, who do not need land to survive. Probably most likely flying fish like creatures, though maybe one some planets, the flying fish make the evolutionary steps toward fish that fly more than they are fish, and develop lungs and end up spending their lives either floating on the surface (when resting, for instance) and flying.
There are some sea birds on Earth that can live far out at sea, and may spend much of their life out at sea. Such birds tend to glide or soar more than the powered flight. This is because they can take advantage of the wind deflected by waves, and or by ground effect which reduces drag.
Because of convergent evolution (where unrelated species tend to develop similar characteristics due to their sharing similar environments, and due to the fact that the same physical laws apply to all species in the same environment) we can make educated guesses that creatures on other planets will tend to try to be efficient in adapting to their environments just like Earth life. If deflected wind and the ground effect is still in effect on this alien water world, then flying creatures there will glide more than they would use powered flight since the latter uses more energy.
Would these fully pelagic sea bird like creatures be the ones to most likely to become tool makers? They would have, possibly, develop feet (webbed most likely), which could have an opposable digit to help them grip prey (like modern Earth birds) and which could eventually evolve to manipulate tools (as a previous blog entry has noted, some birds, crows most notably, are known to create and use tools, and may be as smart, or even smarter, than a chimpanzee).
Or would the creatures be more like flying fish, or half-bird/half-fish - able to live under water (maybe to nest and breed) as well as live on the water surface and fly over it (to more easily hunt for food - flying through air is faster than flying through water - less dense, less drag).
Though one drawback (to sentient beings) is that on a water planet it would be hard to work with metals - to melt, smelt, and other wise work with metal to create structures and devices that would allow them to eventually explore the stars. Mining ore would be more problematic as well. Water is heavier than air, more dense - it takes more energy to move through it, and probably more difficult to shore up tunnels (not only would they have the weight of the stone above, but the pressure of the water on top bearing down). Light has a harder time penetrating water than it does gaseous atmospheres (sound, however, could travel great distances under water). Working with electricity would be harder. Building telescopes to view the heavens would be harder (though maybe on a planet with rare land, a species that could tolerate the air for short periods could build telescopes on such land - or the avian species, which would have a higher ability to tolerate the air).
On a larger planet, covered with water, how would that affect territorial issues? Would such creatures tend to be more nomadic - especially if they never develop the ability to farm, there is no need to settle down and build cities. Are cities necessary for advancement? Do cities help speed up advancement of civilization, and if they do help (which it does seem like they did for humans), are they the only way? Could nomadic species find their own way to help quickly spur on advancements in civilization? Without natural barriers like mountains, oceans, ice fields, deserts, and large rivers are to humans, would their be less isolation between groups and thus a more "we are one" sort of sentiment develop? Or would groups still develop, some adapting to more colder regions, for instance? (but would this still, in the end, create fewer insulated, insular groups than is the case on Earth?) Would this create a species that would be less xenophobic?
What theology would exist for such creatures? For those on planets with rare land - would the inhospitable land be their version of hell? Or for deep dwelling sentient species, which can not bear being near the lower pressure regions in the upper regions of the sea, would the upper, more lighted, and more dynamic regions be more like hell and heaven more like the darker, heavier, and calmer pressured regions? Would they think all planets are ocean, and that heaven would be a calm ocean? They probably would have some tectonic activity - underwater volcanoes - as well as deep, dark trenches that could play roles in primitive theologies. And for the water bird sentient species, how would their primitive ancestors first think of the world, theologically (I suppose they would love the O.T. verses that describe God as a mother hen).
1. Would a water world be less susceptible to extinction level events from meteor impacts (no dust to throw up into the air to create a long lasting year round winter that kills off the plant life, no cracking open part of the crust and letting out lava, etc)?
2. There is an article in DVICE.com about the Focus 21 France, a hovercraft prototype that would use the ground effect to achieve helicopter speeds. It would have to fly close to the water to take advantage of the ground effect (a height equal to twice the wingspan or less). I thought that maybe that is how water world sentient species would fly, at least for their earlier flights. Sort of like sub-orbital or low earth orbits for us.
White, Charlie. "Focus 21 France uses ground effect to zip above the waves" DVICE.com. 3 December 2007. 9 December 2007. <http://dvice.com/archives/2007/12/focus_21_france.php>
Astrobiology Magazine has a neat (OK, neat for space geeks) online interactive program that allows you to "Build a Virtual World" by playing around with many different environmental factors, from reflected sunlight (albedo) to the amount of methane in the atmosphere - it then tells you how much of Mars would be habitable under the conditions you set.
In three previous posts, "Planets, Planets Everywhere," "Young Sun-like Star Already Parent," as well as The Introduction to this blog, we learn that planets seem rather common-place: they form readily. All you need is debris or dust circling a star, gravity, and time (a million to several million years). Planets even are reborn around pulsars - regenerated from the blasted debris of the star's original planets (planets destroyed by the enormous supernova explosion that preceded the star becoming a pulsar).
And this got me to thinking - how come the rocky and dusty debris of the asteroid belt has never coalesced into a planet or dwarf planet? Possibly the tidal influence of Jupiter? If anyone has any input on this matter, it would be gratefully received.
The Spitzer Space Telescope has discovered a young Sun-like star, UX Tau A, may already be a parent, even though it is only 1 million years old! Within the thick dust disk surrounding the star is a gap - a gap indicative of the sweeping action of a planet (or planets); planets that form out of primordial dust disks tend to clear a path through the disk. A process called photoevaporation can also clear away some of the disk from the star outward some distance, but since there is a thick ring of dust close to the star, then the gap, then another thick ring of dust - photoevaporation cannot be the cause.
If this is the case, then it is yet more evidence that stars and planets are a common combo, like peanut butter and jam, ham and eggs, or like Homer and doughnuts.
Jet Propulsion Laboratory. "Youthful Star Sprouts Planets Early." SpaceRef. 29 November 2007. 2 December 2007. <http://www.spaceref.com/news/viewpr.nl.html?pid=24132>
In 2003, NASA, through the input of more than 200 scientists and technicians, finalized an Astrobiology Roadmap to outline and prioritize research and exploration pathways. The Roadmap has six goals:
Goal 4: Understand how past life on Earth interacted with its changing planetary and Solar System environment
I will be returning to this topic from time to time, especially Goal 3, which actually speaks of developing a study of universal biology.
Reports in The Ecologist and National Geographic reports that crows are carrying walnuts in their beaks to intersections, wait for the traffic light to turn red, drop the walnuts and after the cars run over the nuts, fly down and pick out the walnut meat. The National Geographic continues, stating that crows can make tools - and not just by accident. They create two different tools, depending upon the need. Apparently crows are as smart as chimpanzees, and studies seem to show that actually, crows are better at making tools than chimpanzees.
In addition, studies show dogs can map language. Great apes have been taught to communicate using sign language. We know that some animals can lie (recall, for instance, the article "Lemurs can be liars, if they think you want their food" in the May 2006 issue of Monitor on Psychology).
So, if planets are a natural consequence of the laws of physics (especially gravity) given a debris field, and life a natural consequence of the laws of physics and chemistry given liquid water, common basic organic molecules (found everywhere in space, from nebulae to comets), and an energy source, is sentient life a consequence of the laws of biology given a "boring" enough environment (see "Universal Biologies - Order from Chaos," and "Sentient Life" post)?
This is not to say that the universe is teeming with sentient life. While life is probably fairly common, most of it will be microbial type. Even with Earth's history, microbes account for most of the timeline for life. While catastrophic events can (and have, on the Earth) wipe out larger life forms, microbial forms are the most likely to survive.
Microbes can even survive being blasted into space; for example, if a large meteor hits a planet, large chunks of the planet can be launched into space. If one of those chunks hits another planet - life may be seeded there. Some feel that maybe that has happened between Mars and the Earth: some say life may have started on Mars first, then spread to the Earth (making Mars the garden of eden, and it did have a much wetter and warmer past), others say the reverse.
In addition, some environments are probably too harsh for large, complex life forms to evolve, or greatly slow down the evolutionary process (increasing the chances for a large enough catastrophe to set the evolutionary clock back).
But, life will find a way, and where there is life, there is hope. Thus, I believe sentient life is a natural potential - it will result if given a chance. But it won't be as common as, well, "common," or lower, life forms.
Dingfelder, S. "Lemurs can be liars, if they think you want their food." Monitor on Psychology. Vol 37, No. 5 (May 2006). 10. Can also be found at <http://www.apa.org/monitor/may06/lemurs.html> (as of 1 December 2007).
Watching the "Alien Planets" episode of the History Channel's Universe program, we learn an interesting discovery: planets around a pulsar (for example PSR B1257+12). That should be impossible - a pulsar is what is formed after a massive supernova explosion, an explosion so powerful that any planets should be destroyed. However, three small rocky planets were found. What they now hypothesize is that these are planets that formed from the debris of the destroyed orignial planets. If this is so, then this is more proof that planets can form even under extreme conditions; gravity wants to clump debris together, it is a natural consequence of matter and gravity. Thus, planets are probably very, very common.
By the way, life on a planet around a pulsar is very unlikely - there is far too much radiation flooding the system, especially if the planet happens to be in the way of the emission beams from the pulsar's magnetic poles.
Pennsylvania State University. "Scientists announce smallest extra-solar planet yet discovered." 10 February 2005. 29 November 2007. <http://live.psu.edu/story/10180>
Some more contemplations on color and culture. Color can be useful for helping to distinguish between unripe, ripe, and overripe fruit; threaten or warn; distinguish between types of prey (which kind of beetle is tastier); and attracting mates; to mention but a few uses, and thus reasons for, the ability to see in many colors. For creatures who can see in color and find it useful, and who develop advanced sentience (including the ability to think in abstract terms), there is a probability that they will assign metaphorical meanings to color as well.
Some of this was mentioned in the Color of Life post; think of what various colors mean to us: yellow means warmth, light, day, energy - it is a positive color; red is connected to blood, and often means life, and from spilled blood, sacrifice or death; blue is a color of coolness, water, and sky; black is the color of night, mystery, and death, and of course green is for food, sustenance, fertility, serenity, and life.
Around different stars, these colors could easily take on other meanings. Around a hot blue star, blue may not be a color of coolness. The sky may very well be blue, with a brighter blue spot for the sun - which could be interesting. Think about what if our sky was yellow? Our yellow sun would be this bright part of the yellow sky, a bright spot that moved. Maybe we wouldn't be able to tell exactly the boundaries of the sun and so not, at first, recognize it as a self contained body circling the Earth, but instead just a brightness that moves across the sky.
So too, possibly, for some planets circling a blue star (a B class star - O class stars are also blue, but being the most massive stars in the universe, nd can not form planets due to the photoevaporation effect). Blue stars tend to be extremely hot and bright - the star would be this large very bright blue spot in the sky, the sky being a gradient from somewhat darker blue at the horizon, moving to lighter and brighter blue at the center of the bright day light. The world would be bathed in blue. Plants could be fuchsia, or even purple, in color. Oceans would have fuchsia or purple algae like plants in it, giving the seas there a violet or purple tint.
It is possible that some planets around F-stars would be home to plants with blue and blue related hues. Creatures trying to conceal themselves would develop blue skin colorations (Andorians?). That could either elevate blue to some mythic status, or because it is so common, other, more rare, colors would hold greater value.
Another possible result may be that some creatures, especially the carnivores, may find being color blind an advantage - with everything awash in blue, the ability to detect differences in brightness and texture would become more important than color itself (see the post Color Blindness Advantages - What Drives Color Range? for more information). Maybe blues would be seen in grayscale, while the other, more rare, colors are seen as they are. To such beings, the day time sky would appear a bright light grey, with the night sky black - and as the day turns to night, the sky changes in a sliding gradient from very light grey to ever darkening grey, and finally to black.
On a planet with black plants (possibly on a planet circling a dim, red class M star, the most common star in the universe), black could come to represent life (literally to the primitive sentient mind and metaphorically to the advanced sentient mind) - the opposite of how many Earthlings view the color. And if black was food, sustenance, fertility, and thus life - then what of the black night sky? Think of how such a planet would look to human explorers - say a somewhat dim red sun in the sky (giving the appearance of constant approaching evening), in a crimson, fuchsia or magenta sky (*), bathing black plants with reddish light - what a demonic place it would appear to human eyes, a Dante planet. Yet, to the natives, those would be the colors that would bring peace, and calmness - it would be the colors of home. Red would mean life, as well as black. The night sky would be as important, color-wise, as the day sky. Space would always have this connection to plants, to food, to sustenance - even if subconsciously. So maybe such creatures would be less fearful of space - they would find a comfort being surrounded by the blackness like some people on Earth feel when in a heavily forested mountain, or dense tropical jungle - surrounded by the color of life.
Would primitive aliens on such a planet think of the night sky as being a large plant leaf that blocks the sun (but, like all leaves, has imperfections, imperfections that allow some light to sneak through - star light)? One of their gods could then be a plant god. And since plants need the sun, this is not an evil god, just one that is taking its turn soaking up some sun. Or maybe it is an evil plant-god (some plants are poisonous, after all) fighting with the planet's creatures for the life-giving rays of the sun, a battle that occurs every day-night cycle (ancient humans thought somewhat similar battles went on between the Sun and the Moon - brought to terrifying climax with solar eclipses, which gave the appearance of the Moon eating the Sun, and to which primitive humans tried to help the Sun by banging on drums or shooting arrows in the air at the Moon to drive the Moon away - which of course always worked!)
* Depending upon how much blue light the star also radiates, and how much ozone is in the atmosphere to scatter that blue light- while an M-star radiates red most strongly in the visual range, it doesn't mean it does not radiate any other color.
Most members of the animal kingdom can regenerate lost body parts at some (or all) of their life cycle. Mammals aren't one of those animals. Yet, scientists say the pathway (called the Wnt pathway) still exists, untapped, in mammalians.
Before we start speculating on alien sentient beings being able to routinely sprout new appendages (or like Jeebs, the hapless alien in MIB I and II, a new head), the question that first needs to be pondered is why have mammalians lost, or suppressed, this ability. On the surface, it seems like it would be evolutionary advantageous to retain this ability. Yet apparently it was also advantageous to lose it. Even among creatures that can regenerate, many of them can not do so when adults. This seems to indicate that there must be some problems with regeneration, especially with advanced life forms.
It is obvious we do not fully understand all the parameters regarding regeneration. However, the fact remains the Wnt pathway still exists, latently, but exists in at least some higher mammals. Thus, maybe it is not far-fetched to think there could be sentient aliens with at least some regenerative abilities. In addition, since Earth scientists are looking to restart this latent ability (and have had some success with adult frogs and chicken embryos), it is a distinct possibility that other alien sentient beings could work on restarting any latent regeneration they may have, and may be successful, either as medical procedure, or as a full time reacquired ability.
However, the more advanced the creature, the more there are limitations to the regeneration - that only makes sense. Simple structures are easier to rebuild, with less chance for mistakes. Not so for complex structures. Simple structures require less energy to rebuild than complex structures. Simple structures can rebuild faster. And finally, simple creatures tend to less centralized, the less centralized they are, the easier they can live without a part of themselves. Complex creatures tend to have rather centralized controls. Which brings us to an important point: there are structures that just can't be regenerated - such as a heart, or brain. How can a mammalian body naturally survive a missing heart even if it has the ability to regenerate? The body cannot survive long enough without a heart to give time enough for another heart to regenerate. Same with a brain - if the entire brain is dead or missing, the body cannot continue functioning long enough to allow for regeneration to complete (and even if a creature could regenerate a new head, ala Jeebs in MIB, how could it retain all its knowledge and memories?).
So, how would this affect culture, if we could routinely regenerate missing ears, noses, arms, or legs? For one, it would prolong life - for instance, amputations due to illness would be a temporary set back as the body regrows a healthy new appendage. Maybe more people would be greater risk takers, since the risk of death or permanent dismemberment or disfigurement is lowered (cosmetic surgery? Just remove the offending area, and let a new area grow back). But it also may make war or violence even more common place, since soldiers could be more easily resent back into battle (wars of attrition would take much longer). Of course repeated violence, repeated being torn apart and regrowing must have an affect on the brain, especially on the mental "adaptation" to such a "life." This would also affect culture.
The tougher question is how would it affect theology? What kind of theology would an alien race that had strong natural regenerative powers have?
ScienceDaily (2007-11-22) -- The next time you take a moonlit stroll, or admire a full, bright-white moon looming in the night sky, you might count yourself lucky. New observations suggest that moons like Earth's -- that formed out of tremendous collisions -- are uncommon in the universe, arising at most in only five to ten percent of planetary systems.
Though 5 to 10 percent of billions of planets is still a large number of planets with large moons (the size of the Moon is so large in comparison with the Earth, it leads some to speak of the Earth and the Moon as a Earth-Moon system, or a double planet).
However, this is an important issue when discussing, speculating, on alternative extrasolar biological, psychological, theological and societal realities that could exist.
Firstly, how important is a large moon to the rise of, and sustainability of, life on a planet? Some say the moon, by its size, helps protect the Earth from large meteor bombardment. That is debatable. One could actually argue that the Earth protects the Moon more than the Moon protects the Earth since the Earth is larger than the Moon, and hence a bigger target and a larger "attractant" due to its larger gravity. Also, one could also argue that the Moon also increases the chances of meteors coming close, by adding its gravitational pull (think of the Earth and Moon as one system: add up the gravitational attraction it would have on passing meteors). Additionally, while the Moon is large, it is separated by 250,000 miles. The further away you hold a large shield from you, the less of a shield it becomes. When a meteor heads towards the Earth, the Moon would have to be pretty much in the direct path. Remember, the gravity pull of the Earth is several times larger than the Moon's - in a tug a war between the Earth and the Moon over a meteor, I would lay bets on the Earth "winning."
So while the Moon may give the Earth some protection, it may not give us as much as we think. But, it may have been enough. Let us say that without the Moon's protection, we would've experienced only one additional large meteor impact over the history of the planet to date. That one additional impact would easily change the course of sentient development on Earth - most likely delaying it by millions of years. And quite possibly changing the final face of the sentient creature that did eventually evolve.
Secondly, the size of the Moon does help keep the Earth from being too wobbly on its axis. This helps keep the seasons from being overly dramatic, which would make it more difficult for complex life to arise (though, I would argue, not impossible, but probably would prolong its rise, and thus delay the rise of sentient life).
Thirdly, the Moon affects the tides on Earth. A smaller moon would have a much smaller effect, and without a moon, there would be an even small effect (the Sun would have an effect, but only 1/3 of the effect the Moon presently has). The tides have profound effects on the Earth - mainly from erosion which helps mix chemicals, especially for the young Earth (when the Moon was closer and had a much more dramatic effect on the tides).
By the way, did you know that this tidal affect is also responsible for pushing the Moon slowly away from us? The Earth is rotating faster (essentially 29 times faster) than the Moon orbits around it. This causes the high tide to move ahead of the Moon. Recall that a high tide is a bulge in the oceans of the Earth facing the Moon (and directly opposite of it). This bulge has mass, and thus gravity; this added gravity tugs on the Moon - but since it is slightly ahead of the Moon (due to the Earth rotating faster than the Moon orbits) - this tiny gravitational tug pulls on the Moon, accelerating it. The result of this constant tug is that the Moon is slowly accelerating, and thus spiraling away from the Earth. As time passes, the Moon will get further and further away (though as it gets further away, the Moon will have lesser effect on the tides, which will thus mean that the resulting acceleration would decrease - but not to zero, the Moon will continue to spiral away). So for those that remark at how miraculous it is that the Moon is the same apparent size in the sky as the Sun need to recall that it hasn't always been that way, nor will it stay that way (plus the Moon isn't exactly the same apparent size as the Sun - but it is very close to it).
Another result of the above is that the energy for the acceleration of the Moon comes at a cost to the Earth: it's angular momentum decreases. The result for this is a lengthening day. Some calculate that billions of years ago the Earth spun much faster, and without any moon, a full day today would be around 8 hours instead of 24. This faster spinning Earth could also have much stronger winds as well. Life would look a bit different on a planet that had stronger winds, a shorter day, and smaller (but more frequent) tides.
Not having a moon would definitely have affects on the culture and theology of a sentient race. Think of how strongly our Moon plays into many of our primitive theologies and myths. But another consideration is how the dark skies would affect the alien race as well: darker skies would mean more attention paid to the stars, but I think an even stronger effect is that having a large moon so close to us may have encouraged us as a species to think about exploring space sooner than we would've otherwise. Without a moon, there is nothing close enough to explore - for thousands of years, the planets were just thought of as wandering stars. The only other physical body was the moon. Without the Moon, it would be quite some time before we would realize there are other physical bodies besides the Earth. Without a moon, there would not be that stepping stone that we enjoy - going to the Moon is far easier than going to Mars. It gives us a chance to learn, experiment, and gain experience before heading off to more arduous and more difficult explorations.
One way a habitable planet may have some of the benefits of a large moon without having a moon orbiting it, is for the planet to be a large moon itself, and circling a gas giant. While that gas giant would surely attract more than its share of meteors, the orbiting moons are so very small compared to the parent planet, that most would probably miss the moons. Not all, of course, but no planet or moon is totally safe from meteors.
Let's say a planet about the size of the Earth was circling a planet the size of Jupiter. There would definitely be tides! And as we see with our own system, giant planets are like a solar system themselves: ringed by many captured moons. A habitable "moon" circling such a gas giant would have many near by physical neighbors to visit, explore, and colonize (or base stations on). Such a civilization may be more even encouraged to explore space than our own.
And what a god the gas giant would probably play in their primitive theologies! Would they look up in the sky filled, at times, completely by the gas giant, and think "is that heaven" or "is that hell?"
Actually, that may be a downside - orbiting such a large planet would mean periods where the sun would be blocked by the gas giant, and day and night would both be dark (with part of that darkness without even any nighttime stars). Though the times the moon was in front of the gas giant (between the planet and the sun), the night would be ruled by the reflected sunlight off of the planet's cloud tops. Life has adapted to life above the arctic and antarctic circles here on Earth, with their months long days and months long nights, so life could easily adapt to orbiting a gas giant - though the orbiting moons may well have such fast orbiting periods (for one thing, as big as Jupiter is, it is still much smaller than the sun) that these periods of full light and full darkness would be short - Io orbits Jupiter in under two days, while Europa orbits in under 4 days. Leda and Himalia have the longest orbiting periods for a Jovian moon: just over 238 days for Leda and 250 for Himalia. Nights (where the sun is totally blocked by Jupiter) on those moons are probably around one or two months long (haven't worked out the exact numbers; the distance from Jupiter is a factor - a theoretical moon with an orbit of 250 days at 600,000 Km from Jupiter would have a longer day long nights than another moon with the same orbit, but at 11,480,000 Km away. The shadow of a planet is not a cylinder, but a cone, it gets more narrow the further out it goes).
Another thing to consider is if the orbiting moon is in phase lock with the planet - the rotation period the same as its orbital period, thus ensuring one side always facing the planet it is orbiting. Our Moon is like this - we only see one side of the Moon from Earth. Those living on the far side of the orbiting moon would never see the gas giant (well, if they stayed near the equator. If they moved some distance north or south of the equator, they would begin to see the top, or bottom, of the gas giant over the horizon). They would have a long day, followed by a long night. Those on the near side would always face the gas giant. Most of their daylight would be the reflected light off the gas giant, though as the moon orbited the planet, those living on the near side would get short glimpses of the sun - it wouldn't rise high in the sky, however. And then they would experience a starless night (though for the same reason they would get a short glimpse of the sun before or after night, they would get a short glimpse of a star filled night sky after or before night).
It would be interesting to entertain what kind of mythologies would arise on the near side and on the far side of such a world. For the near side, a massive god before them, and a bright god that flirtatiously appears once during the short year, and a star filled sky half a year later. For the far side, the bright god of the day, but this looming god just over the horizon, peaking over. And then there's the many small moons whizzing by, some below, some above the world - what to make of them? Also, would such a world figure out sooner than we did that the universe doesn't orbit around the habited world?
Another downside to orbiting a gas giant could be the intense radiation belt surrounding the giant planet. Io, a moon of Jupiter, orbits closer to the Jupiter's cloud tops than the Moon orbits the Earth. Jupiter has massive radiation belts, and Io cuts through them, causing Io not only to be bathed in high levels of dangerous radiation, but creating huge currents of electricity that flow along Io's own magnetic field (bathing the moon in auroral glow).
Another downside is that such a "moon" would have greater tides. The closer it circles the gas giant, the greater the tidal forces. It is thought that the tidal energies experienced by the moons orbiting Jupiter and Saturn are keeping the cores of the moons heated. There is direct evidence of geological activity at work on many of the moons. For instance, it is thought that tidal forces are what are causing the volcanic activity on Io, and is one of the mechanisms thought to create liquid oceans under the frozen surface of Europa (also a moon of Jupiter).
ScienceDaily (2007-11-23) -- Scientists have discovered some unexpected forms of liquid crystals of ultrashort DNA molecules immersed in water, providing a new scenario for a key step in the emergence of life on Earth.
A key missing step in the process has been discovered - it is felt that the formation of full DNA molecules by random chemistry is essentially impossible, and thus scientists have been searching for more primitive and simpler molecules that would self organize. These, then, could lead to DNA.
This discovery of liquid crystal form of self organizing ultrashort DNA is an amazing discovery. Small repeating patterns combine to build larger repeating patterns which combine to build even larger and more complex patterns. Evolution works fairly quickly with simple organizations, and slows for more complex organizations, as we've seen in a previous post (Sentient Evolution ).
This helps support New York University chemist Robert Shapiro's earlier statement that life began from cyclical reactions involving small molecules: "these reactions would produce compounds that would feed back into the cycle, creating an ever-growing reaction network" (Schirber, Par. 13). The cyclic reactions from the small molecules would eventually create more complex molecules that would be more efficient, replacing the smaller molecules: "the system would learn to make slightly larger molecules" (Schirber, Par. 15). This is the "metabolism first" hypothesis of how life began (the other main thought is that RNA came first).
However life started, there is evidence it started 3.7 billion years ago, and fossilized bacteria found as old as 3.5 billion years. There is evidence that some form of photosynthesis began nearly at the beginning, if not at the beginning. This may indicate yet again that photosynthesis may be one of the more common energy sources for life, especially early life - may even be a common, almost universal, part of the rise of life; thus, the most common life form in the universe may well be simple plants. When the writer of Genesis says God created plant life first, and far before animal life, that writer was right - He didn't dally with the plants.
A short article in the October issue of Discover explains that sometimes being color blind isn't a bad thing. It was discovered that color-blind capauchins (a species of monkey native to S. America) were more successful at hunting camouflaged insects than capauchins with broader color vision. One hypothesis is that color-blindness actually helps improve the ability to notice differences in texture and brightness, thus being able to better detect camouflaged insects. As a hobby artist, I find that black and white photos sometimes show me more than a full color photo, especially in looking for differences in contrast or brightness - sometimes full color sends too many signals to the brain.
So, in addition to possible alien sentient beings able to perceive only or mainly in the UV range (see previous posts with the tag "alien senses"), or in the infrared, some aliens may see within our range, but be color-blind compared to the average human. Of course, we woul'd be UV-blind (though there have been rare instances of humans being able to see partially into the UV range).
Sex and food primarily, and possibly detection of enemies. For instance, some researchers feel that first color vision arose because those who evolved the ability to see color were better able to distinguish ripe fruit. As the primates developed, and then improved, their ability to see red and orange, the primates began to develop orange and red hues to their hair and skin (or maybe more accurately, those few primates that had orange or red hair stood out from the others and thus were favored by the primates that were more successful in finding ripe fruit).
Interestingly, humans can normally only keep track of three items at once, but if groups of items are of the same color, then we can keep track of three groups, or sets, of items, and thus keep track of many items at once - as long as the items are grouped in no more than three sets of colors (thus, one reason for team uniforms). Not sure what the benefit is of only three. Why not four or five? But at least our minds can use the "trick" of color to get around that limitation somewhat. Maybe humans hunted packs of animals in packs themselves, but also needed to keep track of their human pack leader (the "alpha wolf"). Thus, team uniforms are very advantageous for the spectator: with the two opposing teams in different colors, and the referees in yet a third color, the spectator can keep track of what is going on far better than if everyone wore whatever they wanted, with no player having the same color scheme as any other player on the field. Sports may not have been the evolutionary pressure to develop this ability to track three sets based on color, but instead an example of how the modern mind takes advantage of the situation.
But if we could answer the question, why three, we may be able to determine the conditions needed for an alien species to develop the ability to track four or five (or just two). The ability to track different items will affect the alien civilization's social, cultural, and theological realities; think about the three again: humans have trouble tracking more than three items at once, and three seems to be a holy number for many of our theologies - coincidence? Maybe for aliens that can track four items at a time with ease, four would be their common holy number. And maybe they would have games involving three teams at once.
American Institute of Physics. "Tracking Your Team." Science Daily. 1 December 2006. 25 November 2007. <http://www.sciencedaily.com/videos/2006/1202-tracking_your_team.htm>
It seems the more complex the sentient mind, the slower it evolves. Apparently this is because the genes in the complex mind code for proteins that have complex interaction with other molecules in the body: "change a gene too much and it will be unable to continue its existing functions" (Barone, Par. 2). Thus, the more a brain evolves, the slower its evolution becomes. Though some postulate that the recent information revolution, with its explosion of information and rapid technological change may add extra evolutionary pressure on our brains.
Anyway, this may be another reason why sentient life needs long "boring" (no planet-wide catastrophes) stretches of time to develop, and another reason for some to believe that while life itself may be fairly common in the universe, intelligent life may be somewhat (or even very) rare.
I disagree that it would necessarily be rare - hopefully, if a sentient species makes it to space travel, it will begin colonization and thereby increasing the likelihood of its survival as a species. Space colonization would have an evolutionary pressure on the beings - living in different gravity fields, electromagnetic fields, or atmospheric oxygen compositions for instance, may cause evolutionary changes. These changes wouldn't necessitate brain changes, but body adaptation changes (longer or shorter legs, larger lung capacities) which are not as complex changes to make as are changes in the brain.
Of course, that's skirting around the issue a bit - or cheating: a few sentient species spreading throughout the galaxy is not quite the same thing as sentience being a common result of habitable planets.
One result of this (as complexity of the brain increases, evolution of the brain slows) may be that the old, oft used Sci-Fi adage that advanced aliens would be to us as we are to ants may not hold as much water after all. Sure, a species that's been around for a billion years longer than we have, would have an evolutionary leg up on us, but to compare us to ants? Maybe a lemur would be a more appropriate comparison (by the way, there's an interesting article "Lemurs can be liars, if they think you want their food" in the May 2006 issue of Monitor on Psychology. Not so dumb, after all, these lemurs.). And how many billion year old civilizations would their be? And how many of them had continuously advancement (no dark ages, or no catastrophes that set them back)?
I've wondered sometimes if that would be another reason for extraterrestrials to come visit the Earth: a civilization that was a billion years old may very well have forgotten how they came to be - look at how just much we don't know just several thousands of years back in our own history. They may have great curiosity at how a primitive technological civilization begins. Think how intrigued we'd be if we found a planet of somewhat similar looking creatures were in their stone age era. We'd want to observe them, to maybe get some ideas to help us figure out our own past. Sure, there would be differences, but even the differences can teach us something. It is like studying the weather on Venus and Mars - both have extreme difference in weather, but the two planets are similar enough to Earth in other ways as to be very instructive; Venus and Mars are like two experiments that help us to set parameters, or to see certain forces more clearly on them that are also at work on Earth, but not as obviously.
Dingfelder, S. "Lemurs can be liars, if they think you want their food." Monitor on Psychology. Vol 37, No. 5 (May 2006). 10. Print. Can also be found at <http://www.apa.org/monitor/may06/lemurs.html> (as of 25 November 2007).
No, not talking about a cosmic Jack Lalane (OK, too old of a reference). At my first alma mater, the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, the physics department has a java applet online that demonstrates why hot stars look blue and cool ones look red using Planck's Law, Wien Law, and Steffan-Boltzmann Law. It calculates the blue-visual and ultraviolet-blue color index, as well as showing where the normalized intensity lies in the ultraviolet - visible - infrared spectrum. This site is found at: <http://csep10.phys.utk.edu/guidry/java/wien/wien.html>.
I found it interesting that as a star gets hotter, its normalized intensity peak lies increasingly in the UV (ultraviolet) range of the spectrum. As stars get cooler, the peak moves toward the infrared, but doesn't get into the infrared except for very cool stars.
This would mean that for hot stars, UV would be the more important wavelength to use, while for cool stars, infrared could have some importance. Our eyes are centered around the normalized peak for the sun, with it's 5,780 K surface temperature, which makes logical sense. For beings on a planet around a blue star, their eyes could be centered in the UV band. They may not even have much use at all for the "visible" part of the spectrum ("visible" to us).
For plants, I wonder if this would mean they would be white, since they'd be using the UV photons for photosynthesis instead of our visible light range they'd reflect back all of the visible (to us) light - thus they would appear white. However, it seems unlikely that UV light photons could conceivably be used for photosynthesis. UV light is very energetic, and thus, for the most part, very damaging to life: UV inhibits photosynthesis in present day Earth plants and it can cause destruction to DNA as well as many proteins and lipids. The shorter the wavelength, the more energetic and the more damaging. However, it is thought that UV was an important source of energy in the creation of life and some viruses, bacterium, and fungal spores are rather highly resistant to UV radiation. However, often times creatures that are highly resistant to UV radiation are resistant because they have developed a mechanism for repairing the damage done by the UV radiation, and not because they can just ignore it.
Thus, there are limits to what carbon-based plant life can tolerate with regards to UV radiation. And for a planet around a particularly hot blue star, life would definitely have to find a way to deal with the UV radiation (here's a thought: if UV is thought to be important to the origin of life, would that mean that life is more likely to originate around blue stars than for other stars?). There are two articles, "Limits of photosynthesis in extrasolar planetary systems for earth-like planets," by S. Frank et al. and "Ultraviolet radiation constraints around the circumstellar habitable zones," by Andrea P. Buccino, et al. which I hope to get my hands on soon. Part of the Habitable Zone equation may not only include the zone where water can be in a liquid state, but also where UV radiation isn't extreme.
Anyway, there are some creatures on Earth that, while using the visible spectrum, also use part of the UV spectrum for vision. Various insects, for instance, can see into the UV spectrum - and some flowers have patterns on their petals that can only be seen in UV light to help attract the insects (to aid in pollination).
What would this mean for alien life? That they may be blind to most, if not all, of our "visible" spectrum, and we to theirs. This is not to say they would be blind, rather they would just find an inside room lit with light bulbs to be rather dim if not completely dark: most fluorescent lamps are designed to give off minimal amount of UV radiation - much less than what could be found out of doors (the mercury vapor in a fluorescent lamp does give off UV radiation, but it then collides with the phosphorus coating on the inside of the bulb, and thus is "converted" into visible light). Some lamps, like LEDs, do not give off any UV radiation. LEDs would be invisible to a being who sees only in the UV range.
This isn't an either/or proposition, of course. Some beings could have eyes sensitive to a large range, with part of their visible spectrum in the UV and part in our visible spectrum. They would be essentially color-blind in that they would see some colors, but not all (for instance, can only see blue and green). Many animals on Earth have limited color range, seeing mainly black and white. Even some humans only see in black and white: more than 5% of the natives of the island Ingelap, in Micronesia, have the rare condition of Monochromasy - total color blindness (Oliver Sacks wrote a book about them, titled The Island of the Colorblind).
Not sure how this would affect the alien's culture or theology, though they would see the night sky differently than we do, seeing patterns that we do not see, which could affect their theology to some degree. It would definitely affect their visual art - painting, drawing, and video. They would work on UV cameras first, and create UV TVs - rather different technology than what we came up with (I wonder how a UV TV would work?). The biggest affect, I believe, would be in the contact between us and them.
Of course, some Sci-Fi movies do have aliens that can only see in infrared or UV, though usually just in infrared, as it makes for more exciting drama to have an alien that can see our body heat - making us stand out like glaring targets, while the alien is concealed to our vision. That would indeed play on our visceral fears, if we knew that our new alien friends can readily see in infrared.
In a recent edition of Discover, an article, "Aliens Among Us," asks the question "do we share our planet with alternative forms of life?" (62). Mathematical models indicate that there is a 95% chance that life originated two or more times on the Earth. There is no reason, from natural laws, that life didn't have more than one origin. DNA based life dominated, but that doesn't mean that niches are filled with RNA based life (DNA based life uses RNA, and evolved from RNA based life). At present, most of our methods for detecting life do not look for RNA, they look for DNA instead.
In early Earth history, the Earth would've been bombarded by large planetoids, comets and meteors - some of which may have wiped out early life. Life would've begun again. Why? Why can chemical reactions be predicted if the type and quantity of the chemicals involved are known as well as the environment (temperature, pressure, etc)? Why can large (and thus Newtonian) physical systems be predicted given known values (mass, density, magnetic fields, etc)? Because laws are universal. Given certain range of conditions, life will rise.
Life has great variety on Earth "but at the molecular level they are staggeringly uniform" (62). This doesn't mean that alien life will share the same uniformity as Earth life. But it will probably have its own uniformity. And it does mean that when looking for life, we need to broaden the tool set we use for looking for life. But it also means that here on Earth we need to study all the forms of life that exist here to help us gain an idea of the universal biology laws.
You see, forces all work to find an equilibrium. A star burns because gravity compresses it down, igniting a nuclear furnace. The radiation pressure from that furnace pushes back against the forces of gravity. While they balance, the star burns in an overall steady state. Depending upon mass, the star lives a long life, or a short life, and ends in a supernova or a blackhole (OK, this is a bit oversimplified). This happens over and over again throughout the universe because the forces are everywhere - gravity, light, and electromagnetism, for instance, are common and they react each according to their natures; and because their natures are not random natures, they do not interact randomly: gravity doesn't randomly become light and then magnetism, for instance, and it doesn't randomly change the way it interacts with the universe.
True, constants may actually change over time (there are debates about just how constant constants are), but overall forces have a nature to them, a pattern to them. And patterns interacting with patterns, and you get great variety of results, but it isn't chaos. Same with biology. There will be universal biological laws. And given the right range of conditions, and life will arise again and again in the universe, just like stars die and stars are born, they didn't come into existence only once, to die as a one time occurrence. Galaxies weren't created only once. There is an overall evolution to the universe (change may be the only true constant), but it is a slow evolution, and right now life exists, and we are learning more and more just how tenacious life is. It survives terrible calamities, terrible upsets - particular life forms may not survive, but life itself tenaciously persists.
Zimmer, Carl. "Aliens Among Us." Discover. July 2007. 62 - 65. Can also be found at <http://discovermagazine.com/2007/jul/aliens-among-us>.
Scientists, including biometerologist Nancy Kiang of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, have been speculating to the color of alien life in response to the type of star, or even atmosphere, of their planet.
Plant like life would probably be fairly common since starlight is a very useful, and fairly constant source of energy for life to take advantage of. On the Earth, for instance, phytoplankton (microbial plants) are extremely abundant and "provide the basis for most of the marine food chain, half the oxygen in our atmosphere and ultimately much of the life on Earth" ("Breakthrough").
Studying plants on Earth, the scientists discovered something: at first plants seem rather inefficient because they reflect light at its highest energy output - green light. The sun light energy that hits the surface of our planet actually peaks in the green band. However, photosynthesis uses particles (photons) of the light rather than just the energy. The photons peak in the red range. This is because red light penetrates through the atmosphere easier than blue light which gets scattered mainly by atmospheric ozone (which is why the sky looks blue, and the sun appears to be red when it is setting - the light from the setting sun has to travel through more atmosphere than the noon time sun, and the only light that makes it through with the least scattering is red).
But even though blue light is scattered somewhat by our atmosphere, enough still reaches the ground that plants can find it useful; while photosynthesis relies on photons, more energetic photons tend to be more efficient - blue photons are far more energetic than red photons. Though there is a limit as to how much energy a plant can take in. For most Earth plants, concentrating on the peak in the red range is enough.
By the way, while the sun puts out more light energy in the green band, it looks yellow to us on the surface because, as mentioned above, some of the blue is being scattered by the atmosphere. From space, the sun looks white, but that is because of how our eyes work - when flooded by the entire spectrum, especially from a bright source, our eyes will perceive the source to be white, even if it is not fully white.
Using this information about photosynthesis, Nancy Kiang and her fellow scientists speculated what color life would prefer in alien environments. F-type stars, for instance, are hot blue stars that give off more blue photons than photons of other colors, and definitely far more than the sun. On a planet circling such a star, any plant like organisms that finds the chemistry of photosynthesis to be as useful as do Earth plants (*), then such plant like organisms may want to concentrate on absorbing blue particles. They would probably reflect red and orange, since those wavelengths are of little use (not efficient to use them).
Around cooler, and dimmer, red M-type stars, the light may be so little that plant life will need all the particles they can get, and thus they would reflect little to no light back (black plants - a goth planet!). Even if the plant life used chlorophyll that absorbed mostly in the infrared range (scientists have discovered two types of chlorophyll on Earth that absorb in the infrared range), such plants may want to absorb as much heat as possible. Or for a planet or habitable moon circling a gas giant far from the central sun, with a thick atmosphere (reflecting even more of the blue wavelength that our atmosphere), plants on such a planet may need to use all available light as well. (Note: Apparently solitary - not binary - red dwarf M-type stars are the most common in our galaxy).
What would this mean for sentient cultures? Just that each section of their spectrum could easily have rather different cultural significances or cultural or theological metaphors. Think of what yellow means to us: warmth, light, day, energy - it is a positive color. Red is connected to blood, and often means life, and from spilled blood, sacrifice or death. Blue is a color of coolness, water, and sky. And of course green is for food, sustenance, fertility, serenity, and life.
Around different stars, these colors could easily take on other meanings. Around a hot blue star, blue may not be a color of coolness. The sky may very well be blue, with a brighter blue spot for the sun - which could be interesting. Think about what if our sky was yellow? Our yellow sun would be this bright part of the yellow sky, a bright spot that moved. Maybe we wouldn't be able to tell exactly the boundaries of the sun and so not, at first, recognize it as a self contained body circling the Earth, but instead just a brightness that moves across the sky. So too, possibly, for some planets circling a blue star.
On a planet with black plants, black could come to represent, to the primitive sentient mind, life. And if black was food, sustenance, fertility, and thus life - then what of the black night sky?
And what of a planet that had both blue water and blue plants? The color blue could take on such a huge significance. Maybe even some of the animal life would have blue pigmentation (to blend in with the vegetation, for instance). However, Ms. Kiang feels that totally blue is the least likely color for plants, since blue light has very high energy photons.
Speaking of red stars, class M stars tend to flare more than sun, and more strongly. This can cause problems for life as the flare floods the planets with strong radiation. However, life is tenacious, "life always finds a way," and not only are there small life forms on Earth that can survive in outer space, but water is a good shield - life forms 9 to 10 meters below the surface would be protected from the flares while still getting enough life giving photons.
* Because of the universality of the laws of physics and chemistry, it is conceivable that there are universal laws of biology, which are based on physics and chemistry. Not all biologies may discover photosynthesis, as there are many chemical and physical variables within those universal laws, variables that may vary enough that some biologies may not "discover" or even need photosynthesis, or may find alternative versions of photosynthesis that are not needed or were not "discovered" by the biology of our planet. However, chlorophyll is a remarkable molecule; it is a very useful source of energy production for life and so seems highly likely to be popular among life in the universe (though again, that does not rule out exceptions).
Estimates the number of advanced Milky Way galaxy civilizations we potentially could communicate with.
For more information see my Introduction to the Drake Equation post and related posts with label Drake Equation.
this expanable content box is made using a free javascript from flooble | logic problems, math puzzles
To delete a comment, just log in and view the post's comments. There you will have the option to edit or delete them.
Charles W. Warner Company has been providing life insurance and supplemental benefits to employees and their families since 1969. For over forty years, we've delivered personalized and affordable insurance programs to protect everything that matters most to you. Our vast experience, knowledge, and resources make us a great choice to protect you and your loved ones.
Our customer service representatives are always happy to review your individual situation to ensure you have the right coverage. Our unique approach to one on one service allows us to provide products tailored to your lifestyle and budget.
We're sure that once you've worked with us, you won't want to work with anyone else. As your insurance needs change, we're right by your side to make sure your coverage keeps pace. We'd love to speak with you today to discuss how we can meet your insurance needs. When we say "We span your Lifetime insurance needs" we mean it!
This site is community authored. Content copyright © authors as acknowledged. Please keep your discussion to MTB related topics and ride the trails with respect.
Part of the Global Riders Network. Powered by Demon-Host. Please consider shopping with Our Affliates to help support this site.
A year ago, I posted some excerpts from an article in The New Yorker dating back to 1940 about McSorley’s Old Ale House, a tavern in Manhattan’s East Village. That article discussed how aggressively behind the times the old tavern was … and it’s now 75 years later. In the 161 years of its life, a lot of people have visited and commented on it, obviating the need for one more report. Well, this is a blog, so you’re getting it, anyway. My guide was All About Beer Magazine editor (and friend) John Holl, who recently took me over for a beer. These are my findings.
A few things have changed, but McSorley’s claim to fame is its continued aggressive antiquity. Three or four people mentioned that not too long ago, somebody in an official capacity wandered through and was horrified by the hairy accumulations of dust on the old wishbones hanging over the bar and demanded a full cleaning. Maybe so, but the hair is piled back up to at least an eighth of an inch, so it seems like he hasn’t been back recently. The whole bar is clad in shades of gray, partly because of the undisturbed dust, partly because none of the pictures that cover every inch of the walls were taken after the introduction of color photography. The windows are dusty and the light bulbs weak; and the front of the bar, where the sun did manage to penetrate, was the one place patrons avoided.
As unchanged as the bar is, it must contend with visitors, and they arrive from 2015. Women are nominally allowed now (a court ruling in 1970 mandated it), but the place is so grimy that only one of the 20-odd patrons I saw was female. But people were wearing T-shirts and jeans, carrying backpacks, and of course, clicking photos on cell phones. McSorley’s has become such an institution that floods of tourists (like me) wash away some of the authenticity. What can you do? (Try to crop them out of the pictures.)
One of the most interesting things about the place is the beer. According to that Mitchell piece in The New Yorker, “McSorley’s always has come from the Fidelio Brewery on First Avenue; the brewery was founded two years before the saloon.” Well, now the right to brew it is owned by Pabst, and they make two beers, a light and a dark. When you order, you get two mugs at a minimum. “A beer” means two beers. They come with half head and half beer and settle into about a two-thirds pour. Ordering “two pales” will thus get you four half-filled mugs of pale. John ordered one and one to start so I could try both. The pale is toasty and warm but clean and lager-like. It’s American in that halfway sense that beers were once neither fully lager nor ale. The dark is much more lager-like—a schwarzbier, it tasted to me. I liked them both quite a lot, but when we had a second round, I ordered the dark.
When you order one beer at McSorley’s you get two at a minimum—a pale and a dark. (Photo by Jeff Alworth)
Some institutions—particularly drinking establishments that cater mainly to tourists—become kitsch, self-parodies. I couldn’t decide if McSorley’s had crossed that line or not. Surely a truly living place would have abandoned the sawdust floor? Would have changed out a few of the old pictures with new-old pictures of the more recent long-ago history? But arguing against this point is the way the Irish bartender handled the empty glasses. Since people are drinking them by twos, and since they’re smallish and not filled full, there’s quite a volume. The bartender cleans them by taking two fanned fistfuls and plunging them in water a few times. Up on the drainboard they go, ready for another filling. That doesn’t seem like kitsch.
And it’s not something of which that state health official would approve, probably. But somehow, it doesn’t seem like the city is any more insistent about changes at McSorley’s than McSorley’s is. Manhattan is a strange place, in that it is absolutely remorseless about plowing the old under to make way for the new while at the same time cherishing the old places that somehow dodge the wrecking ball. (Across the street from McSorley’s is some new Gehry-inflected building.) If for no other reason than it has managed to survive, I guess I’ll assume it’s something more than kitsch.
Anyway, if you want to visit, I’d select a sleepy early afternoon sometime in the middle of the week. There are fewer patrons then, and fewer tourists, and you can cock your head just enough to see back through the decades as you try to find enough light to snap that cell phone pic.
Jeff Alworth is the author of the book, The Beer Bible (Workman, 2015). Follow him on Twitter or find him at his blog, Beervana.
Great article, brings back memories of my visit there in 1995. The only thing you didn’t mention is that when it’s busy, they actually make you keep drinking or will kick you out so others can sit down and drink. There’s no lollygagging at McSorleys!
We talk about McSorley’s a lot. Back in the summer of 1970, we were in New York City, although we lived in Queens,(a suburb of the City) we’d never been to McSorley’s. My husband George is a really good guy, and loves beer, so he wanted to go in and have one beer. We knew there were no women allowed in(!)so the court ruling must have come a bit later. I was 9 months pregnant with our first son, and I told George that I would wait outside, while he went in, which I did. Thinking back on it now, I should have walked in and yelled” You left me outside with our child about to be born!!! But I didn’t do that, and when I peeked inside and saw the total filth, I was glad that my baby and I didn’t enter. Also, I won’t go where I’m not wanted.
Now George and I have just celebrated our 50th wedding anniversary, and we still laugh about the visit to McSorley’s. But when I was a member of N.O.W. in the 1970’s I would never admit that I waited outside of McSorley’s in my ninth month!!!!
The wishbones were hung by GI’s on their way to fight in Europe during WW1. If they returned safe, they took a wishbone down. The remaining ones are for those who never made it home, which is why they have not been taken down.
My older brother took me there when I visited him in 1994. I still talk about the place to people – loved it. We had hunks of cheese and raw onion rings with our beer. Do they still serve that?
Compare book prices at 110 online bookstores worldwide for the lowest price for new & used textbooks and discount books! 1 click to get great deals on cheap books, cheap textbooks & discount college textbooks on sale.
The goal of this website is to help shoppers compare book prices from different vendors / sellers and find cheap books and cheap college textbooks. Many discount books and discount text books are put on sale by discounted book retailers and discount bookstores everyday. All you need to do is to search and find them. This site also provides many book links to some major bookstores for book details and book coupons. But be sure not quickly jump into any bookstore site to buy. Always click "Compare Price" button to compare prices first. You would be happy that how much you would save by doing book price comparison.
It's becoming more and more popular to buy used books and used textbooks among college students for saving. Different second hand books from different sellers may have different conditions. Make sure to check used book condition from the seller's description. Also many book marketplaces put books for sale from small bookstores and individual sellers. Make sure to check store review for seller's reputation if possible. If you are in a hurry to get a book or textbook for your class, you should choose buying new books for prompt shipping.
Our goal is to quickly find the cheapest books and college textbooks for you, both new and used, from a large number of bookstores worldwide. Currently our book search engines fetch book prices from US, Canada, UK, New Zealand, Australia, Netherlands, France, Ireland, Germany, and Japan. More bookstores from other countries will be added soon. Before buying from a foreign book store or book shop, be sure to check the shipping options. It's not unusual that shipping could take two to three weeks and cost could be multiple of a domestic shipping charge.
I have put together some really funny, crazy and wierd pictures compiled from the net. Hope you like them!
Awesome Pictures of Shipwrecks and Sea Disasters clipped from www.darkroastedblend.com They were proud and beautiful once, confident in the...
Here are some Cute Baby Animal Pictures from clipmarks clipped from thecutest.info The Cutest Images:
Here are some Funny Christmas Cartoons and Pictures which you can enjoy. Just sit back and have a laugh...Merry Christmas to you all!! ...
This is a collection of really funny and cute baby pictures compiled from the internet. Crying child with a crying doll! Drinking time??...
Amazing Pictures Of Catacombs Full Of Mummified Monks clipped from www.dailymail.co.uk Dating back to the 16th Century, the catacombs were ...
These are really very funny and weird signs and signposts pictures that I found on the internet. Have a look. This one looks like it has be...
I have put together some really funny, crazy and wierd pictures compiled from the net. Hope you like them! JAWWS 3....IN THE MAKING!!This...
Free squirt porn pics with piping hot nude updates, we provides every monday and thursday. Watch horny girls and women do really naughty things. Squirting is always great for watching and Squirting Virgin is all about it. The site is packed with HQ photos and HD videos of beautiful girls that squirt during an. Squirting Pictures * Pussy Obsession. Nude Girls; Nude Babes; XXX Pics; XXX HegaN; Free Porn Pics; Sexy Girls; Porn for Free;
We do not own, produce or host the videos embeded or linked on this website.All of the videos are hosted by websites that are not under our control.Thumbnails are automatically generated from the videos.We have zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
Parents, please protect your children from adult and mature content: Cyber Patrol, Net Nanny, Cyber Sitter.
Allison Waken is a photographer, wife and mom of 2 boys out of Phoenix, AZ. This lifestyle blog is all about creating memories through travel, photography, fun projects and family interaction.
overview : Apu is making the husbands of Springfield look bad with his extravagent Valentine's Day efforts for Manjula. When the men try to sabotage Apu's grand gesture, they accidentally wind up benefiting from it.
Tags : mother, baby, alcohol, cat, brother, clown, house, housewife, beer, satire, father, parody, middle class, sister, dysfunctional family, nuclear power plant, teacher, social satire, neighbor, school, dummy, dog, donuts, grandparent
Subscribe to the ALLMOVIEMEDIA mailing list to receive updates on movies, tv-series and news of top movies.
The Internal Revenue Service has simplified the paperwork and recordkeeping requirements for small businesses by raising from $500 to $2,500 the safe harbor threshold for deducting certain capital items. The change affects businesses that do not maintain an ...
The holiday season often prompts people to give money or property to charity. If you plan to give and want to claim a tax deduction, there are a few tips you should know before you ...
“Update your account now.” “You just won a cruise!” “The IRS has a refund waiting for you.” In the cyber world of phishing, the sentences are “bait” – lures from emails, telephone calls and texts all ...
When you apply for assistance to help pay the premiums for health coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace, the Marketplace will estimate the amount of the premium tax credit that you may be able to ...
December 2015 Tu 15 Corporations: Deposit the fourth installment of your 2015 estimated tax. January 2016 Th 15 Individuals: Pay the final installment of your 2015 estimated tax. Use Form 1040-ES. Th 15 Farmers and fishermen: Pay your estimated tax for ...
All Products Jan 2019 Feb 2018 Mar 2018 Apr 2018 May 2018 Jun 2018 Jul 2018 Aug 2018 Sep 2018 Oct 2018 Nov 2018 Dec 2018 TOP EXHIBITORS SPECIAL ORDERS
Your comments can help make our site better for everyone. If you've found broken links, software bugs or anything incorrect on this page, please let us know. Please note that we are unable to respond directly to suggestions made via this form.
There’s no doubt in my thoughts that the most popular weight loss device in Bellshill Scotland today is Garcinia Cambogia. It has actually been in everyone’s perspective for a year approximately. Last autumn Dr. Oz presented it to be one of the latest revolutionary findings in the field of weight loss.
Since then, garcinia’s road to fame started. After a year the globe went crazy and now you see it anywhere. Everyone in Bellshill Scotland is discussing it. Personalities have confessed to utilizing it to enhance their weight loss initiatives.
The short answer is no. Due to its appeal opportunist, deceitful individuals in Bellshill Scotland try to make a fast buck on the innocent public. There have been a number of suppliers shut down since they were selling fake garcinia items.
I really wish you have not fallen for their methods. There are a couple of ways to discover if the capsules that you are thinking about getting cost the cash or not.
First of all you need to check the country origins. I personally stay away from items made in Asia. The manufacturing and safety and security setting is a joke. I considerably instead pay a little bit more if I understand that the garcinia that I’m buying was made in an FDA-approved research laboratory.
Next you have to check out the components selection. The most convenient method for scams artist to reduce edges is by adding fillers and binders into the mix, and naturally omitting the essential things that assists you burn fat.
Additionally, fillers and binders could have major side effects. What you have to understand is that during the professional trial the doctors made use of Pure Garcinia Cambogia and the volunteers handled to lose weight without any sort of side effects whatsoever. This is why it is very important to simply take pure and high quality products in Bellshill Scotland.
Whether you’re a veteran audience, an individual that simply delicately turns in, or even if you have not ever watched his show, opportunities are you‘ve familiarized by this factor that Dr. Oz suggests garcinia cambogia.
Considering that he first recommended the procedure in autumn of in 2012, the procedure has actually risen from loved one obscurity to turned into one of the best commodities on the diet plan and physical exercise market in Bellshill Scotland.
Lastly take a look at the HCA content. It ought to be at the very least 60 %. If it’s less than that you will certainly be having a hard time to see significant results. In the research they utilized FIFTY % HCA Garcinia Cambogia extract.
The HCA, as in Hydroxycitric Acid, is the component that in fact helps you lose weight. This is the substance which informs your brain to feel fuller and instead of saving the fat deposits, to start burning it.
Also Dr. Oz stressed on his show that you ought to take pure items. If you locate the video you could see it for yourself.
I do not advise you buy it from the street edge. There are way far better means, such as the internet.
I‘ve been trying and testing lots of Garcinia Cambogia items. but the one which offered me the best outcomes was Pure Garcinia Cambogia. It’s the best choice online.
The producer of Pure Garcinia Cambogia prides itself on giving the best product at a cost effective rate. Pure Garcinia Cambogia is a pure product and 100 % natural. It likewise contains 60 % HCA. It is the greatest ranked item amongst them all.
What are you waiting for? Do you want to go down a few dress sizes easily? Pure Garcinia Cambogia is the solution for you.
Garcinia cambogia is the scientific name for a fruit which is referred to as Gambooge. The fruit has either a yellowish-green or much deeper green color to it and is formed like a cross in between a squash and a fruit.
Used in a number of recipes– including curry– the fruit can be located in Africa, India, and the Far East and has actually been revealed to contribute to healthy and balanced red blood cells, among other points. Furthermore, the higher HCA material of the fruit, when effectively drawn out, could also give a dietary improve.
The marketplace today is swamped with items which are laboratory-tested and refined, which is all well and good, but also for some, especially those with a perspective of medicine and physical fitness which is much more all natural and green in nature, this can be off-putting.
Hence, the fact that Dr. Oz recommends garcinia cambogia could be viewed as both an indicator of and a response to the growth in the all-natural movement in nutritional and nourishment circles. As an extract from a fruit, garcinia cambogia is as all-natural as it gets, and can consequently both help you reduce weight and stay with a natural or green diet regimen and way of life.
In addition to all this, garcinia cambogia extract is a reliable fat buster. The supplement, appropriately ready, manages to metabolize cells in such a way concerning aid burn excess fat cells.
On top of that, the supplement talkings to diet programs from a different vantage point, working as a diet supplement. Garcinia cambogia works as a hunger suppressant, implying that you’ll be able to really feel complete while eating less.
Needless to say, this could show to be a great advantage when looking to successfully start a diet regimen.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Play classic multiplayer poker games such as Texas Hold'em, 7 Card Stud, and Omaha Hi/Lo with real players from all around the world BOUNCIN' for Windows 1.8.1
With Get The Pictures it is possible to extract embedded and / or linked pictures out of websites or index lists. Carry on links can be examined for embedded and / or linked pictures for up to three levels. The found links are saved to a list so that they can be downloaded from the internet afterwards. With
Get Tiffany is an online multiplayer game community about four guys trying to win the attention of a super hot chick named Tiffany. Create your player and customize your hairstyle, hair color, skin color and lots of other stuff so everybody knows that youâ€™re you. You can then start the game right away
GetAnonymous is the NEW technology offering a comprehensive online privacy service. With GetAnonymous you can finally have all the features you always wanted in ONE PRODUCT. These include Privacy (Proxy Server, Chain of Proxies, Referrer Blocking, Hiding Page Titles), Protection (Parsing Engine, Multiple IP
GetAnonymous is the NEW technology offering a comprehensive online privacy service. With GetAnonymous you can finally have all the features you always wanted in ONE PRODUCT. These include Privacy (Proxy Server, Chain of Proxies, Referrer Blocking, and Hiding Page Titles), Protection (Parsing Engine, Multiple
GetAnonymous Professional is cutting edge technology offering a complete and inclusive online privacy services. With GetAnonymous Professional you can finally have all the features you always wanted in ONE PRODUCT. These include Privacy (Multi-proxies, Importing proxies, and Hiding Page Titles), Protection
Get Anonymous Professional is cutting edge technology offering a complete and inclusive online privacy services. With GetAnonymous Professional you can finally have all the features you always wanted in ONE PRODUCT. These include Privacy (Multi-proxies, Importing proxies, and Hiding Page Titles), Protection
GetBar lets you to noticeably increase the speed of file download from the Internet using HTTP and FTP protocols. The acceleration is achieved by splitting a file being downloaded into several parts and downloading these parts at the same time. GetBar resumes broken downloads from where they left off from
Pause and resume downloads, get a huge list of files, and get everything in a site with GetBot - the free, no spyware download manager for Windows. Relentless: GetBot is relentless, recovering broken downloads from errors and busy servers. If a dial-up connection is lost, GetBot can redial the modem
No matter what the disaster scenario is - GetDataBack will recover your data if the hard drive's partition table, boot record, FAT or root directory are lost or damaged, data was lost due to a virus attack, the drive was formatted, fdisk has been run, a power failure has caused a system crash, files were lost
Universal Shield 4.0 is a powerful tool, combining data hiding, protection, and encryption: hide your files, folders, and drives, and set Lottery Player&apos;s Assistant 1
1. Clicking ▼&► to (un)fold the tree menu may facilitate locating what you want to find. 2. This is just one of my several websites. Please click the category-tags below this line to go to each independent website.
03/06/2017 If you speak a different language, please consider doing me a favor...click this line to continue the reading.
01/30/2017 Partners wanted: Because I'm too busy with the heavy workloads of the other websites, I sincerely hope a joint partnership can help keep this site alive. If you are interested and have ideas to improve the running of this site in whatever way, please contact me via the contact form on the webpage.
08/13/2016 Because this site of music videos was originally set up mainly as a subordinate part of my whole website project to spice up and lessen the heaviness of serious learning, I decided to stop embedding videos regularly since it has accumulated a considerable amount of videos and the editing jobs of other websites have become unbearably heavy. Considering the need that some people may not be that interested in subscribing to a lot of video channels or spending lots of time searching for refreshing materials, I decided to embed some playlist videos here. Since some playlists are under constant renewals, hopefully this site won't become too dull for regular visitors. (Of course you can always consider subscribing to some video channels yourself or supporting some artists and video makers in whatever way you like to.) Sorry again for not being able to dedicate more time to this site. If you have any suggestions, you can always drop me a line via the contact form on the webpage. Take care!
01/30/2016 It seems the pagination html hasn't been working properly on this site since the total posts exceeded a certain number. If you know how to solve this problem, please kindly let me know.
01/13/2016 Unable to figure out a way to balance various demands in life, I decided to stop embedding videos here for a while. May resume the posting work once a solution appears. Can't guarantee it though.
20151220 Due to heavy workloads, from this week on I’ll embed/publish videos only twice per week here: around 00:00 on Wednesday and Saturday (Taipei time).
20151122 From this date on, the regular posting days will be shifted to every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday (three days per week).
20150412 To video editors from "Music & Images": Please don't mind (try not to pay too much attention to, if you can) if I embed all or most of your videos when one is up there on youtube. It's impossible for me to embed every video from all of you as there are so many video sources and the number keeps growing. Furthermore, try to understand that my websites are "personal" sites; therefore, my selections are based on very "subjective" preference only. I do not represent any objective party to judge anyone's videos. My preference may be quite limited and run against your judgment and preference at times. Please don't feel hurt or bad if I do not post some videos you personally like very much. Enjoy your own creative process and trust your own judgment.
It’s typically as compared to an open-air museum, but don’t fret, mainly because there’s a good amount of things to complete in Side, Even though you’re not into ancient history! From taking part in golf in nearby Belek to wandering around the historical sites, here’s ways to really receive the most outside of your Side holiday.
Marmaris Village Tour is a great excursion built from Marmaris on the nearby villages to discover and experience the beautiful villages, village life countryside, the culture and the nature. Ingesting out at the quality Marmaris restaurants
and dried fruit and nuts like dates, figs and pistachios also. The Spice Bazaar is the next premier included shopping area in Istanbul, after the Grand Bazaar, and is certainly worth checking out way too.
Istanbul is amongst the most dynamic, wonderful and exciting cities while in the world. You could easily devote weeks there and still not see everything. Found on each sides on the Bosporus Straight (which connects the Black Sea to The ocean of Marmara), the city of Istanbul is split across two continents—Europe and Asia. Known by many names over the hundreds of years—Byzantium, Constantinople, and considering the fact that 1930, Istanbul—this intoxicating city offers a multitude of cultural, religious, and historic sights.
The ruins of Ephesus are very well preserved and contained within a big archaeological site, making it one among Turkey’s most popular tourist attractions. Its attractions incorporate The huge Theater, the Temple of Hadrian and also the magnificent Celsus Library, a two-story composition which was constructed to house more than 12,000 scrolls.
All units incorporate a fully equipped kitchen area, allowing company to get ready their very own meals. A balcony with mountain views is obtainable in each device.
The accommodation comes with a Television try this web-site and also a private bathroom with shower and free toiletries, while the kitchen area includes a fridge and also a stovetop. Some models have a seating area and/or possibly a balcony.
I visited Turkey very last year And that i must say i was impressed tremendously! When you want a certain amount of everything on a trip then dont skip this place.
The southern Coastline of Turkey, bathed in sunshine for 300 or so days in the year, is often a paradise for sunbathing and swimming. Antalya, the tourism capital can also be in this region.
Kurşunlu Waterfall is a superb organic beauty place near Antalya. On the best way back again to Side, we will quit at this beautiful site for half an hour. This magnificent waterfall will fulfill you with its emerald green waters and lush landscape.
Beverages are provided and there is really a restaurant near the pool that everyone who books get 1 free meal at. The pool is wonderful and there was an underground tunnel to The ocean with lots of lounge beds over the beach and out over a jetty.
Cappadocia is a shocking region of rock formations, subterranean church buildings and underground towns, the scale of which is just too much to handle. There are hundreds of underground buildings during the region. Two in the most unmissable are Kaymakli, which has 8 concentrations, and Derinkuyu, which descends some 55 metres.
You post will come 10 days too late!! What a disgrace. A pal of mine went to Istanbul and I looked around for posts that she could read through, and yours would have been perfect. Fantastic means of summing up how amazing Istanbul is
There is far more to Turkey when compared to the packed holiday resorts. Check out the sites away from the crowds to find ancient architecture and a few incredible landscapes. From snow-like normal wonders to hippy beach retreats Here's my choice for 10 with the most gorgeous places to visit in Turkey…
1053ivylane.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] 1053ivylane.com.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed.
Our initial investment is typically between $250,000 and $1M in Post-Seed (traction) and Series A rounds. We invest up to $2M in follow on investments. For Seed investments, we typically act as lead investors and likely to be the first institutional check the startup is getting. For the traction round, we either take the lead or co-invest along with other VC partners.
If you meet the above criteria, we would love to partner with you and work along with you to help you grow to the next level.
Adcuratio helps media agencies build and execute advertiser-specific, personalized messaging campaigns on national TV … at the household level.
SoftWear Automation is disrupting the $100 billion sewn products industry by creating autonomous sewn goods. SoftWear’s fully automated Sewbots uses machine vision and allow manufacturers to SEWLOCAL™, moving their supply chains closer to the customer while creating higher quality products at a lower cost.
LeapCredit, a fintech company, gives customers a fully automated and safe way to quickly apply, get approved for and obtain their loan in their bank account... all within two to three days.
Oomf is a cloud-based software platform that enables the sharing economy - one thing at a time. Through partnering with various products and services, Oomf’s platform works to sync current and future shareable devices through its proprietary app.
The GoProcure App is a smart B2B SaaS-based procurement platform that makes it easy for anyone in any enterprise to buy any product or service on any mobile device or desktop.
The world’s first online hotel booking platform that lets people take advantage of amazing deals only available by splitting reservations. AI / Machine learning algorithms are used to split reservations .
Monetizr (Techstars'17) is a blockchain-based Game Reward Engine. We reward gamers for their time and skill with tokens that can be used to purchase game-related physical goods or can be exchanged to cryptocurrencies.
Sudu is a marketplace that uses technology to connect small and medium sized businesses (owning six or less trucks) to corporations that ship freight. The company has developed a machine learning algorithm that allows connecting the most qualified trucker to each load and uses truck route optimization. Communication with the trucker or their dispatcher is done via chatbot which can have an intelligent conversation via text, email and over the phone with a human voice.
Raw Shorts provides a platform that is easy and intuitive that allows businesses to create beautiful videos from professionally designed templates using a simple drag and drop interface. The platform allows the business user to create high quality product, explainer, demo, and marketing videos without the need for a creative agency.
ZVerse is a platform to develop user-friendly applications that automate the production of 3D printable content for businesses through software (LAYR) with the ability to offer professional 3D modeling and high-quality 3D print design services. The company is solving the massive content creation challenge of direct digital manufacturing with the only 3D design on-demand platform.
GraphPath helps enterprises evolve from Big Data to Big Knowledge through the creation and management of large-scale enterprise knowledge graphs. The company recently announced GraphOS, which is described as the world’s first decentralized operating system for Knowledge Graphs on Blockchain that will be enabled by the GraphOS Protocol which will allow for a network of Knowledge Graphs to be safely and securely interconnected via Blockchain technology.
Lottery.com is a domain leader in bringing officially sanctioned games of chance to users via a mobile platform. Utilizing the experience and technology of the company’s mobile lottery platform, the company is revolutionizing legacy raffles into a blockchain based platform capable of raising billions for charities and humanitarian needs. The company’s vision is to raise billions of dollars to help solve the most pressing humanitarian needs across the globe using global charitable raffles.
Tari is a new blockchain platform that is open source, digital-assets focused that is being architected as a merge-mined sidechain with Monero. The company’s focus is on digital assets such as event tickets, and will also create a marketplace for loyalty points, ingame items, and crypto-native assets because of a huge opportunity to revolutionize the way these assets are owned, managed and transferred.
We are excited to partner with 11-11 because of their shared passion for the emerging market of tokenized, real-world assets on the blockchain. Vertalo is looking forward to making the vision of digital, tradeable assets a reality alongside 11-11 Ventures.
This class and 5 others are now available in a playtested, balanced, edited, layouted and illustrated version in my 13th Age expansion book Dark Pacts & Ancient Secrets.
At its height, the Dragon Empire was able to drive back the nomads and savage tribes at its borders, but its defenses have weakened. The Orc Lord raids the northern reaches every summer, the High Druid keeps attacking settlements near her forests, and the Three have established a permanent stronghold of the savage races in Drakkenhall. These tribes are your people. You were born with them, you fight with them, and one day they will scatter your ashes in the wind. Your people are free. The city dwellers are nothing but caged animals, toothless and weak. Your blood still boils. When the swords start clashing, feel the rush of battle in your veins. With every strike you sink into the heart of your enemy, you grow stronger, more ferocious, more deadly.
Play Style: Your place in battle is the front line. You get into your enemy’s face and then proceed to smash it.
If you like to charge in and bash skulls, this is your class. You don’t just dish out damage in large heaps, you’ll also be able to take quite a bit. However, don’t underestimate how quickly your enemies can cut you down if they gang up on you.
With your Frenzy Dice class feature, your damage increases with every hit. During battle, there are two things to keep track of: the number of dice in your frenzy pool and which frenzy powers you have already used this battle.
You can also make yourself useful in social situations. While you won’t impress anyone with table manners or polite conversation, your free spirit can cut through the complications and get to the core of matters quickly. If diplomacy fails, the threat of ripping someone’s arm out is quite credible if it comes from you.
Ability Scores: You gain a +2 bonus to Strength or Constitution, as long as it is not the same as your racial bonus. Those two abilities are your mainstays. A good Wisdom or Dexterity is important for your armor class.
Races: Members of any race can pick up a big stick and bash their opponents to a bloody pulp. Half-Orc is a top pick. Dwarf, dragonspawn, dark elf, wood elf, or dwarf-forged are also great choices.
Backgrounds: The disgraced daughter of the tribal shaman channels the power of the spirits in a vengeful fury. The bloodthirsty mercenary wants to make a fortune before he returns to the north to his loving wife. The freed gladiator has sworn to travel every known land. The hell-hole scavenger feels an inner anger that is not all natural. The fallen paladin is on a quest to atone, but instead of peace, he has found new strength in channeling his inner anger. The gruff bounty hunter was once a celebrated painter, before the dragons came and it all went to hell.
Icons: For humans, elves, and dwarves, the savage life means they have left their civilized home behind, and the relationship to their emperor, king, or queen will be distant at best. Hailing from outside the civilized areas of the Empire, your main allegiances are the outsider icons; in particular, the High Druid for humans and elves, the Orc Lord for half-orcs, and The Three for dragonspawn. Your close relationship to nature makes the Diabolist or the Lich King, the despoilers of life and nature, natural enemies.
Most Savages hail from tribal societies, and carry with them what they need to survive in the wild. The clothes they wear are simple and sturdy, often made from the tanned furs and hides of animals they hunted. Many decorate their skin with paints, tattoos or ritual scars to appear more fearsome to their enemies. Mercenary types will wear the civilized military clothing of their region, with light armor such as a chain shirt or breast plate, and the usual travelling gear.
You can choose to start with either 25 gp, or 1d6 x 10 gp. If you don't hail from civilization, this is most likely furs, gems, or small pieces of art like carved animal teeth that your people use for trading.
Savages usually wear light armor in battle, as they find heavy armor too restrictive for their fierce, untamed fighting style.
Savages favor melee weapons. The most common style is a single heavy weapon, but there is a variety of styles that depend on your choice of talents.
Note: Although not listed on the table, Savages get three talents. They do not gain more at higher levels.
Multiclass Savages start with 2 powers known at level 1. See the Multiclass information at the bottom for more details.
With each hit you score in a battle, you build up a pool of frenzy dice. You add these dice to damage, but you can also expend them to fuel your powers or heal yourself.
You start each battle with zero frenzy dice. Whenever you hit with a melee attack or a thrown weapon ranged attack, you gain frenzy dice at the end of that turn. Only the first hit counts, multiple hits in one turn still only grant you frenzy dice once.
At rst level, you gain a single d4. The die increases by one step each level, as per the level progression table. At 5th level, you gain two dice, and at 8th level, four.
The frenzy dice you gain are added to your frenzy pool. You can keep adding frenzy dice until you reach the maximum, which is three times the dice you gain per hit. When an attack or power uses your current frenzy dice, the pool is referred to as FRENZY (similar to WEAPON for your weapon damage dice). Most importantly, you add FRENZY to damage when you hit with a basic melee attack. Using FRENZY does not expend the dice; they remain in your pool.
However, there are two uses that expend your frenzy dice. One is to pay the cost of your frenzy powers, the other is your Frenzied Healing class feature below.
Your frenzy powers are stronger melee attacks and furious battlecries. They can be used once per battle. You start with three at first level, and you can switch them out when you gain a level. Many of your powers come with a cost entry. After you use the power, remove frenzy dice equal to the cost from your frenzy pool. That way, dice expended to pay for the cost are still counted for its FRENZY effect.
At the end of your turn, you can expend frenzy dice to heal yourself. Roll the dice you discard to determine how many hit points you heal. If you have to discard frenzy dice because you have reached your maximum frenzy, or the battle has ended, you can use them to heal with this ability.
Champion Feat: When an attack reduces you below zero hit points, you can use Frenzied Healing as an interrupt action to heal back up from zero hit points. You have to expend your entire frenzy pool if you do so.
Whenever you roll a natural even failure on a skill check related to animals, you can reroll the check once. This includes combat control checks. See the mounted combat rules in 13th Age Monthly #20 for details. When you succeed at a mounted combat control check, don’t increase the DC of the next check by 5.
When you score a critical hit with a melee attack or thrown weapon ranged attack during your turn, gain double frenzy dice at the end of your turn.
Champion feat: When your frenzy dice pool is at maximum, gain a +2 bonus to your critical threat range with melee attacks.
Adventurer feat: You can use your melee attack frenzy powers as thrown weapon ranged attacks instead.
Champion feat: Once per battle, when an enemy successfully disengages from you, make a thrown weapon attack against that enemy as an interrupt action.
When you use the Frenzied Healing class feature while staggered, gain extra hit points equal to your Constitution modifier. Double this bonus at 5th level, triple it at 8th.
Epic Feat: You can heal above your maximum hit points with Frenzied Healing. Any excess hit points vanish at the end of the battle.
Warriors of your tribe use leather and hides for protection in battle, but you earned a set of heavy armor in your spoils of war and you’ve been wearing it proudly ever since.
For a hulking brute like you, a normal sword is a better toothpick. You’d rather wield a sword that’s taller than most of your enemies, or an axe with a blade that’s twice the size of their heads.
Adventurer feat: When wielding a two-handed melee weapon, gain a +1 bonus to hit against large and huge monsters.
Champion feat: When wielding a two-handed melee weapon, gain a +2 bonus to your critical threat range against large and huge monsters.
Epic feat: When wielding a two-handed melee weapon, deal triple damage on a critical hit against large and huge monsters.
Whenever you take an attack penalty from a condition, halve that penalty. For example, if you are dazed, reduce the attack penalty from -4 to -2.
Champion feat: Once per battle, when you are unable to take actions during your turn (such as when stunned or unconscious), you can take a standard action.
Epic feat: While staggered, you can choose to ignore the effects of any other condition. Note that when your hp drop to zero, you are no longer staggered, so the effect ends and you fall unconscious.
The spirits of your ancestral lands, and heroes of past ages, whose deeds are passed on in legends, watch over you. In the rush of battle, you can feel them guide your blade.
You gain a bonus frenzy power. You can choose a power that is two levels higher than your current level. Note that there are no powers higher than 9th level.
When members of your tribe reach maturity, they perform a vision quest to discover their totem animal. You have successfully completed this quest, and were accepted as an adult. You can call upon the strength of your totem spirit in battle.
You gain a beast aspect from the druid’s Shifter talent as a daily power. As a quick action, you can gain the initiate effect of the aspect until the end of the battle. You can take the feats of that aspect. Ignore other rules of the Shifter talent.
When waves of enemies crash against you, you are the rock that splits the tide, with a weapon in each hand for double the slashing.
Champion feat: When wielding two melee weapons, gain a +2 bonus to your critical threat range against mooks.
If your enemies think that just because you are a hulking mass of muscle, your mind is weak and can be easily swayed, they are in for a nasty surprise.
You gain a +2 bonus to MD. If you are hit by an attack against MD with an effect other than damage, immediately make a saving throw against that effect. If the save succeeds, ignore the effect.
Adventurer feat: Once per battle, if an attack against MD misses you, gain a frenzy die (2 at 5th level; 4 at 8th).
Hit: Psychic damage equal to your Constitution modifier + FRENZY. Gain frenzy dice as if you had hit with a melee attack at the end of your turn.
Champion feat: You can spend a frenzy die to give all nearby allies a +2 bonus to their next melee attack.
Effect: Pop free from all enemies and jump to a nearby location. For a long or risky jump, the GM can require a Strength-based skill check.
Always: Engage a nearby enemy as part of the attack. You take a -4 penalty to AC until the start of your next turn.
Adventurer feat: Until the start of your next turn, you gain a +4 bonus to opportunity attacks against the target.
Natural even hit: The target is hampered (can only make basic attacks) until the start of your next turn.
Hit: WEAPON + Strength damage. Spend a recovery to heal and add FRENZY to the amount of hp you heal.
Champion feat: You can spend up to three frenzy dice on this power to use one recovery per die spent.
Champion feat: If this attack kills the target, immediately make another melee attack against a nearby enemy.
Effect: You take half damage from the attack. If the attack had a type of damage associated to it, such as fire, you gain resist that type 16+ until the end of the battle.
Natural even hit: Spend 1 frenzy die and make another melee attack. Keep attacking until you roll odd or run out of frenzy dice. You can pop free and engage other nearby enemies between attacks.
Effect: You shout out a challenge to an icon, and gain a negative relationship die with that icon until your next full heal-up.
Effect: Increase your critical threat range by 2 until you roll a critical hit, or until the end of battle.
Epic feat: You can use this power as a free action, at no frenzy die cost, after killing a non-mook enemy.
Champion Feat: You can use this power against a nearby enemy you are not engaged with. Make a basic ranged attack with a thrown weapon instead.
You only gain frenzy dice for hits with savage basic melee attacks and savage power melee attacks. You would not, for example, gain frenzy dice for a hit with the Paladin's Smite Evil.
Use the barbarian entry for key ability modifiers. A Savage / Barbarian has Str / Con as key abilities.
Savages count as "skillful warriors" and do not suffer from a weapon damage penalty (if the other class is also from that list)
You are one level behind on frenzy powers. At 1st level, you know 2 savage powers, and your frenzy die on hit is 1d3. Your maximum frenzy is 3d3.
Not surprisingly, it immediately generated controversy, even becoming the subject of a Nationwide [...] debate following a television screening of the film. Some commentators and parents worried that children would be traumatised, others that it might actually encourage copycat vandalism. Many defended the film as an appropriately tough response to a serious problem. Nonetheless, in 1979 the film was withdrawn and replaced by the much softer Robbie. At this stage, we can only speculate as to which film better achieved the aim they both shared, of preventing injury and loss of life, but The Finishing Line remains among the most audacious public safety films ever made.
The following text will not be seen after you upload your website, please keep it in order to retain your counter functionality
Alnilammusic.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] alnilammusic.com.
Are you looking for Boom Wall D cor Size: Medium ?, Yes you come on the right place you can buy from this trusted retailler online with a worthy price.
Youth.Inspired by the captivating rays of a firework, This wall d cor is a chic nod to 70's decor. The metal tines change from grey to brass, highlighting the depth of these striking pieces. Features: -Each size is sold separately. Dimensions: -Small: 10&quo... [See more info]
This is 4.4 out of 5 based on 6. Recently visitors they seem to like the Boom Wall D cor Size: Medium, If you are looking for where to buy this item from the online stores with worthy price high quality, we would like to say you come on the right place just Click Here, and you will be taken to the best store we suggested.
Go to: January February March April May June July August September October November December 2018 2019 2020
Single, twin, triple and double square high performance downlights mounted in a trimless configuration which allows them to be installed without a surface trim ring.
A perforated metal plate is fixed to the ceiling with a downstanding metal lip to allow for a 3mm skim of laster tight to the aperture.
The lamp is set high in a deep glare reducing baffle. The fittings are directionally adjustable through 360 horizontally and 50 vertically.
The fitting is supplied with the control gear for ease of installation. Firehood options are available.
Stackable for easy storage Easy to keep clean Extremely durable European modern design Perfect for any indoor or outdoor areas Constructed of Unbreakable polycarbonate Dejavu collection Seat Cushion: No 1 Year limited warranty for commercial 2 Years limited warranty for residential
I LOVE THIS dining chairs. I read reviews saying it good and perfect. so I love it. Perfect color, perfect value, etc. Everyone know this dining chairs is a very popular product. Many peoples are waiting to buy with special discount price and many peoples prepare to order the dining chairs on special event times But Many peoples don't know this dining chairs may be out of stock soon Today you should to check amount product in stock to order before it was out of stock.
Absolutely perfect dining chairs. I was very skeptical to buying after seeing some of the reviews. But product was exactly as described! I typically spend a lot more on my dining chairs. I love my new ! It's the perfect. I get compliments on it all the time. Great dining chairs. Bought one as a gift too! I recommend this dining chairs for anyone.
So when first coming out shopping can be a pretty scary thing! Here's some tips to help calm your fears.
It is popular product and low price. If you would like to buy . I was delighted to you found good deals to buy . - Compamia Dejavu Stacking Dining Arm Chair (Set of 4)
Easy to use, comfortable strap and live the colors. The quality of this was above my expectations for the price I paid! I bought this as a New Year gift for my daughter. It is just as described online. dining chairs looks nice although i feel it's over priced. Should come with nicer packaging for the price.
This dining chairs is perfect. I ordered it after I purchased the black one in the store. I absolutely love it and get. Implements on it all the time! It looks expensive. Best of all, it is priced far below comparable dining chairs. I was so excited to get these after reading the reviews, it is so hard to find great online and I don't have time to go shopping. I tried them on right away and thought the fit was amazing.
This is a beautiful dining chairs and very high-quality. I have now bought this for my special one and it's one of their favorites that they wear all the time! You won't be disappointed!! It is very pretty, and appears to be a high quality piece. Beautiful! Great ! I was surprised that it was so nicely packaged, and was such a good quality overall for the price. It looks like it cost a bit more.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3838: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3257)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3840: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3257)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3841: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3257)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3842: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3257)
After experiencing fertility issues that we feel were a result of using contraceptives, my husband and I both received a…
Most Viewed Pictures Most Popular Pictures Most Viewed Albums Most Viewed Animated GIFs Most Viewed Videos Most Popular Videos
• Over 7 hours of video training sessions that walk you through a step-by-step system for launching your site to the top of the search engines and gaining free, targeted traffic.
• 106-page Action Plan that shows you exactly what to do first, second and so on along with Worksheets that walk you through achieving Page 1 rankings one step at a time.
• 300-page Training Manual including full transcripts of the Video CD-Rom's for reading or quick reference of the full System.
Dear visitor, you went to the site as an unregistered user. We encourage you to register or enter the site under your name.
InlineSEO Training System Videos download links are externally hosted on Extabit, Rapidshare, Rapidgator, Netload, Uploaded and InlineSEO Training System Videos also available directly on Torrent Sources.
This site does not store any files on its server.We only index and link to content provided by other sites.If you have any doubts about legality of content or you have another suspicions, feel free to Contact US.
Small white price tags with cotton tie. Perfect for pricing jewllery because the size of the tags don't overwhelm the piece you are pricing.
My name is Traci. I am a mother of four who loves to create - crafts or messes! I love swedish fish, the color red, and doodling on any free sheet of paper. If you ever want to leave a comment, go ahead. Have a question? Then email me at traciu73atyahoodotcom.
According to an August 8, 2018 story in Bloomberg Businessweek, Amazon has about a 5 percent share of U.S. retail spending (excluding cars and car parts and visits to restaurants and bars), and a 43.5 share of American online spending in 2018. The forecast is for Amazon to own 49 percent of the total American online spending in 2018, with two-thirds of Amazon's revenue coming from the U.S.[51]
Amazon is known today not just as the everything store, but as the creator of Alexa, one of the most pervasive digital voice assistants on the market today. As an extension of Alexa, Amazon has become more than just a seller of other people’s products. It’s now a hardware maker (Fire Phone aside), having embarked on its boldest product play since the original Kindle when it decided to develop its own line of smart speakers to house its artificial intelligence software. Once again, the division responsible for this piece of hardware was Lab126, Amazon’s hardware arm that gave it the tools to dominate the e-reader market nearly a decade prior.
Customers will find products like the card game Codenames (4.8 stars, with more than 2,000 customer reviews), which 88% of reviewers rated 5 stars, and a Lodge 3.5 Inch Cast Iron Mini Skillet (4.4 stars, with more than 10,900 customer reviews), which 76% of reviewers rated 5 stars. Of course, Amazon 4-star shoppers can also find Amazon devices like the Echo Spot (4.5 stars, with more than 5,600 customer reviews), and the Fire TV Stick (4.4 stars, with more than 197,000 customer reviews). Customers can test-drive dozens of Amazon devices and smart home accessories that work with Alexa, and shop a curated selection of speakers, fitness tech, and other highly rated consumer electronics.
Yet the more monumental retail push occurred last summer, when Amazon purchased grocery chain Whole Foods for $13.7 billion and proved, yet again, that Bezos is willing and able to buy his way into a new market when it’s unfavorable to start from scratch. Amazon now uses Whole Foods’ grocery pick-up and delivery perks and in-store discounts as a way to reward its Prime subscribers. It’s also using its massive resources to lower Whole Foods prices, making it more competitive with Kroger, Target, and Walmart. In response, Walmart has begun investing heavily in e-commerce and grocery delivery to protect its turf from Amazon, setting the stage for an unprecedented retail war.
We’ve got fashion dresses that are flirty, casual, and chic. Whether you are looking for just the right dress to wear to work, school, prom, homecoming, a party, a special event, or a date, we feel confident that you will love our women’s dresses. We carry a full range of women’s dress lengths, styles, colors, and cuts so that every woman can choose what makes her feel beautiful. We also have a full range of sweaters, blazers, scarf wraps, and jackets that will help you cover up your dress for fall and winter wear.
Depending on which options you choose, using an online marketplace like Amazon can make the fulfillment process easier for new and small businesses. Not only can Amazon interact with customers on your behalf, saving you time while protecting your personal and private information, but it can also handle the entire shipping process, including returns. As a result, owners can concentrate on building their businesses.
Many items on Amazon come from third-party sellers on the Marketplace, indicated by a "Sold by" line near the "Add to Cart" button. If both Amazon and third-party sellers offer the item, the large "Add to Cart" button buys from Amazon, and you'll see a few alternative "Add to Cart" buttons with different prices and a link to a full list of used and new versions of the product. Marketplace sellers set their own prices, so you might find a great discount on a used item, or come across a rare, discontinued product that's only for sale at a collector's price. Even when buying from another seller, Amazon itself handles your payment, so you don't need to worry about your credit card information leaking out.
Currently, individuals can sell goods in some 20 categories, while professional sellers have been approved to sell items in more than 15 additional categories. Individual-approved categories include books, consumer electronics, tools and home improvement, and toys and games. On the other hand, professionals must meet various requirements to sell beauty products, clothing, fine art and wine.
Bezos and those he’s hired over the years have been prescient about a vast number of shifts in how people spend money, buy products, and use the internet. But none of their predictions may have panned out quite as lucratively as Amazon Web Services, the company’s cloud computing division that loans server space and other computing resources at massive profit margins.
Goodreads is a "social cataloging" website founded in December 2006 and launched in January 2007 by Otis Chandler, a software engineer, and entrepreneur, and Elizabeth Chandler. The website allows individuals to freely search Goodreads' extensive user-populated database of books, annotations, and reviews. Users can sign up and register books to generate library catalogs and reading lists. They can also create their own groups of book suggestions and discussions. In December 2007, the site had over 650,000 members and over 10 million books had been added. Amazon bought the company in March 2013.[100]
In addition to strict acceptance to be sold by As Seen On TV Incorporated, Telebrands and other distributers, the most successful products have almost always served to provide a solution to a common problem - and this has inspired inventors worldwide to share their creations and push the industry. The industry leaders have always been smart when it comes to marketing, and have recently started making more of a transition towards ecommerce – using micro websites to push their products, and making good use of affiliate programs. Infomercials now support awareness in addition to creating it.
Man's place in the universe : a study of the results of scientific research in relation to the unity or plurality of worlds by Wallace
More worlds than one : the creed of the philosopher and the hope of the Christian by Making Of America Project
The Evanston colloquium: lectures on mathematics delivered from Aug. 28 to Sept. 9, 1893 before members of the Congress of Mathematics held in connection with the Worlds's Fair in Chicago at Northwestern University, Evanston Ill by Klein
The Wonders Of God's Creation, Manifested In The Variety Of Eight Worlds, As They Were Made Known Experimentally To The Author by Jane Lead
Bring your school, college or university group to the BLOODHOUND Technical Centre and see them inspired by our project to build the world’s first 1,000mph car, and our hands-on activities.
We offer a wide range of workshops for children and students of all ages, with National Curriculum links, so bring them to visit BLOODHOUND for an experience they will never forget!
The BLOODHOUND Engineering Adventure provides a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to inspire the next generation of scientists and engineers.
In the UK, and many of the developed countries worldwide, there is a shortage of scientists, engineers and mathematicians and so we urgently need young people to be motivated to enjoy and study science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM) subjects at school and then at university.
The BLOODHOUND Project is a unique catalyst through which young people can be inspired AND acquire the skills and develop innovative talents that will enable them to overcome the challenges we face on a global scale.
Our Technical Centre is within easy reach of good transport links, including the M5 and direct trains to Bristol Temple Meads.
We offer a variety of options, suitable for students from Key Stage 1 to degree level. We are also happy to welcome children’s clubs, foreign language groups and home educating families. Our events are appropriate for all ability groups, including those with special and/or additional needs
We can cater for full and half day visits (Monday to Friday), with prices based on the package chosen. Merchandise and prizes can be available on request
Plans are developing nicely for our forthcoming ‘BLOODHOUND 500’ test session later this year. BLOODHOUND’s Chief Exec, Richard Noble, has just returned from a hugely busy week of meetings in South Africa. Richard met with the South African Govt, the British High Commission team, a whole list of companies (who all want to help) and a range of national media. No surprise that everyone is getting excited about BLOODHOUND going to South Africa this Autumn.
While we’re busy planning the event schedule for our test runs (lots of you keep asking for more details, I promise we’ll update everyone soon!), there’s plenty of research still going on to understand how the Car will behave. One of the key things we are looking at is noise. How much noise will the Car generate? How will this noise affect the structure of the Car, the driver (me!) and the watching crowds?
The noise will come from 2 main sources. The jet engine and the rocket motor will create a lot (and I mean A LOT) of noise at the back end of the Car, with a bit of jet intake jet noise over the cockpit as well.
At supersonic speeds, I don’t have to worry about the jet intake noise any more, as I’ll be travelling faster than the sound the jet engine is making. However, at that point, the supersonic shockwaves start to generate some fairly large ‘acoustic energy effects’. In other words, they will probably create even more noise than the jet intake, so it’s going to be noisy whatever speed we’re doing.
You may be surprised to hear that I’m not that worried about the noise levels in the cockpit. During our ‘slow speed’ (200 mph) tests at Cornwall Airport Newquay last year, we found that the cockpit was not as noisy as we had first thought. If we find it’s getting too noisy when we go faster (like supersonic fast), then we can fit a lot more sound proofing. We’ve already got a big box of something called ‘Basotech’ (the same sound-absorbing foam that Ariane rockets use), ready to fit in the cockpit if required.
We’re not too worried about the effects on the crowd either, as there are some easy solutions. First, we’ll be monitoring the noise levels at the edge of the track, when the Car runs. If it gets too noisy, then we’ll simply move the crowd line back further (don’t worry if you’re coming to see us, it won’t be too far and you’ll still get a fabulous view!). In fact, the main problem may come when we get round to timing our final runs, to set a new World Land Speed Record. At this point we need FIA timekeepers, who traditionally use a few hundred metres of cable to record their timing light signals. We’ve already warned them that they are probably going to need wireless timing equipment, as they are likely to be a kilometre of more back from the track.
The real thing we’re concerned about is the noise effects on the Car. Back in 1997, when we set the current World Land Speed Record, we saw quite a lot of acoustic damage to the Car. This included cracking of the titanium panels at the rear of the Car, due to shattering noise of the jet engine exhaust. The supersonic shockwaves also did their fair share of damage. We had to replace one of the body panels under the Car, which was cracked by shockwave vibrations.
Things like rocket motors can produce so much energy that they risk destroying the vehicle (usually a space craft) that they are attached to. For example, the Space Shuttle had to use massive water sprays to damp down the acoustic energy at launch. And I do mean ‘massive’ – they sprayed over one million litres of water onto the launch pad in just over half a minute, to prevent acoustic damage to the payload and crew. That’s a lot of water and a lot of noise.
BLOODHOUND is not going to be using anything the size of the Shuttle main engines, which is just as well, as there’s nowhere on the Car to keep a million litres of water. We can’t just ignore the problem though. Between them, the Rolls-Royce jet engine and the Nammo hybrid rocket will make BLOODHOUND SSC the loudest (as well as the fastest) Car in history. We need to make sure that all this noise is not going to damage the back end of the Car.
This is where our new best friend Nick Eaton of ‘Space Acoustics’ comes in. Nick is developing an ‘advanced numerical solution to noise from turbulent mixing’ for BLOODHOUND. In short, that means he’s modelling the noise. His first model is for a speed of Mach 0.8, in other words 80% of the speed of sound, or around 600 mph. That’s comfortably above our ‘BLOODHOUND 500’ target for this year of 500+ mph, to give us some worst-case noise figures to look at for this year’s testing.
This year’s test runs will be with our EJ200 jet engine only, as the rocket development will not be completed until next year. For the test programme, that makes things simpler, as we can focus on 2 cases, jet engine at full power (measuring the total noise exposure of the Car) and jet engine off (measuring the noise from the airflow only, as the Car slows down). That will give us accurate figures for the airflow noise and, by measuring the difference with power on, for the jet engine noise. Nick can then use these figures to improve the accuracy of his model (if required), before we fit the rocket and start doing supersonic runs.
Before I talk about the expected noise levels, I have to touch on the difficult subject of noise measurement. Nick’s figures are looking at the something called the Sound Pressure Level, which is a measure of the pressure caused by the sound waves. This is ideal for BLOODHOUND’s requirements, as we want to understand how the sound might affect the structure of the Car, so it’s the pressure that we’re interested in. Slightly confusingly, the sound pressure is different to the power or energy of the sound wave, for reasons I won’t attempt to explain – just take my word for it.
The Sound Pressure Level (SPL) is measured relative to a reference pressure, which is the quietest sound that you can hear. To make things a bit more complicated, it’s measured on a logarithmic scale, in units called decibels, or dB. The quietest sound your ear can detect is reference pressure at 0 dB(SPL). On this scale, 20 dB(SPL) is 10 times the sound intensity of 0 dB, and 40 dB(SPL) is 100 times the intensity. Confused? Yes, me too. Let’s stick to some simple examples.
If 0 dB(SPL) is the quietest sound you can hear, then the ‘pain threshold’ of sound, where the noise start to cause you injury, is around 120-130 dB(SPL). The variation is because the pain threshold is slightly subjective: a really loud (130 dB(SPL)) rock concert may well be ‘great music’ to a 20-year old and ‘painful noise’ to someone over 40...
With 130 dB(SPL) as a ‘painfully loud’ reference (at least for me – I’m over 40), the sound levels around BLOODHOUND may make a bit more sense. The predicted noise level (SPL) at the cockpit is 135 dB, so it may not be comfortable, but it’s nothing to be scared of. I’ll be wearing a full-face helmet and ‘Ultimate Ear’ moulded ear plugs (like you see the F1 drivers using), so I’m well protected against this level of noise.
Of more interest is the prediction for noise at the back on the Car, where the SPL figure is 150 dB. This is really quite loud. Unhelpfully, most of the examples of this kind of noise level are things like ‘military jet engine’ or ‘heavy artillery gunfire’. Unless you work with military jets or heavy artillery, this doesn’t mean much. More exciting is the sort of effects that it has on the human body, which are variously quoted as ‘chest cavity vibrates’, ‘giddiness’ and ‘choking’.
This noise level will damage more than just your hearing. OK, we’ll make sure that we all keep well back. Question is, what’s it going to do to the Car itself? Now that we have this data, our engineering team can start to look at exactly this question. Better still, we can measure the effects on the Car when we start testing it later this year. If you want to see how we get on, come along and join us for our first high-speed test session this autumn in South Africa, we’d love to see you there. Don’t forget to bring your ear plugs.
FXCodeBase. The Ultimate source of the indicators and signals for the FXCM Trading Station and Marketscope applications
Forex Capital Markets, LLC. ("FXCM LLC") is an independent legal entity and is not affiliated with Gehtsoft USA LLC.
http://fxcodebase.com is not owned, controlled, or operated by FXCM LLC. FXCM does not endorse any product or service of Gehtsoft USA LLC. Nothing associated with this promotion shall be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell any product or service to any person in any jurisdiction where such offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the laws or regulations of such jurisdiction.
Tinny Entertainment act, YCee keeps on with the rave by dropping off the official music video of ‘I Wish’.
Colorful, comfortable clothing for women and children! Great lines include Fresh Produce Sportswear, Click, CMC, Tianello, Cutloose, Pure and Santiki. Large assortment of Vera Bradley and Wallaroo hats.
Ever the drama queen, GOP super-strategist Grover Norquist is vewy vewy upset about this breathtaking photo of the sunset on Mars:
George Bush’s vendetta war in Iraq is costing us $3 trillion, or 1,200 times the cost of “that picture of Mars” (the Curiosity mission cost only $2.5bn). So, actually, had the Republicans not invaded Iraq on a lie we could have afforded both Mars and Rembrandt.
This is something that bothered me way back in 2001. I remember when George Bush was proposing the huge $1.6 trillion tax cut, and when Democrats, led by Tom Daschle, immediately caved and countered with a $1.3 trillion tax cut (that’ll show ’em). At the time I thought, yeah we have a surplus thanks to Bill Clinton, but shouldn’t we save this for a rainy day rather than run out and spend it like a drunken Reagan? Yet that’s what the Republicans did, and it’s what they always do.
The Republicans never met a surplus they didn’t spend. They wasted America’s rainy day fund on tax cuts for the rich and wars of convenience, and now we’re all paying for it.
Of course, it gets even funnier. Had Norquist taken a few more science and math classes he might have had the smarts to Google the photo before sending it out to the world as a new photo from Mars. It’s not a new photo at all. It’s a photo from 2005, and has nothing to do with Curiosity’s current mission to Mars.
And Grover, there’s one more difference between the Mission to Mars and the $3 trillion Republican war of convenience in Iraq.
PS Oh, and Grover, the pic you’re complaining about was from the Bush administration. But funny you didn’t complain about the cost of the Mars mission, or Bush’s various wars, then.
Follow me on Twitter: @aravosis | @americablog | @americabloggay | Facebook | Instagram | Google+ | LinkedIn. John Aravosis is the Executive Editor of AMERICAblog, which he founded in 2004. He has a joint law degree (JD) and masters in Foreign Service from Georgetown; and has worked in the US Senate, World Bank, Children's Defense Fund, the United Nations Development Programme, and as a stringer for the Economist. He is a frequent TV pundit, having appeared on the O'Reilly Factor, Hardball, World News Tonight, Nightline, AM Joy & Reliable Sources, among others. John lives in Washington, DC. John's article archive.
Join the “UnPresidented” podcast team with a $5/month subscription, and help us make Donald Trump an ex-President, while getting access to interviews with great guests like Malcolm Nance, Rick Wilson, Ted Lieu, Jake Tapper, Asha Rangappa, Shannon Moore, Dan Savage, David Frum, Jared Yates Sexton and more.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004
Archives Select Month July 2018 (2) May 2018 (4) June 2017 (2) March 2017 (1) June 2016 (2) June 2015 (8) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (1) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) August 2013 (2) June 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (1) March 2012 (1) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (3) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (1) March 2011 (3) August 2010 (1) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (1) March 2010 (3) September 2005 (1) June 201 (1)
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read the Privacy Policy
Well here we are again in the age old struggle of God and Science. Actually, scratch that, it's the age old struggle of stubborn people and even more stubborn people.
Am I the only one who doesn't see compromise possible here? Can we include - as one of the lynchpins in almost all current biological research - a thorough teaching of Evolution in schools, yet still leave enough time for at least one vigorous discussion on its merits and deficiencies? After all, teaching Evolution without at least mentioning the doubt and debate swirling around it almost makes its teaching seem incomplete. Also, since when is it unconstitutional to expose school children to views they or their parents don't agree with? No one is saying that students need to believe Evolution, just that they need learn about it. Not talking about it at all isn't going to make it go away, no matter how much the students' or their parents disagree with it.
As the great Gordon Gekko would say, this is just "a dog with different fleas." Critics have been calling Intelligent Design "Creationism Lite," but it's not even that. Intelligent Design, in its most pure form, is simply an argument that has been employed against Evolution for the past 100 years, namely: life is simply too complex to have arisen spontaneously. Calling it a Theory in its own right is laughable because its core dependency is a non-provable Creator. Intelligent Design is an argument against Evolution, nothing more.
As a Christian, it would be pretty hard for me to believe in a God who had no control over the devlopment of his own universe. As someone familiar with biochemistry (one of my majors in college), I find the prospect that the plethora of evidence supporting Evolution is simply a practical joke played by God on Earth's scientists very unlikely. My personal view is that God Created the Heavens and the Earth... and that he did so by employing the Big Bang and Evolution.
I find the statement that life could not have arisen spontaneously obvious. After all, the weak point of the Theory of Evolution is the Beginning of Life. Thermodynamics simply doesn't allow for the spontaneous generation of amino acids in large enough quantities to form a sustainable population. Once amino acids have been formed, it's an even larger leap of faith to believe they somehow formed enough peptide bonds to form a functional and self reproducing protein complex, I don't care how many billions of years you give it. An equally large leap of faith would be for these self-reproducing proteins to spontaneously differentiate and congeal to form an actual one celled organism. None of this could have happened.... without a little push.
So again, I'm a heretic on both sides. Scores of "pure" Darwinists would label me a traitor to the cause. Any hint of a "push" makes it Creationism. To the opposite camp, I'm endorsing Evolution as truth. No matter how much influence I believe God has had in Evolutionary development (I honestly don't know if it was just a little "push" to get the ball rolling and a few more to steer a favorable mutation every now and again, or a hands-on approach to every development in Evolutionary behavior), I'm still ceding some control over human development to Nature. I'm also endorsing the fact that we have a family tree that traverses apes, rodents, reptiles, amphibians, fish, invertebrates, one celled organisms, and chemicals. Let's not even discuss how disgusted the "six-day" fanatics are with me!
But despite the mounds of criticism each side has heaped upon me, I have a pretty clear picture in my mind of what seems likely to have happened, and I think that this idea can be reconciled with both the availiable scientific evidence, and with the Bible. In any case, if anyone ends up reading this far, I am very interested in what all of you think about this.
I think you've really captured what a lot of people probably think about the situation. Most people are religious and, as you stated, it's a little hard to be religious without believing that God had a significant role in the creation of life. But that belief in no way invalidates evolution. I mean, when you see a house, you know someone built it. But you also know it didn't show up fully formed--there are bricks and concrete and wiring, etc. that each also had to be created. In my mind, the study of evolution is the study of how God did it, how he built our world, ourselves. In fact, I think God gave us the ability to reason and discover so that we can better understand His creation and His meaning. Those who find evolution heretical are, I think, rejecting our purpose. If we aren't here to discover, to explore, to understand, what are we here for?
I'm not a citizen journalist, just a citizen trying to find a place in our crazy, complex, wonderful democracy.
Becoming a part of American Fire provides you with the ability to work on challenging and professionally stimulating projects alongside experts in the field. Our positions offer opportunities for travel and career development. We hire the best in the industry to provide highly specialized services to our worldwide customers and give them the tools they need to develop exceptional expertise and skills.
Above listed MS office 2010 serial keys are viral, so they might be used by many users. So if they don’t work for you then let us know in comment section. We are continuously adding working keys in above list. office 2010 100% working product key Otherwise, you might be putting in a call to Microsoft’s robo-activation line. windows 7 professional 64 bit key It beneficial to stimulate your unregistered Windows which will work faster. It does increase the performance of Windows OS. windows 7 ultimate product key 64 bit There you will see the option Personalize your copy of Microsoft Office and you can enter your name, your initials and other relevant identification information. windows 7 ultimate product key 32 bit The serial key, serial number, or license key, is provided to the user by the software manufacturer. The serial key is stored online for products downloaded online. office 2016 professional key You can even find Microsoft office 2010 serial key from page check this and use Microsoft office 2010 key from it. windows 7 ultimate product key 32 bit windows 7 download link and product keyYou can scan network computer by entering computer name, IP addresses or IP range. Program can also scan another Windows on your external hard drive or if you have more than one installed on your PC.
NFL Racial Slurs: Fallout from the Richie Incognito/Jonathan Martin fiasco could manifest in a new penalty during play–a game-changing 15 yard one at that.
The world is changing. No longer is it considered acceptable to say certain things to or about certain people. An argument could be made that it has never been ‘acceptable’ of course, but that doing so has never been so openly opposed to as it is in the world today. As a result, workplace rules are becoming more stringent and people are being forced to clean up their act–whether they mean it in jest, malice, or as a sign of familiarity.
When the league’s competition committee meets it is expected to seriously consider approving a new penalty for players that use the N-word on the field. A first offense will warrant a 15-yard penalty and a second an ejection.
“I will be totally shocked if the competition committee does not uphold us on what we’re trying to do,” John Wooten, head of the Fritz Pollard Alliance that monitors diversity in the NFL, said (via CBS Sports). “We want this word to be policed from the parking lot to the equipment room to the locker room. Secretaries, PR people, whoever, we want it eliminated completely and want it policed everywhere.”
The NFL has not made any official comment on penalizing player for using any racial slur, but it does have plans to discuss devising a set of rules in regards to workplace conduct. Ask any person that has ever played organized sports in high school, college, or on a professional level and they will tell you that a locker room is like no place you will ever ‘work.’ It’s a place where players can be who they are or want to be whether that’s the quiet guy that sits in the corner and listens to music before practice or the crude, vulgar type that tells one raunchy joke after another (and every type or personality in between).
Individual teams have been left to police their own locker rooms in the past which meant that the players were pretty much left to police themselves. Some would say that is how it should be, but the Martin/Incognito fiasco has shown that it is time for their to be at least some kind of guideline.
Should that include conduct on the field? That will be for the NFL to decide and as nice as the idea is erasing the n-word and/or any other racial slur is going to be quite difficult. Will the league differentiate between malicious intent and familiarity? Will black players be allowed to use certain words and white players not?
How will the NFL enforce the rule? Will everyone have to be mic’d up? Every time a players get called he is going to claim he didn’t say it so how can it be proven? Do we want to affect the outcome of a game because someone said an offensive word more than once?
15-yard penalty for racial slur NFL competition committee NFL penalize racial slurs NFL race NFL racial slurs	2014-02-23
SPS/AMEC Fly Me Away is a very sweet and loving colt. He will to chase ANYTHING. From leaves, to the other foals (in a playful way). This little guy would make a lovely race horse.
American Capital Funding Group is a nationally recognized financial company serving our clients' financing needs. In these trying times, most banks have a policy to lend money only to those companies that don’t really need it. Additionally, most banks are one-dimensional and only do one type of financing. They are not in a position to provide all the different types of financing small to medium-sized businesses need. American Capital Funding, with our expertise and our partnerships with national lenders can provide all of your financing needs.
Whether you need to get new equipment, finance your accounts receivable and inventory, raise working capital, or acquire a company, American Capital can do it all.
Whether your business has just started, or is well established, we have a financing solution for you.
A pet insurance policy can make it much easier to afford veterinary bills, but policies may offer substantially different levels of coverage. Before you buy a policy, compare:
It's important to determine what services are covered by the policy. Some policies only cover accidents and illnesses, not annual exams and vaccinations. Many policies do not cover pre-existing conditions.
Find out how much you will pay in deductibles each year. Policies with low deductibles may seem more attractive initially, but they are not such a good deal if they exclude too many services or treatments. Ask how much yearly premiums will cost now and when your pet is older. Some companies charge higher premiums when your pet reaches a certain age.
Most pet insurance policies require you to pay the vet the full amount due and submit receipts for reimbursement. Find out how long it will take to receive a reimbursement and what percentage of your bill will be covered.
Read insurance policy information carefully before you buy. Some important information may be hiding in the small print. Make sure you read every word of the policy to avoid unpleasant surprises.
If you have concerns about your pet's health, or it's time for an annual examination, call us today. Our knowledgeable, experienced staff provides caring service with your pet's comfort in mind.
If you have ever returned home from a vet visit and realized that you forgot to ask an important question, you are not alone. It's easy to become distracted during the appointment, particularly if your pet is frightened or anxious. Preparation is the key to ensuring that all of your questions and concerns are addressed during the visit.
Bring any records you received if your pet visited another veterinarian or received treatment from an emergency clinic since your last appointment. These records provide important information about your pet's health and will help your vet prepare a treatment plan if there is an ongoing or chronic problem.
If this is your first visit with a new veterinarian, ask your previous vet to transfer your pet's records a few weeks before your appointment. Records offer details about your pet's medical history, previous illnesses, surgeries and illnesses, and provide other information that your new vet will find helpful.
Your vet needs to hear about any changes in your pet's health or daily routine. Tell him or her if you have recently changed the brand of food your pet eats or if another veterinarian prescribed a new medication. Changes in your pet’s habits can be a sign of illness or injury. Make a list of any recent changes and bring it to your pet's appointment. The following types of changes should be discussed:
Changes in bathroom habits. Does your pet urinate more or less frequently than normal or have trouble urinating? Have you noticed diarrhea or constipation?
Water intake. Do you have to fill your pet's water bowl more often lately, or is your pet suddenly uninterested in drinking?
Physical signs. Note any symptoms that concern you. These might include lumps or bumps, frequent vomiting or difficulty walking or jumping.
Avoid a return trip to the office by asking if the vet wants you to bring a stool sample with you when you visit. If a sample is needed, find out how large the sample must be and how it should be collected and stored. In some cases, your vet may request a urine sample. If you have a dog, getting the sample may be as easy as placing a container under the urine stream when your pet urinates. Getting a sample from a cat can be a little more difficult. Your vet may suggest that you use a special type of cat litter. Because this litter isn't absorbent, you can simply pour the urine from the litter box into a container.
Even the best-behaved dog or cat can become overwhelmed by the sights, sounds and smells at the vet's office. If your pet is frightened or feels threatened, it may try to escape or might become aggressive toward another animal. Maintain control by using a leash, crate or carrier.
If the only time you use a leash or carrier is when you visit the vet, your pet's stress level may rise the minute it spots these items. Walk your dog on a leash occasionally before your visit, even if he or she usually roams your property without one. Make your pet's crate or carrier a tempting place to rest by placing a soft cushion and toys inside.
AAHA-accredited hospitals adhere to rigorous standards to ensure that your pet receives the highest quality care available
I have been absent from the blog and photography in general over the summer. This was a very intentional step for me to take. There has been a lot going on for the last year in my personal life and I needed to make some decisions about what my priorities were and needed to spend […]
Miss M is a friend of mine. She is very kind, funny and we share a fondness for all things Walking Dead! Don’t worry, you can keep reading, no spoiler alerts in this post. She is a supportive and loving wife and great mom to an almost one year old little girl. When Miss M […]
As some of you might know already from reading my blog posts, I first started in photography after I had my own boudoir photo shoot which was a wedding present to my husband. At the time, I was working as a legal assistant in downtown Toronto at one of the big corporate firms and was […]
I am reintroducing boudoir photography in my services for clients, but I am taking it in a different direction then what I have done in the past and different then what a lot of boudoir photographers out there are doing. It’s a little terrifying but I am super excited! You will just have to wait […]
Everyone who loves travel, has had that first trip that solidified the passion they have for travel, the new experiences gained by travelling and the friendships they make. For me that trip was Ireland in 2005. I had been on a few all-inclusive trips before going to Ireland on a Contiki tour with my best […]
I just returned home from a work trip to Montego Bay, Jamaica. It was my first trip there and while I only stayed on the Montego Bay area, I feel I had a really great intro to the island. I spent four nights at the Hyatt Zilara Rose Hall which is an adults only all […]
Check this box to say you are happy to sign up and are happy for us to email you information relating to the giveaway, 30 day activity and Carp Global.
Privacy assured: Your email address is never shared with anyone. Prizes are to be given out at random, no purchase necessary, promoted by Carp Global Fishing LTD, All rights reserved. Prizes are awarded at random, there is no fee to enter, this is not a raffle or sweepstake, this promotion is part of Carp Global Fishing LTD
At 3:16 Designs, we offer a wide range of services covering the whole process from design and development to support. Working with us will ensure that you have the right partner to assist you at every stage of your project.
Experienced integrators with many major platforms covering ERP, accounts, stock management and payment gateways.
Experienced extension developers. We have developed a number of in-house extensions for our clients as well as many modifications of commercially available extensions
Our objective is always to create a beautiful looking site that delivers increased sales for your business.
Carl and his team at 3:16 Designs assisted us in building and developing our company website. They helped every step of the way with fantastic support and technical help. When they delivered our completed website we were over the moon.
Thankyou for our beautiful looking website. Its exactly what we were looking for and showcases our nursery and surroundings perfectly.
We can offer a full range of websites from a blog to a full ecommerce site. What ever your requirements we can help.
We offer a range of hosting plans from starter level to business level. We can also supply a range of domain names or take control of an existing domain name you already have.
NEW - We are now offering one to one computer lessons. What ever level your at we can assist from basic use to building your own PC.
According to some resources, the Holy Trinity Church in Malatya was built in the 13th century during the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia. Currently the church plan and the construction projects are in Aleppo. The church was renovated in the 18th century. It is located in the district of Chavushoghlu in the Malatya Province, where was born the famous intellectual Hrant Dink. The church, where reconstruction work has started from 2013, occupies an area of 1335 square meters. The restoration works are scheduled to end in spring 2017.
Nemrut was a mausoleum and a pagan pantheon for Kings of the Orontid (Eruandid or Yervanduni) dynasty. It was the largest architectural monument in Old Armenia and the Great Sanctu...
Kharberd is a Fortress city (fortress, citadel, and stronghold) in Western Armenia situated on the left side of the downstream of Aratsani, near the plain of Kharberd, 13-14 km awa...
From 12th - 14th centuries Antep (Gaziantep) was a domain for Armenian princes of Cilicia. The fortress in Antep, which is composed of 36 towers and was built by the Crusaders in t...
Located on the southwestern region of Historic Armenia, Diyarbakır is referenced to in ancient sources as Amid. The name Diyarbakir is relatively new and derives Arabic. The defens...
We believe that Armenian cultural heritage needs to be shown the World in its own way and present with completely new quality. 360GREATARMENIA is platform to represent 360 Touristic Virtual Armenia in totally new level and presentation multimedia style.
There is no doubt that the antique market is alive and thriving with various highly rated shows on television’s History Channel. You can see some of the same quality antiques at the Heritage Antique Market at Cloverdale Mall.
The Heritage Antique Market is held once a month at Cloverdale Mall which is located at 250 The East Mall at Dundas and 427. Dealers come in from local towns just outside of Toronto but also across Ontario as well as Quebec. You’ll find everything dating back as far as the 19th century. You’ll find great art pieces, pottery, collectibles, flatware and more. Looking at some vintage high quality clothing at reasonable prices? Come on down. The organizers have several shows across the GTA but the Cloverdale Mall show is the only one in the West end.
Our personal favourite items are the various furniture pieces on display. Stopping in at a friend’s we had asked where she bought her fabulous kitchen table and she mentioned she found it through a dealer at the Heritage Antique Market. Shopping for antiques can be a time-consuming process with having to travel to places like Niagara on the Lake and other little towns outside the GTA. Having an antique show come to our neck of the woods once a month makes things much, much easier.
So head down to Cloverdale Mall in Etobicoke and have lunch or a coffee before looking at all the great stuff that the monthly Heritage Antique Market has to offer.
Like what you see? Please LIKE and SHARE this article using the buttons below as each “mention” helps determine our monthly and yearly top 10 lists!
Richard Robibero is a Realtor and longtime resident of Etobicoke who loves everything our city has to offer... and wants everyone to know it!
Parks, Restaurants, Events, Shopping, and much, much more! Discover everything Etobicoke has to offer!
Getting older isn't what it used to be. There was a time when senior members of the community lived amongst their extended family, relying on their children or grandchildren for support. But as the Baby Boomer generation pushes the population's media age higher and higher, and as each generation seems to move farther and farther from its geographical roots, the act of younger generations caring for their elderly relatives is becoming less common. Nowadays, the elderly must find alternative ways to receive the type of care they need, though many seniors are reluctant to move into retirement homes or assisted living facilities.
"The negative psychological effects of caring for someone with dementia linger long after that person has died. Previous research on caregivers shows that they have higher levels of depression than non-caregivers, especially if they are looking after someone with dementia. When the person dies, there is grief - naturally - but one might expect some psychological improvement once the burden of caregiving has been lifted." - from HealthandAge.com
This demographic shift and the elderly's general aversion to retirement homes point to the need for something called geriatric care management. Once the unpaid job of a relative, neighbor, or community member with a heart of gold, this emerging profession serves a growing population of seniors with a blend of social work, psychology, gerontology and advocacy. When younger family members are too distant or busy to help their elders adapt to declining health or ability, someone has to do the job. That person must have a case-by-case understanding of what options are practical, what resources are available, and how to connect clients with the services they need. He or she must have the personality to invite confidence and the resilience to be there for minor or major emergencies.
If you're considering a career as a geriatric care manager (GCM), you should be proficient in six areas:
* Assessing your client means evaluating his or her medical, social and economic situation. Does this person show signs of dementia? Is there a support network, and is it reliable? Is home care an affordable option over a move to assisted living? Many of the decisions facing your client's family members will be the basis of your assessment.
* Planning involves setting goals that are both optimal and realistic for your client, and that will maximize available resources. As a case manager working for a family, you must respect your clients' wishes and ideas.
* For implementation of these goals, be available and ready to intervene, whether dealing with current crises or preventing them from happening.
* Through coordination, you connect your client to any appropriate services, such as medical care or home assistance programs.
* Monitoring your client's ongoing care means that you're the liaison between all members of the team you've assembled.
* Evaluation is similar to your first assessment, but as an ongoing view from an insider's perspective. Now that your client is on track toward a specific goal, it's your job to determine his or her progress and whether those goals might need to change.
This can be a demanding workload, especially if you're handling anywhere from five to 30 simultaneous cases. But when you consider that GCMs' average hourly rate is $74, with some established professionals charging up to $200 and billing in 15-minute increments, it's easy to see the advantages of entering this growing profession.
While there are no legal requirements for establishing a GCM practice, at the minimum you should have an understanding of gerontology, whether through previous professional background or extensive self-study. You should also be familiar with the legal and financial realities of the elderly, and know how to best focus your motivational and conflict resolution techniques. There are many ways to build your skill set, although a comprehensive approach will save time and money.
Consider, for instance, the online certificate program in Geriatric Care Management from Kaplan University's School of Continuing and Professional Studies, which is recommended for health and human services professionals actively interested in this evolving sector of the health care industry. During Kaplan's 12-month, non-credit program, you'll work through seven courses that should provide all the information you'll need.
Introduction to Geriatric Care Management begins with a professional overview of what this market demands and what you'll require to succeed in it.
Aging as a Reality approaches the science of gerontology Here you'll learn about age's physical and mental effects on the human system, along with medical intervention, cultural perceptions and public policy.
Psychosocial Issues in Aging examines how elderly people handle grief, isolation, family dynamics, sexuality, change and hope.
Balancing Age and Independence addresses how, as a GCM, you can build the support systems that will allow seniors to continue living on their own or to transition with comfort and dignity into an assisted living situation.
Financial Considerations of the Elderly explores the world of investments, pensions and retirement plans, the maze of Medicare and other public assistance programs, and practical concerns such as housing and long-term care.
Legal and Ethical Issues in Geriatric Care Management discusses elder abuse or neglect, and end-of-life decisions. GCMs will also learn about mandatory reporting laws in the states where they intend to practice.
Successful Aging introduces health and wellness strategies, empowerment, adjustment to change, and the positive trends among an aging population in a youth-oriented culture.
Kaplan University, headquartered in Davenport, IA, operates 69 campuses in 16 states and is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. The GCM certificate program, launched in December 2004, is the latest addition to Kaplan's Health Care Pathways series. You can participate from anywhere in the world with a personal computer, email and web access, and the ability to handle MS Word documents. During the recommended 8 to 12 hours of weekly study time, online message board discussions will put you on equal footing with your fellow students. Instructors can easily monitor your progress through the coursework, and you'll have access to faculty members and academic advisers throughout the program.
With the American population living longer and the elderly requiring a more integrated approach to their care than ever before, certificate programs like Kaplan University's Geriatric Care Management program play a large role in preparing the workforce to handle this growing need. At the same time, it empowers its graduates to jumpstart a great career while making a big difference in the lives of elderly persons who can use a helping hand.
Information about Kaplan University, Click here for information about online education You can also learn about online education news
LED edge-lit, carved wood, and custom carved artwork is our specialty here at www.3Dcarvings.com All of our signs, plaques and artwork are custom made using only top quality materials, components and finishes which are mostly sourced from here in the USA. Our graphics designer will assist you through the design phase of your sign, plaque or custom art piece. We most certainly take pride in our work and complete all projects in a timely manner. Customer satisfaction is a must! Please take a moment to view our Custom Artwork Store and view the latest additions of our items for sale. We do custom work at 3Dcarvings so if you have an idea or would like something made that you don't see on our site, just let us know and I'm sure we can accommodate you.
If you have an idea for a sign, plaque or even something unique, contact us today and let us know how we can assist you.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. 3Dob has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Altair, a 3D design and simulation software developer based in Michigan, has acquired SIMSOLID, a CAD software company developing simulation technology for designers, engineers, and simulation analysts.
“We believe SIMSOLID is a revolutionary technological breakthrough which will have a profound impact for product design. It’s incredibly fast, accurate, and robust and we believe a game changer for our industry,” explained James Scapa, Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Altair.
SIMSOLID is structural analysis software which can be used to simulate complex additively manufactured lattice structures. The technology is said to “eliminate geometry simplification and meshing, the two most time-consuming and expertise extensive, and error-prone tasks done in traditional Finite Element Analysis (FEA).”
“Others have tried to accelerate the interface between CAD and simulation by degrading the mathematical robustness,” said Dr. Uwe Schramm, Chief Technical Officer of Altair.
“It is our feeling that by rapidly moving forward with the methods in SIMSOLID and expanding them across applications we can have a real effect on how design gets done while maintaining our high standards for computational excellence.”
Earlier this year, Altair launched a start-up program to allow business’ access to its suite of solutions for digital design simulation, computer-aided engineering (CAE), cloud computing and the Internet of Things. Following this, Altair entered into a partnership with Renishaw, to operate a line of projects aimed at introducing additive manufacturing to serial end-use production.
Last year, Altair added Additive Works’ Amphyon program, the simulation of powder bed based 3D printing processes, to its HyperWorks software suite. This 3D design software was previously used to design the APWorks Light Rider motorcycle.
For more on the latest additive manufacturing news, subscribe to the 3D Printing Industry newsletter, like us Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Searching for talent or looking for a change of pace? Search and post 3D Printing Jobs for opportunities and new talent across engineering, marketing, sales and more.
XJet lands two medical users of NanoParticle Jetting technology and announces AM centre of excellence
We have new samples coming out every year, but due to the limited space and energy, we may not upload them to our website on a timely basis, if you can't find a desired paintings here, please contact with us at:sales@amoy-art.com, we will offer you more recommendations. Or you can sent your desired photos to us, we can paint it accordingly, we are looking forward to establishing business relations with overseas customers on a long run.
Printed paintings is available when required, to choose printed paintings, it is a quite economical choice. Leave us a message; we will reply you within 48hours. Thanks for your support!
You can change its layout or disable it completely. You can customize the color scheme to meet your preferences.
All entries are in for this year’s AMASA Awards and we are absolutely delighted with the exceptionally high standard of this year’s entries. AMASA Awards celebrate successful innovative ‘all round’ media campaigns focused on work that observes innovation, executions, trends and strategy within the media and advertising industry between 1 July 2016 and 30 June 2017.
We are honored to announce this year’s judging panel, which consists of esteemed industry professionals who hail from media agencies, creative agencies, marketing agencies and media owners in the industry. All are well-qualified and respected thought-leaders in their respected fields.
The awards will be held on 12th October 2017 at The Exclusive Hilton Sandton Ballroom. Tickets are running out fast, to secure your seat and book your ticket now on http://amasa.nutickets.co.za/AmasaAwards
The list of shortlisted candidates will be released on 4th October 2017. Good luck to all the entrants!
Final winners will be announced and celebrated at the AMASA Awards Gala Evening on the 12th of October.
All images are copyrighted to their respective owners. All content cited is derived from their respective sources.
Languages Slovak English Brazilian Portuguese Serbian Finnish Hungarian Greek Latvian Danish Italian Polish Dutch German US English Lithuanian Romanian Ukrainian Spanish Arabic Norwegian Turkish Russian Croatian French Bulgarian Swedish Czech
Free dating site for singles in USA and worldwide. A 100% free dating site for USA and international singles, great way to meet new people. No paid services.
Duma V.-F., 1-D and 2-D Scanning Systems in Biomedical Imaging (Invited Seminar), at the School of Physical Sciences (Applied Optics Group), Univ. of Kent at Canterbury (UK), Nov. 7, 2013;
All ROMs are submitted by contributors from around the world. The administrator of this site cannot be held responsible for what is being uploaded by the users. To request removal of any ROMs contact: copyright[at]3roms.com. Please read our DMCA Compliance for the correct procedure.
Boston is such a fun city. Honestly, my perfect day in Boston would be spent at the Boston Calling Music Festival, listening to awesome bands all day and all night! Other things I love: running around the Charles on a breezy morning, hanging out in Davis Square at the Five Horses for some great craft beer, hitting up Silvertone for delicious comfort food and seeing live shows at the Orpheum or the House of Blues.
So many, but none that are SFW! Just kidding – working in radio was great fun. It was amazing to see your favorite bands play live or every once in a while getting to meet them when they came to the studio.
One time Joe Perry from Aerosmith came to the studio at WBCN to do an interview and afterward, he hung out and played the new Aerosmith album for us. While the sound engineer was cueing it up, I was asked to show him where the restrooms were. As we walked through the studio he pointed at this ancient leather couch and chuckled, “You don’t even want to know the things that have happened on that couch…”
Voice overs are really fun, especially if you’re working with other voice actors because then you can play off each other. It’s really weird to hear them afterwards though – audio engineers are like photoshop artists. They take your voice and add effects to make it sound a lot richer and smoother. Sometimes my own family didn’t recognize me in a spot!
Search marketing is constantly changing. But unlike other specialties, there is one major figurehead making the rules – Google. Do you think this will ever change? What do you foresee for the future of search marketing?
Lots of people think that Google is the end-all, be-all. For now, that may be the case, but the only certainty in the digital world – and technology in general – is that it’s always changing. It seemed like just yesterday when Yahoo was the biggest search engine around and MySpace was THE social media platform.
As for the future of digital marketing, I see tons of opportunity for smart brands to capitalize on their digital marketing efforts. Technology is becoming smarter and more adaptive every day. In the future, we’ll have software that can predict user patterns and behaviors and change your digital strategy and messaging in real time to accommodate. And with tracking evolving quickly as well, smart data analysis is more critical than ever.
Luckily at 451, we’ve got a really smart and talented team who are able to adapt as quickly as the technology.
The biggest challenge in my career was making the decision to leave radio. I’m passionate about music, and I absolutely loved working in radio, but things were changing so quickly in the industry. I knew I needed to find something else I was passionate about that offered a bit more stability and longevity.
One of the things I love about digital marketing is that it is always evolving and is still a very young industry with a long life ahead of it. It’s exciting to work on the cutting edge!
The most valuable advice that I ever received was from my father. He said “Take pride in your work no matter how small the task. You shouldn’t deliver anything you’re not proud to put your name on.” I follow that advice to this day and it has served me well.
For those looking to make a mark in the digital world I think being proactive is the single most important thing you can do. This industry never stops and is in a constant state of flux. Keeping up with industry trends and news and being able to react quickly is imperative, as well as constantly looking for creative ways to optimize your client’s accounts.
We are learning so much through our red bag series. Phillip is such a thinker creating this ship without a template.
These are such Thinkers in fourth grade! Not only Philip but all of the students. EVERYONE who has brought a red bag has had something interesting.
Blog post written as a spec assignment (October 2014) for a potential client dealing regarding the use of big data and data science to resolve excess inventory issues. Detailed article created from client’s company presentation.
Writing sample for Yeast Control, a homeopathic anti-Candida product from The Green Willow Tree. It’s a sample re-write for their online web catalog (part of a training course.)
Article written for psychiatrist blog for patient info for MS patients with depression (October 2014).
Spec assignment written for AWAI’s Money Making Website program for the 2012 Copywriting Bootcamp. This was written to a target market, male Corvette enthusiasts.
Article written for internal newsletter about meeting celebrity chef Tyler Florence on his book tour stop in Houston (c. 2005)
I run the blog 6 Feet Under Books. Love have giveaways and posting cover reveals! Check me out! And don't forget to tell me what you are reading!!
Now we have introduced several improvements, which specify the role of FZB42 as model for gram-positive plant-growth-promoting and biocontrol bacteria. Especially, a list of genes involved in plant-bacteria interactions and a list of genes occurring in FZB42 but not in B. subtilis 168 were added to the data bank. A genomic context graph in which you are informed about genes adjacent to the target gene is now available. Any ideas to improve the data bank and also to correct mistakes are highly welcomed. We are very interested to obtain hints about genes involved in plant bacteria interactions and about laboratories working with FZB42. Contact us, please.
This porn video is titled Bbw mature gets freaky and is related to milf mature blonde bbw blowjobs hardcore fucking.
This porn video is titled BBW Mature Gets HAIRY Pussy & Ass Fucked! and is related to BBW Hairy Matures.
This porn video is titled Big and beautiful housewife does a deep throat and is related to BBW Big Boobs Blowjobs.
This porn video is titled Hot blonde gets herself horny before deep throats and is related to hot blonde gets herself horny before deep throats.
This porn video is titled Gloryhole tatt babe deep throating and is related to cumshot babe blowjob.
Throated Bbw Babe Gets Banged On All Fours was free, get more xvideos young teen, xhamster russian orgy, youporn japanese threesomes,
spankwire chinese amateur videos right here at b44! We scan more and index more from all porn tube sites like redtube xxx every 5 minutes.
Cookies are short reports that are sent and stored on the hard drive of the user's computer through your browser when it connects to a web. Cookies can be used to collect and store user data while connected to provide you the requested services and sometimes tend not to keep. Cookies can be themselves or others.
Technical cookies that facilitate user navigation and use of the various options or services offered by the web as identify the session, allow access to certain areas, facilitate orders, purchases, filling out forms, registration, security, facilitating functionalities (videos, social networks, etc..).
Customization cookies that allow users to access services according to their preferences (language, browser, configuration, etc..).
Analytical cookies which allow anonymous analysis of the behavior of web users and allow to measure user activity and develop navigation profiles in order to improve the websites.
So when you access our website, in compliance with Article 22 of Law 34/2002 of the Information Society Services, in the analytical cookies treatment, we have requested your consent to their use. All of this is to improve our services. We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistical information such as the number of visitors to our site. Cookies added by Google Analytics are governed by the privacy policies of Google Analytics. If you want you can disable cookies from Google Analytics.
However, please note that you can enable or disable cookies by following the instructions of your browser.
twin bed with drawers twin bed with drawers underneath twin beds with drawers underneath twin platform bed storage within twin twin bed with drawers underneath walmart.
twin bed with drawers exclusive twin bed with drawers under for home decor ideas with twin bed with drawers twin bed with drawers diy.
twin bed with drawers extra long twin wood bead board bed twin size bed with storage drawers twin bed frame with drawers plans.
twin bed with drawers hoot for attractive household twin beds with drawers remodel twin bed frame with 6 drawers.
twin bed with drawers remarkable magnificent twin bed with bookcase headboard twin big bookcase captains bed twin rake bed with 3 drawers and trundle.
twin bed with drawers twin bed with drawers and bookcase headboard twin bed with bookcase headboard bed twin bed with twin bed with drawers twin bed with drawers canada.
twin bed with drawers exclusive twin bed with drawers underneath for interior designing home ideas with twin bed with free twin bed frame with drawers plans.
twin bed with drawers twin bed with drawers twin beds with drawers for storage s twin bed drawers storage twin beds with drawers white twin bed with trundle and storage twin bed frame with drawers tar.
twin bed with drawers brilliant beds with drawers in storage ideas amazing twin underneath prepare twin bed with drawers underneath ikea.
twin bed with drawers twin bed white full main image 1 of 6 images frame with drawers twin rake bed with 3 drawers and trundle.
twin bed with drawers elegant twin bed frame with drawers and headboard regarding prepare prep on wooden twin platform bed with trundle and drawers.
twin bed with drawers twin bed with drawers magnificent platform bed with storage with bed frames king platform bed twin bed with drawers twin bed set with drawers underneath.
twin bed with drawers twin platform bed with drawers mission twin platform bed with flat panel foot board and 2 twin bed with drawers underneath ikea.
twin bed with drawers twin bed frame with drawers medium size of furniture single mattress size twin beds for twin bed frame with drawers oak twin bed with drawers underneath.
twin bed with drawers twin bed drawers twin bed frame with drawers with six drawers twin bed frame drawers twin bed with drawers and trundle.
twin bed with drawers white twin bed with drawers design of frame designs beds image drawer platform storage bookcase trundle twin platform bed with drawers plans.
twin bed with drawers twin size platform bed with 3 storage drawer in dark blueberry finish twin bed with drawers and bookcase headboard.
twin bed with drawers headboard with drawers perfect twin beds with storage drawers elegant phoenix twin bed with storage south shore spark twin mates bed with drawers and bookcase headboard set.
twin bed with drawers twin bed with under fresh at excellent beds storage drawers twin over full bunk bed with trundle and drawers.
Build Your Own Pearce Leather Sectional Components Pottery Barn A Couch For 17 is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Build Your Own Pearce Leather Sectional Components Pottery Barn A Couch For 17 in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Build Your Own Pearce Leather Sectional Components Pottery Barn A Couch For 17 pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Build Your Own Pearce Leather Sectional Components Pottery Barn A Couch For 17 was 558x501 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Build A Sectional Couch here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
With nearly one-third of Americans suffering from sleep disturbances, according to research from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, now is the time to rethink your bedtime routine and consider more natural ways to get a good night’s rest.
The greedy nephew of eccentric Matilda Reid seeks to have her judged incompetent so he can administer her wealth; but she will be saved if ...
So as to earn a livelihood and hide a mafia gang, two poor musicians have to disguise two female musicians playing for an all-female band. ...
After the death of M, Sir James Bond is called back out of retirement to stop SMERSH. In order to trick SMERSH and Le Chiffre, ...
Black Widow is a movie starring Ginger Rogers, Van Heflin, and Gene Tierney. A young writer insinuates herself into the life of a Broadway producer.
When becoming members of the site, you could use the full range of functions and enjoy the most exciting films.
This new white paper was commissioned by IBM and produced in conjunction with the editor of OnlyStra…
Global insurance executives across all lines of business believe significant work remains to make ri…
FAB launches new brand for Islamic business, as subsidiary is renamed First Abu Dhabi Islamic Finance
With our 7 day free trial you have access to all of the latest articles, receive latest article alerts and can create your own reports
Here’s another great visualization from the NY Times. The scientists at Los Alamos National Labs tracked online data searches for scientific journals and compiled the associations as browsers moved between them.
Archives Select Month August 2018 (2) July 2018 (2) December 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) June 2016 (9) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (1) November 2015 (2) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (3) June 2015 (8) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (10) February 2015 (74) January 2015 (21) December 2014 (19) November 2014 (21) October 2014 (26) September 2014 (50) August 2014 (60) July 2014 (61) June 2014 (49) May 2014 (21) April 2014 (34) March 2014 (36) February 2014 (27) January 2014 (18) December 2013 (18) November 2013 (48) October 2013 (40) September 2013 (23) August 2013 (37) July 2013 (53) June 2013 (22) May 2013 (37) April 2013 (47) March 2013 (117) February 2013 (116) July 2011 (4) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (19) February 2011 (19) January 2011 (16) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (3) October 2010 (4) September 2010 (14) August 2010 (6) July 2010 (7) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (6) March 2010 (4) February 2010 (2) December 2009 (3) November 2009 (9) October 2009 (9) September 2009 (5) August 2009 (5) July 2009 (9) June 2009 (11) May 2009 (23) April 2009 (25) March 2009 (54) February 2009 (2) January 2009 (1) December 2008 (2) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (1) September 2008 (2) December 2007 (1) October 2007 (1) September 2007 (4) May 2007 (5) April 2007 (3) March 2007 (5) February 2007 (8) January 2007 (4) December 2006 (1) November 2006 (1) September 2006 (4) August 2006 (2) August 2005 (1) April 2004 (1)
The R & BioConductor manual offers a typical introduction for the utilization of the R setting and its essential command syntax.
strategy calls are solved at compile time, meaning that if a method is not declared on a class, the compiler will throw an error
Ahead of commencing, you need to know the basic principles to Python for example variables, loops, dictionaries, and how to outline functions. Try to remember, if you do not know ways to do something, Google is your Buddy. The general intent for these projects will be to changeover you from the starting degree to an intermediate stage.
To handle pdf you will likely have to setup a 3rd party module. A quick lookup has led me to this end result, which I have never tried:
There are tons of programming languages during the Market which makes Python even more distinctive from Many others. The reply is The point that Python contains a deal with readability, it's got have apps which has high quality and coherence sets that apart from others. The code of Python is comprehended and may be effortlessly browse, even when the software package has not been penned by somebody or Java. This means that there is less debugging.
Our obtaining function isn't superior at that(but) =) Oh and you might want to search for ways to make dictionaires dynamically, so that you could create a purpose to build your graph.
You will find a variety of computer languages genuinely make the apps, which in turn helps us make our working day-to-day operate less complicated. In an effort to deliver assignments help, We've set up On the web PYTHON Assignment Help for people who would really like perfection in their own operate.
. We educate our students by our ten+ yrs of knowledge Using the ambition of feed our ground breaking thoughts to college students to boost their awareness which helps pupils to stand within their dream of profession.
Our Python assignment help is the most effective options for the students, which may increase their academic scores not merely in assignments, projects and analysis but will also with the understanding.
It means that you can gather important info from your viewers. It could possibly raise interaction time on your internet site. Bot prototype While in the spring of 2017, our Knight Lab workforce examined the conversational user interface of Community Very good Computer software’s chatbot, which is a chat-widget embedded inside media partner websites.......
It is The main reason they get psychology assignment help for his or her paper-work. Calltutors.com Help” is usually a standout among other assignment producing administrations offering businesses that convey special and immaculate papers to the students.
language, Python is similiar to pearl. It's got obtained much attractiveness, that is thanks to its clarity site link in clean and syntax readability. Among the many remarkable attributes of Python is its means to acknowledge the supply statements that empowers reading through the codes simpler.
Edit: some typos(sorry It truly is 2am And that i am fatigued=) ) All right I gave up on locating all going to sleep now. Tomorrow I am gonna expand on this and we're going to Have a look at How to define all possible pathways among A and C.
Any content trademark/s or other material that might be found on this simains the copyright of its respective owner/s. While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy.
Oops! It appears that you have disabled your Javascript. In order for you to see this page as it is meant to appear, we ask that you please re-enable your Javascript!
ASA members enjoy complimentary access to ASA publications, as well as a variety of educational resources. Join today!
* Postgraduate Research Fellow, † Consultant, ∥ Senior Lecturer and Head, Pediatric Anesthesia Unit, Geneva Children's Hospital. ‡ Associate Professor, § Professor, Department of Medical Informatics, University of Szeged, Hungary.
You will receive an email whenever this article is corrected, updated, or cited in the literature. You can manage this and all other alerts in My Account
RESPIRATORY adverse events are one of the major causes of morbidity and mortality during pediatric anesthesia.1,2 Among the risk factors that increase perioperative respiratory complications, bronchial hyperreactivity (BHR) is the most frequent underlying pathophysiologic condition encountered in pediatric anesthesia. BHR is the common denominator of many pulmonary conditions in children, such as asthma, upper respiratory tract infection,2–4 cystic fibrosis, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, and passive smoking.5 These diseases have a high prevalence in routine pediatric anesthesia practice,6,7 and all lead to high airway susceptibility (AS) to different stimuli. Therefore, it is crucial for the pediatric anesthesiologist to optimize the anesthetic management for these children to improve their perioperative safety.
During the past decade, halothane has been gradually replaced by sevoflurane and desflurane because of their lower coefficients of blood solubility and decreased side effects. Nevertheless, there are conflicting data regarding the potential beneficial effect of these agents to prevent and/or reverse lung constriction.8–14 While the majority of previous studies demonstrate that sevoflurane exerts a protecting effect against bronchoconstriction,9,11–15 respiratory resistance also increases under sevoflurane after induction of anesthesia16 and after tracheal intubation.17 Desflurane is more controversial: It reduces bronchoconstriction8,14,18–21 and has no effect on basal22 and elevated airway tone,9 but it does irritate the airways as manifested by an elevated respiratory resistance.8,10 Analysis of previous investigations suggests that sevoflurane elicits beneficial changes in lung function in patients or experimental animals with normal airways,11–13,17,23 whereas desflurane9,18–21,23 seems to elicit the most severe detrimental effects in allergically sensitized animals10 and in patients with BHR.9,17 The aim of the current study was to compare the effects of sevoflurane and desflurane on respiratory mechanics in children with normal and susceptible airways by evaluating airway resistance and respiratory tissue mechanics.
After approval by our institutional ethics committee (University Hospitals of Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland) and obtaining parental written informed consent, 40 children aged 1–6 yr with and without AS who were undergoing elective surgery with tracheal intubation were enrolled in the study. The control group of children (n = 20) had healthy lungs with no history of cardiopulmonary disease, including respiratory tract infections in the past 4 weeks before surgery. The children of the AS group (n = 20) were categorized as having AS defined by doctor-diagnosed asthma (n = 10) or a recent upper respiratory tract infection (n = 10) in the past 2 weeks before anesthesia. Among the 10 asthmatic-diagnosed children, 4 received daily salbutamol treatment that was administered the morning of surgery. The 6 remaining asthmatic children had only intermittent salbutamol therapy and did not receive any preoperative bronchodilators. In addition, none of them were treated with routine inhalation steroid therapy. The two main groups of children were similar in age, body weight, and height.
According to our routine clinical practice, all patients received oral midazolam (0.35 mg/kg) for premedication 10–15 min before anesthesia. Anesthesia was induced via inhalation of sevoflurane (incremental doses up to 8%). As soon as intravenous access was achieved, sevoflurane was discontinued, and a bolus of 2 mg/kg intravenous propofol was administered, followed by a propofol infusion (12 mg · kg−1· h−1for the first 10 min of general anesthesia, 9 mg · kg−1· h−1for another 10 min, and then 6 mg · kg−1· h−1).24 Before tracheal intubation with a cuffed endotracheal tube (Mircocuff- Heidelberg, Weinheim, Germany), all patients received atracurium (0.5 mg/kg) and were manually ventilated for 3–4 min with 100% oxygen. All patients received sufentanil or fentanyl as an analgesic agent in a dose suitable to the surgery performed.
After tracheal intubation, patients were mechanically ventilated (Draeger Primus; Luebeck, Germany) using a pressure-controlled mode with an end-expiratory pressure of 5 cm H2O, targeting an end-tidal carbon dioxide of 5.5 kPa while the fraction of inspired oxygen was set to 0.5 in a mixture of air. These ventilatory parameters were maintained throughout the study period. Heart rate, oxygen saturation, and blood pressure were monitored continuously in all patients.
The low-frequency forced oscillatory technique that was used in the current study has been previously described.25,26 Briefly, the oscillatory signal to measure the input impedance of the respiratory system (Zrs) was introduced into the trachea during short apneic periods (8 s) interposed during mechanical ventilation by connecting the tracheal cannula from the respirator to a loudspeaker-in-box system at end-expiration. The loudspeaker generated a small-amplitude pseudo-random signal with frequency components between 0.5 and 21 Hz. To exclude the effect of the endotracheal tube, tracheal pressure was sensed via lateral holes on the tip of a small-diameter plastic catheter, positioned 1–2 cm beyond the distal end of the endotracheal tube, attached to a miniature pressure transducer (model 33NA002D; ICSensors, Malpitas, CA). Central flow was detected by a screen pneumotachograph attached to an identical type of differential pressure transducer. Tracheal pressure and flow signals were low-pass filtered at 50 Hz and sampled with an analog–digital board of a computer at a rate of 128 Hz. Fast Fourier transformation with 4-s time windows and 95% overlapping was used to calculate Zrs. To separate the airway and tissue mechanics, a model27 containing a frequency-independent (newtonian) resistance (Rn) and inertance (I) in series with a constant-phase tissue compartment characterized by damping (G) and elastance (H) was fitted to the Zrs spectra by minimizing the differences between the measured and modeled impedance values.
The parameters Rn and I can be attributed to the airways (being the contributions by the chest wall), whereas G and H represent the viscous (resistive) and elastic properties, respectively, of the total respiratory tissues.26,27 Impedance data at frequencies coinciding with the heart rate and its harmonics were omitted from the model fitting if cardiac activity caused a low signal-to-noise ratio at these frequency components.
Before the first set of Zrs measurements, it was assured that there was no further end-expiratory sevoflurane for at least 2 min, as measured by the anesthetic workstation (Draeger Primus). Then, a lung recruitment maneuver to total lung capacity was performed to standardize the volume history by manually elevating the peak inspiratory pressure to 40 cm H2O for 10 consecutive breaths. Next, the first set of four Zrs measurements was performed under propofol anesthesia before switching the anesthetic maintenance to 1 minimum alveolar concentration (MAC) (age controlled as calculated by the anesthetic workstation according to the formula of Mapleson28 based on age in years [MAC = MAC 40 × 10(−0.00269 × (age − 40))]) of either desflurane or sevoflurane, in random order. After the establishment of a steady state concentration of the first volatile anesthetic agent, a 3-min period was allowed for the agent to exert its effect and a second series of four Zrs measurements were performed. Zrs recordings were repeated 8 and 13 min after the establishment of a steady state of 1 MAC. The first volatile anesthetic agent was then discontinued, and the maintenance of anesthesia was switched to the second volatile agent. After ensuring the clearance of the first anesthetic agent and the establishment of a steady state concentration with the second volatile anesthetic at 1 MAC, sets of Zrs measurements were performed at 3, 8, and 13 min, similar to the first phase.
Estimation of the sample size was performed using the nQuery Advisor 4.0 software (Statistical Solutions Ltd., Boston, MA). Based on our previous investigations in children,25 a sample size of 20 in each group will have 95% power to detect a difference in means between 6.0 and 7.20 cm H2O · s/l (20% difference), assuming that the common SD is 1.0 cm H2O · s/l using a two-group t test with a 0.050 two-sided significance level. Blocked randomization was obtained using a computer-generated random number, and randomization was concealed until clinical procedures were initiated.
Data were successfully collected in all patients (including demographic and oscillatory parameters), with no missing values in the statistical analysis. Because the procedural data proved to be normally distributed as analyzed by the Shapiro-Wilk test, data are reported as mean ± SE. The demographic differences between the protocol groups were assessed by using t tests for the continuous variables (age, weight, height) and chi-square test for categorical data (sex). Two-way repeated-measures analysis of variance using a linear mixed model was used to test significance with two within-subject factors: the time and the group assignment of the children. For pairwise comparisons, 95% confidence intervals for the differences were computed by taking into account the significant interactions between the factors. The relative changes in the mechanical parameters were compared by using one-way analysis of variance tests. The Student-Newman-Keuls test was used for post hoc comparisons. P < 0.05 was considered significant. SigmaStat (Systat Software Inc., Richmond, CA) and SAS (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC) statistical software packages were used for the tests.
The measurement protocol was successfully completed in all 40 children enrolled in the study. Demographic data are depicted in table 1. There was no difference in any of the demographic parameters between the protocol groups.
Airway and respiratory tissue parameters are shown in figure 1for the children with normal and hyperreactive airways during propofol anesthesia and 13 min after inhalations of desflurane and sevoflurane. At the initial phase of the protocol when the children were anesthetized with propofol, the parameters Rn, G, and H were significantly elevated in the children with AS. Two-way analysis of variance revealed that the anesthetic agent (propofol, sevoflurane, desflurane) had statistically significant effects on the levels of the mechanical parameters (P < 0.001 for all), with no significant interaction between the anesthetic agent and the order of their administration. However, the presence of AS statistically significantly affected all of the respiratory mechanical parameters (P < 0.001), with statistically significant interactions between the presence of AS and the anesthetic agent (P < 0.001). Independent of the presence of AS, administration of sevoflurane had no statistically significant effects on the mechanical parameters relative to their levels obtained during propofol anesthesia if the order of anesthetic drugs was distinguished. In contrast, desflurane induced marked and statistically significant elevations in all respiratory mechanical parameters, particularly in Rn, with greater increases in the children with BHR. Because neither the order of the administration of the anesthetic volatile agents (P = 0.55, P = 0.93, P = 0.97, and P = 0.97 for Rn, I, G, and H, respectively) nor the time elapsed after their administration had an effect on the magnitude of their action on respiratory mechanics, the results obtained from each group for the two inhalation agents were pooled and are presented in figure 2. These pooled data exhibit minor but statistically significant beneficial effects of sevoflurane when compared with propofol; in contrast, desflurane induced marked and statistically significant elevation in airway and respiratory tissue parameters, with substantially greater effects in children with AS. Analysis of variance revealed significant time effect (P < 0.001 for all parameters except I with sevoflurane, where P = 0.25) and that the presence of AS had significant effects on the levels of the mechanical parameters (P < 0.001). Furthermore, there was a statistically significant interaction between the factors time and the presence of AS for Rn (P < 0.001 for both sevoflurane and desflurane) and G (P = 0.006 and P = 0.012 for sevoflurane and desflurane, respectively), whereas the interaction was significant for I only with desflurane (P < 0.001), and no significant interaction between these factors was observed for H.
Fig. 2. Airway resistance (Rn), inertance (I), and tissue damping (G) and elastance (H) in children with normal airways ( open symbols ) and/or with airway susceptibility (AS , closed symbols ). Data are pooled independently of the order of administration of the volatile agents and presented during propofol (Prop) and at 3, 8, and 13 min after administration of sevoflurane ( A ) and desflurane ( B ). Data are mean ± SEM (n = 20 in each group) . *P < 0.05 versus propofol within a group . # P < 0.05, normal versus AS.
The changes in the airway and respiratory tissue parameters at 13 min after the administration of the volatile anesthetics relative to their baseline levels (propofol administration) are shown in figure 3. In both groups of children, minor but statistically significant decreases were observed in the mechanical parameters during sevoflurane administration. In contrast, desflurane induced moderate and statistically significant increases in Rn (18.2 ± 2.8%), I (15.1 ± 2.1%), G (24.1 ± 3.5%), and H (7.8 ± 1.7%) in children with normal airways. However, in children with AS, greater increases were observed in Rn (53.9 ± 5%) and I (30.8 ± 3.9%), whereas the elevations in G (21.9 ± 3.3%) and H (9.8 ± 2.8%) were comparable to those observed in the children with normal airways.
Figure 4demonstrates the changes in Rn after administration of the anesthetic volatile agents in the subgroups of children with AS. Children in both subgroups exhibited no statistically significant changes in Rn during sevoflurane inhalations, whereas desflurane caused significant increases in the Rn. In addition, table 2depicts the values for Rn at the different assessment periods for children with doctor-diagnosed asthma with relation to the randomization to the anesthetic agent and to whether children received salbutamol therapy on day of surgery. The small number of patients does not allow any statistical analysis; however, children who received salbutamol on the day of surgery exhibited higher airway resistance values than those who did not.
The results of the current study demonstrated that children with susceptible airways exhibited elevated airway and respiratory tissue mechanical parameters during propofol anesthesia compared with those obtained in similar-age children with normal airways. Changing the anesthetic management to sevoflurane led to mild improvements in the mechanical parameters of the respiratory system in all children with no impact from the presence of AS on the relative changes in respiratory mechanics. In contrast to the effects of sevoflurane, administering desflurane at any time during the anesthesia resulted in marked increases in all respiratory mechanical parameters, with substantially greater adverse changes in the airway mechanics in the children with AS. These marked adverse changes were independent of the underlying clinical status (asthma or upper respiratory tract infection) leading to AS.
We enrolled preschool children with no history of pulmonary disease and children with a recent upper respiratory tract infection and/or doctor-diagnosed asthma with a history of wheezing in the past 12 months. Because no reliable routine lung function tests are available in this age group, we were unable to perform provocation tests to confirm the presence of BHR. Nevertheless, it has been well demonstrated that older children with these clinical features exhibit enhanced airway reactivity to exogenous constrictor stimuli.6,29 Therefore, it can be expected that children enrolled to our AS group would exert greater responses to exogenous stimuli compared with healthy controls. This assumption was confirmed by the elevated baseline airway and tissue mechanical parameters obtained during propofol anesthesia. Another important feature that may lead to BHR is passive smoking. Unfortunately, in our study group, we only have two children in the control and three in the AS group with history of parental smoking. These small figures preclude any exact statistical analysis of this confounding factor and will be a subject of future investigations. Moreover, children in the AS group were quite heterogeneous in regard to their degree of airway reactivity; hence, some of the children received salbutamol on the day of surgery, whereas others did not (table 2). If salbutamol had affected the interaction between airway reactivity and inhalational anesthetics, one might have expected an equal or smaller resistance in those treated with salbutamol. Because children who received salbutamol demonstrated a 10–15% greater airway resistance than those who did not, it would be unlikely that salbutamol increased the resistance directly or interacted with the inhalational anesthetics. Therefore, it is unlikely that the inclusion of these children might have introduced a systematic error or bias.
The study design required establishing basal levels of respiratory mechanics for comparison with values obtained during the administration of volatile anesthetics. Ideally, these basal values should have been collected without administration of any anesthetic agents. However, the measurement of low-frequency Zrs data assumes apneic conditions that do not prevail without paralysis and accompanying anesthesia. Propofol was chosen as the baseline anesthetic condition because this agent has been demonstrated to protect from the vagally mediated bronchoconstriction that can occur after tracheal intubation.30 In addition, this agent exerts identical effects in children with and without AS,31 guaranteeing the validity of baseline measurements.
The mechanical parameters derived from the low-frequency Zrs data provide a noninvasive technique to estimate airway and tissue mechanical variables separately.25,32 Because changes in the respiratory system are expected to affect both the airway and tissue compartments, this approach was considered as an appropriate and sensitive technique to characterize the changes in the lungs during propofol anesthesia and after the administration of volatile agents. Consistent with this, we were able to obtain Zrs data in all children enrolled in the current study, and the model fitted well to Zrs spectra obtained from both groups of children under all anesthetic regimens (fitting errors ranging between 2.1% and 5.3%, with no difference between the conditions). Although this is the first study to report airway and constant-phase respiratory tissue parameters in healthy children, the current data exhibit good agreement with those obtained previously in children with congenital heart disease.25,26 The parameters obtained from Zrs spectra in the current study combine mechanical properties of the lungs and chest wall. Previous findings in children indicate that the pulmonary system provides the majority of the Rn and I (more than 90%), whereas the chest wall contributes substantially to G and H (approximately 40%).26 Therefore, it is likely that the airway parameters were estimated accurately from the Zrs data in our children, whereas the total respiratory G and H underestimated the changes in the lung tissue parameters. We assumed that this masking of the chest-wall parameters was similar between the two groups of children and remained constant after the administration of inhalation agents in the presence of muscle relaxation.26
Changes in Rn and I reflect geometrical alterations in the airways or can also be a consequence of the changes in the viscosity or density of the resident gas. Anesthetic inhalation agents administered at 1 MAC have slightly lower viscosity values (0.9% for sevoflurane and 1.7% for desflurane) but substantially greater density values (10.9% for sevoflurane and 22.4% for desflurane) than the 50% oxygen mixture alone.33 Based on physical principles, Rn is influenced by the viscosity of the resident gas during laminar flow conditions, while density also affects this parameter only if the flow is turbulent. Altered density is directly reflected in the changes in I. Therefore, to distinguish the effects of the physical properties of the gas and the active changes in the airway geometry, we performed a model experiment where only the former was changed. Our simple lung model demonstrating similar mechanical parameters to those obtained in the children consisted of a 10-cm, 8-mm-ID tube filled with many small 8-gauge tubes (acting as an “airway” compartment) and a silicon bellow in series (acting as a “tissue” compartment), ”ventilated” and measured during identical flow conditions to those followed in the our clinical protocol. The measurements revealed the relative constancy of Rn, G, and H when the resident anesthetic mixture was altered, whereas the parameter I reflected the differences in the density of the anesthetic gas (fig. 5). These results provide experimental evidence that the changes in Rn were almost exclusively related to geometric changes in the tracheobronchial tree (the minor increase in Rn with desflurane was probably due to the involvement of some flow nonlinearity), whereas those in I reflected primarily the difference in physical properties of the resident gas. Furthermore, the presence of the anesthetic agents did not modify the estimates of G and H in the model, suggesting that the changes observed in the patients were related to alterations in the viscoelastic properties of the respiratory system, and the elevations in G in excess of that in H could be related to enhanced ventilation heterogeneities.34
Fig. 5. Model parameters obtained from measurements of a mechanical lung model ventilated with 50% oxygen and during the same amount of volatile anesthetics given to children in the current study. Data are mean ± SEM . *P < 0.05 versus 50% oxygen . # P < 0.05 versus sevoflurane (Sevo). Des = desflurane; G = tissue damping; H = tissue elastance; I = airway inheritance; Rn = airway resistance .
Although the effects of sevoflurane on the respiratory system have been investigated intensively in animal experiments11–14,35 and in studies in adult patients,9,15 data relating to lung mechanics during sevoflurane anesthesia in children are scarce.17,36 Furthermore, in these previous pediatric settings,17,36 global respiratory mechanics were measured and the changes in the airway and tissue properties were not separated. In the current study, the mild bronchodilation effect of sevoflurane produced moderate decreases in Rn and I in both groups (fig. 3). These changes were associated with small but significant decreases in respiratory tissue parameters and could have been a consequence of the bronchodilation effect that facilitated lung recruitment by keeping the small bronchi patent. Nevertheless, these statistically significant differences obtained during sevoflurane anesthesia are likely to have a minor impact on clinical outcomes. The mild bronchodilatory effect of sevoflurane that we observed in children with and without AS is the first confirmation of similar results obtained in adults,9,15 and in experimental settings where sevoflurane protects from or reverses lung constriction in normal11–14 and sensitized animals.35
Although desflurane is increasingly used in children because of its low solubility and fast action,37,38 we are unaware of any previous study assessing the changes in respiratory mechanics in children after administration of this anesthetic agent. The most striking findings of the current study were the adverse changes in the airway and tissue mechanics observed during desflurane anesthesia, independent of the preexisting respiratory mechanical condition (i.e. , the order of administration of the agents and the underlying clinical symptoms). The adverse airway effects were significantly exaggerated in children with AS, whereas the presence of AS had no influence on the desflurane-induced increases in respiratory tissue parameters. This changing pattern can be explained by the potential of this agent to induce airway narrowing reflected by the increase in Rn and I, particularly in children with AS who are more sensitive to the irritative nature of desflurane.9,39,40 The bronchoconstriction likely included the peripheral airways, because the proportionally greater increases in G than H suggest the development of ventilation heterogeneities in the lung periphery,34 although intrinsic changes in lung tissue viscoelasticity might also have been involved in these changes. It is noteworthy that the airways of children with recent upper respiratory tract infection behaved the same way than those of children with asthma, indicating that both conditions lead to an AS of apparently similar nature and exhibit an enhanced response to desflurane.
The current study provides objective and systematic measurements of airway and respiratory tissue mechanics in children with normal lungs and with AS. The results show the beneficial profile of sevoflurane on the respiratory system mechanics independent of the clinical status of the child, whereas the deleterious effects of desflurane were apparent in all children, although with a markedly exaggerated airway narrowing in children with susceptible airways. We therefore conclude that the use of desflurane should be avoided in the anesthesia of children who exhibit a clinical history of recent upper airway infection or any other pulmonary disease that may be associated with AS.
The authors thank all the children and their families who participated in this study and Joan Etlinger, B.A. (Secretary, Department of Anesthesia, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland), for editorial assistance.
Extent and Localization of Changes in Upper Airway Caliber with Varying Concentrations of Sevoflurane in Children
We have emailed you at with instructions on how to set up a new password. If you do not receive an email in the next 24 hours, or if you misplace your new password, please contact:
...but there is no email account associated with it. To get started with Anesthesiology, we'll need to send you an email.
Forgot your password? Enter your username and email address. We'll send you a link to reset your password.
Forgot your username? Enter your email address. We'll send you your username identified by your email account.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our privacy policy. | Accept
In this season premiere, Rick and his group make a risky run into Washington, D.C. to search for artifacts ...
In the Season 4 premiere, Kara welcomes a new cub reporter to CatCo; James and Lena argue about James' ...
Set three years after overcoming the global famine, the season premiere sees the U.S. Navy prepare to ...
In a wacky Rhode Island town, a dysfunctional family strive to cope with everyday life as they are thrown ...
A political drama which looks into the life of the Secretary of State as she tries to balance work with ...
Ray Donovan, a professional "fixer" for the rich and famous in Los Angeles, can make anyone's problems ...
He completed his MBBS in 1989 at the National University of Singapore, MRCP in 1993 at the at the Royal College of Physicians, UK, and FAMS (Gastroenterology) in 1999 at the Academy of Medicine, Singapore.
Dr Dede Selamat Sutedja offers comprehensive diagnostic tests as well as therapeutic services ranging from treatment of dypepsia, food intolerances, irritable bowel syndrome, and GERD (Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease). Conditions he treats also include constipation, diarrhoea, dyspepsia, fatty liver, Hepatitis B & C, inflammatory bowel disease, liver cirrhosis and cancer, and rectal bleeding. He performs colonoscopy, endoscopic removal of bile duct stones and bile duct stent insertion, ERCP (Imaging of the gallbladder/ bile ducts), OGD (oesophago-gastroduodenoscopy / gastroscopy), and the therapeutic endoscopic removal of polyps or early tumours of the gastrointestinal tract. Dr Dede also performs enteroscopy, endoscopy therapy for gastro-intestinal bleeding, percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy and immunotherapy for inflammatory bowel diseases, colorectal cancer. He has continuous treatment programmes for chronic Hepatitis B & C, fatty liver, drug induced liver injury, liver cancer and liver transplantation.
Dr Dede Selamat Sutedja was the expert witness for the SLIM 10 drug-induced liver failure case that involved Singaporean celebrity Andrea de Cruz. He has authored and co-authored various local & overseas medical journals, especially on the treatments of various types of liver diseases, including giving numerous public talks on these subjects in languages that he is proficient with, namely English, Mandarin, Bahasa Indonesia/ Malay.
Between 1999 and 2001, Dr Dede Selamat Sutedja was awarded 2 scholarships by the Ministry of Health - firstly at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Birmingham UK, to undergo specialized training in hepatology & liver transplantation, which then was followed by an advanced training in therapeutic & complex endoscopic procedures at the renowned Amsterdam Medical Centre in Holland. He served as a specialist in internal medicine, gastroenterology and hepatology for almost 20 years in Singapore's restructured hospitals. Prior to joining Gleneagles Hospital, Dr Dede Selamat Sutedja's last appointment was as senior consultant in National University Hospital for many years.
Dr Dede Selamat Sutedja is known for his empathic and personalised care for his patients, as recognized at the national level by the many Gold Medallist Service Awards he received from Spring Singapore for his outstanding service. He is compassionate & passionate about his healing profession, ensuring close rapport and effective communication with all his patients, who can be assured of cost-effective therapy that is delivered with Dr DedeSelamat Sutedja’s unique special touch.
Dr Cheng Jun is a Gastroenterologist at Cheng Jun Gastroenterology & Medical Clinic, Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre. He is also a Visiting Consultant at Singapore General Hospital.
Dr Cheng Jun completed his MBBS in 1979 at the University of Malaya, Malaysia, MRCP (Int Med) in 1983 at the Royal College of Physicians, U.K and FAMS (Gastroenterology) in 1987 at the Academy of Medicine, Singapore.
Dr Cheng Jun is multilingual and speaks several languages such as English, Shanghainese, Cantonese, Bahasa. Some of the clinic services involves ERCP, therapeutic gastroscopy, colonoscopy, variceal banding, PEG, oesophageal dilation & stenting.
He completed his MBBS in 1980 at the University of Singapore, MRCP (Int Med) in 1985 at the at the Royal College of Physicians, UK, MMed (Int Med) in 1986 at the National University of Singapore, MRCP (Int Med) in 1986 and FRCP (Int Med) in 1994 at the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland.
Dr Roland Chong Siong Eng was the Deputy Director, and subsequently Director of the Endoscopy Centre at Singapore General Hospital from 1993 to 1996.
In 1990, he won the Asia Pacific Association's Young Investigators' prize for Study of the Liver for the paper presentation entitled, “The relationship between Alcohol, Lipids and Apolipoproteins.”
Dr Roland Chong Siong Eng was a Co-Chairman of the Ministry of Health Practice Guidelines on the Management of Hepatitis B, as well as Chairman of a similar guideline on the use of antibiotics. He is currently a member of the Editorial Committee and Editor of the section on Gastroenterology in the Guidelines on the Use of Steroids in General Practice.
He was also formerly president of the gastroenterological society of Singapore, executive member of the Asia Pacific Association for Gastroenterology and member of the specialist training committee on Gastroenterology.
Dr Roland Chong Siong Eng is presently Chairman of the Chapter of Gastroenterologists with the College of Physicians in Singapore. He is also a member of the National Advisory Committee on Gastroenterology, Ministry of Health and member of the Medical Expert Panel for the Surbodinate Courts Mediation Service.
Dr Sebastian Leong Kwai San has more than 30 years of experience. His clinic is located in Gleneagles Hospital and specialises in Gastroenterology.
- Treatment of diseases in the gastrointestinal tract (from mouth to anus along the alimentary canal)
Dr Kelvin Thia Teck Joo strives to adopt an individualized approach to manage patients’ gastrointestinal concerns and problems, taking into account their specific needs, and tailoring treatment for the best outcomes.
He believes that his fellowship training - Advanced GI Fellowship in IBD - in the Mayo Clinic (USA) as well as clinical and research experience in this field have enabled him to assess and treat optimally patients with the diagnosis of Inflammatory Bowel Disease (Crohn’s and Ulcerative colitis).
Dr Yeo Chong Meng is an accredited Gastroenterologist who is well versed in treating gastrointestinal disorders and liver diseases. He had undergone advanced subspecialty training in Hepatology and Liver Transplantation in Yale-New Haven Hospital, USA in 2010 on a scholarship awarded to him by the Ministry of Health.
Dr Yeo is now practicing at the Digestive and Liver Specialist Centre, Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital. He provides specialist assessment and treatment for a wide range of digestive tract disorders which includes the oesophagus, stomach, small intestine, colon, liver, pancreas and gallbladder. He also offers the diagnostic and therapeutic gastroscopy and colonoscopy.
Dr Vincent Lai Wai Kwan was a recipient of the prestigious Medical Research Council Clinical Training Fellowship from 2002 to 2005. He obtained his Ph.D. degree from the University of Birmingham in 2007, investigating the liver immunity in viral hepatitis. Whilst in England, he obtained accreditation from the Specialist Accreditation Board in gastroenterology and worked as a Consultant in a teaching hospital before his return to Singapore.
Dr Vincent Lai was a Consultant Gastroenterologist at the National University Hospital (NUH), Singapore from 2008 to 2010. He was part of the acute liver failure faculty in the Asia Pacific Study of Liver Disease group. In 2011, Dr Lai joined the Asian American Liver Centre (formerly known as Asian Centre for Liver Diseases & Transplantation) as a Consultant from 2011 to Aug 2014.
Dr Vincent Lai’s clinical interests are in liver failure, viral hepatitis and liver transplantation. He is also trained in therapeutic endoscopy and ERCP. Dr Lai’s research interests are on the adaptive and innate immunity in patients with liver disease particularly in patients with viral hepatitis and liver failure.
Dr Ooi Choon Jin is Gastroenterologist practicing at Gleneagles. He received his MBBS from the National University of Singapore in 1989. He then attained MRCP from the Royal College of Physicians, United Kingdom in 1994 and FAMS - Fellowship of the Academy Medicine from Academy of Medicine, Singapore in 2001. Dr Ooi Choon Jin speaks English and Mandarin.
Dr Ooi Choon Jin is a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh. From 1998 to 2000, he trained at the Gastrointestinal Unit at Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School
His main areas of academic interest include ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s disease, malabsorption and Helicobacter pylori related disorders. His clinical interests include all aspects of gastroenterology, hepatology and nutrition. He routinely performs diagnostic and therapeutic gastroscopy, colonoscopy, balloon assisted enteroscopy and capsule endoscopy.
Dr Ooi Choon Jin worked as Head of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Department at Singapore General Hospital from 2000-2012. He also served as Clinical Associate Professor at the Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine at National University of Singapore. Currently, he continues as Adjunct Associate Professor at the Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School. Since 2012, Dr Ooi Choon Jin is a Gastroenterologist at Gleneagles Medical Centre and a Visiting Consultant to the Inflammatory Bowel Disease Centre at Singapore General Hospital.
Dr Ooi Choon Jin has published in various journals such as the Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Pathology, Annals of Academic Medicine (Singapore), Singapore Medical Journal, Inflammatory Bowel Disease, Gastroenterology, Current Opinion in Gastroenterology and the International Journal of Radiation Oncology, Biology and Physics.
Dr Jarrod Lee is an internationally recognized endoscopist, and routinely incorporates advanced imaging and therapeutics into general endoscopy. He is a member of several regional groups dedicated to developing advanced endoscopy in Asia. He continues to support the public sector as a Visiting Consultant in Endoscopy, where he perform advanced procedures for complex cases, and trains the next generation of endoscopists.
Dr Lee also has a special interest in: gastrointestinal cancer screening and prevention, and in common digestive tract and liver disorders in the community. He speaks widely on the subjects, and is one of the most sought after speakers and writers in the primary care community. He is the youngest ever guest speaker for the major companies in the specialty.
Dr Lui Hock Foong is a gastroenterologist practicing at Gleneagles Hospital, Singapore. He specializes in digestive disorders and liver transplant for liver diseases such as liver cancer and liver failure. He completed his MBBS from the National University of Singapore in 1990. He then underwent his postgraduate training in Internal Medicine with the Ministry of Health in Singapore, before leaving for the United Kingdom for his advanced specialty training.
In London, Dr Lui Hock Foong trained in gastroenterology and hepatology at the Lister Postgraduate Institute, the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, the Scottish Liver Transplant Unit and the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital.
He is the chairman of the National Foundation of Digestive Disease, the secretary of the Chapter of Gastroenterology of the Academy of Medicine of Singapore, a member of the Asia Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver Working Party on Portal Hypertension, a member of the Ministry of Health (Singapore) Working Party on Hepatitis B and Hepatocellular Carcinoma and is a past editor of GutViews, the publication arm of the Gastroenterological Society of Singapore.
His present practice deals with treating common and complex disorders of the digestive tract and liver, undertaking diagnostic and therapeutic endoscopy and he has special interests in chronic hepatitis, liver cirrhosis, portal hypertension and liver transplantation. Dr Lui Hock Foong speaks several languages such as English, Mandarin, Malay, and Bahasa Indonesia.
Dr Lui Hock Foong has received several awards, such as Beecham Book Prize for Anatomy, The Hoops Medal for Obstetrics & Gynaecology, and Seah Cheng Siang for Best Free Paper of the 17th Annual Scientific Meeting of the Gastroenterological Society of Singapore in 2000.
In addition to clinical practice, he is active in the field of Gastroenterology & Hepatology nationally and regionally. He is the Chairman of the National Foundation for Digestive Disease, the Secretary of the Chapter of Gastroenterology, College of Physicians of Singapore, Social Chairperson of the Organising committee of the Asia Pacific Digestive Disease Week 2011, Member of the Scientific Committee of the Asia Pacific Association of Liver Disease Meeting 2013. He was also Scientific Chairman of the Gastroenterological Society of Singapore and Editor of GutViews. He currently sits in the Ministry of Health Singapore Workgroups on Hepatitis B and Hepatocellular Carcinoma and the Asia Pacific Association for Study of Liver (APASL) Working Party on Portal Hypertension and Acute Variceal Bleeding.
Dr Yim Heng Boon is a Gastroenterologist practicing at Yim Gastroenterology Liver & Endoscopy Centre, Mount Elizabeth Novena Specialist Centre, Singapore. Dr Yim Heng Boon completed his MBBS MBBS degree in Medicine from the National University of Singapore in 1990 and the MRCP Master’s degree from the Royal College of Physicians (UK) in 1996. In 1999, he was awarded the Ministry of Health’s scholarship in Advanced Endoscopy at the Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Boston, USA.
Dr Yim Heng Boon is multilingual and speaks English, Mandarin, Hokkien, Malay. Dr Yim Heng Boon was a Deputy Head at The Deputy Head, Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Tan Tock Seng Hospital, Singapore and he was the Director of Endoscopy Centre, Tan Tock Seng Hospital, Singapore.
In 2007, he was awarded a second scholarship in Endoscopic Surgery for Early Gastric Cancer at the National Cancer Centre, Tokyo, Japan. Dr Yim Heng Boon was also awarded with several awards, such as: Excellent Service Award (EXSA), Silver Award, 2004, Excellent Service Award (EXSA), Gold Award, 2005, and Excellent Service Award (EXSA), Star Award, 2006.
Dr Yim is Adjunct Assistant Professor, Faculty of Medicine, National University of Singapore and continues to contribute in the teaching of medical undergraduates and junior doctors. He was previously a member of the expert panel for the Institute of Family Medicine. In 2007, he was appointed Visiting Honorary Lecturer to the Faculty of Medicine, University of North Sumatra, Indonesia. He was also appointed Visiting Associate Professor to Vietnam Ministry of Health Choray Hospital since 2010.
His work involves all general gastroenterology and hepatology cases, including oesophageal, gastric, liver, pancreatic and bowel cancers, peptic ulcer disease, large and small bowel diseases (including inflammatory bowel diseases), gallstone disease, functional gut disorders, irritable bowel syndrome, gastro-oesophageal reflux disease, acute and chronic hepatitis (including hepatitis A, B, C, D, E), fatty liver, liver cirrhosis and liver failure.
Dr Andrea Rajnakova is a Gastroenterologist at the Andrea's Digestive, Colon, Liver And Gallbladder Clinic Pte Ltd in Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre.
She completed her MD in 1992 at the Apothecaries Hall of Dublin, Ireland, PhD in 2000 and MMed (Int Med) in 2001 at the National University of Singapore and MRCP in 2002 at the Royal College of Physicians, UK.
Dr Andrea Rajnakova is a multilingual and speaks several languages such as English, Russian, Czech, Slovak. Her works involves Gastroscopy, Test for Helicobacter pylori, Capsule Endoscopy, Gastrointestinal Problems, Colon Cancer Screening and many others.
She has received several awards such as in 2007 Sunny-Side-Up Award NUH Service Award, Sunny-Side-Up Wow Award NUH Service Award and Excellent Service GOLD Award 2007 and in 2008 National Excellent Service EXSA Star Award 2008.
Prior to setting up her private practice at Mount Elizabeth Hospital, Singapore, in 2010, Dr Andrea Rajnakova practiced at National University Hospital since 1995. Dr Rajnakova joined National University Hospital and National University of Singapore as a NUS PhD scholar in 1995. She completed PhD thesis on Gastric Cancer in 2000. The results of her research studies were published in multiple international journals and she actively presented her research at international conferences. Dr Rajnokova's research work was awarded by several prestigious awards such as The Young Doctor’s Research Award at NUH Inaugural Annual Scientific Meeting, Singapore, in 1997 and the Best Paper Award for oral presentation at the Nitric Oxide Symposium in Singapore in 1999. In 2009, she was a Winner of Best Oral Presentation in Medical Disciplines at 8th Annual Scientific Congress of National Health Group in 2009.
During Dr Rajnokavo's clinical posting at National University Hospital, she obtained Master of Internal Medicine in Singapore, Membership of the Royal Colleges of Physicians of the UK, MRCP and the Fellowship of the Academy of Singapore in Gastroenterology (FAMS). Dr Rajnakova’s passion and main interest is in therapeutic endoscopy. In 2008 she was awarded a Health Manpower Development Plan (HMDP) by the Ministry of Health Singapore for further training in Therapeutic Endoscopy and ERCP at European Endoscopic Training Center, Gemelli Hospital in Rome, Italy under Professor Guido Costamagna, President of European Society of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy. Her clinical expertise and passion for her work and patients were recognized by several clinical awards. In 2008, she received the National Excellent Service EXSA Star Award. In 2007, Dr Rajnakova received the NUH Sunny-Side-Up Award, NUH Sunny-Side-Up Wow Award and Excellent Service Gold Award. Dr Rajnokova as a clinical tutor at Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine enjoyed also teaching undergraduate and postgraduate students. She was also a mentor and endoscopy trainer for advanced specialists and endoscopy trainees. She was appointed as a chief coordinator for clinical part of postgraduate exams in Internal Medicine MRCP PACES in 2009.
Dr Desmond Wai completed his MBBS in 1994 and MMed (Intl Med) in 1998 at the National University of Singapore. He also completed his MRCP (Intl Med) in 1998 at the Royal College of Physicians, UK.
Dr Desmond Wai is bilingual and speaks both English and Mandarin, and his works involve a focus in liver and digestive diseases. He has provided liver transplant care to over 100 live donor liver transplant patients. Dr. Desmond Wai is a frequent speaker at local and regional medical conferences on liver diseases, liver transplantation, as well as on other aspects of digestive diseases. Dr Wai's interviews and articles, covering various topics in on liver and digestive diseases, are also frequently featured in local and international media. Dr. Desmond Wai had received numerous awards such as the Young Clinician Award, Digestive Disease Week Thailand (1999), Heath Manpower Development Programme Fellowship (2002), 8th Congress of Asian Society of Transplantation: The Transplantation Society Travel Scholarship (2003) and Singapore National Day Award for Overcoming SARS-Commendation Medal (2003). His most recent award was the Mother Theresa Award, given by National Public Library, Dhaka, Bangladesh 2011, for his contribution in the field of Hepatology.
Dr Lim Chee Chian is a Gastroenterologist practicing at Gleneagles Hospital, Singapore. He graduated from the National University of Singapore and receive his MBBS in 1986. He completed his post-graduate clinical training in Interventional Endoscopy and Endoscopic Laser Therapy at the National Medical Laser Centre/Middlesex Hospital in London in the United Kingdom from 1995-1996.
Dr Lim Chee Chian was the Head of Gastroenterology Unit, The Department of General Medicine in Tan Tock Seng Hospital from 1999 to 2004. He was also a Supervisor for Advanced Specialty Training in Gastroenterology Clinical Senior Lecturer at the National University of Singapore. In addition, he was also an Honorary Treasurer, Vice President at the Gastroenterological Society of Singapore before he finally he became the President of Gastroenterological Society of Singapore from 2001-2003.
Dr Lim Chee Chian was a member of several associations & societies such as Gastroenterological Society of Singapore, Specialist Training Committee for Gastroenterology, Ministry of Health.
Dr Lim Chee Chian is multilingual and speaks English, Mandarin, Hokkien, Teochew, Cantonese. He is accredited in several hospitals, such as Gleneagles Hospital, Mount Elizabeth Hospital, Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital, and Parkway East Hospital.
Dr Tan Chi Chiu is as a Gastroenterologist at Gastroenterology and Medicine International in Gleneagles Medical Centre.
He completed his MBBS in 1983 at the National University of Singapore, MRCP (Int Med) in 1988 at the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland, MRCP(Int Med) in 1988 at the Royal Colleges of Physicians, UK, MMed (Int Med) in 1988 at the National University of Singapore, and FAMS (Gastroenterology) in 1993 at the Academy of Medicine, Singapore.
Dr Tan Chi Chiu trained at the Singapore General Hospital and National University Hospital in Singapore and spent two years in the United Kingdom (affiliated to the University of Nottingham) as an advanced specialist trainee in therapeutic endoscopy and laser endoscopy. He was also attached to the Endoscopy Department of the Academic Medical Centre in Amsterdam for enhanced exposure to techniques of Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangio-Pancreatography (ERCP). Dr Tan was appointed Consultant in Gastroenterology and Medicine in the Department of General Medicine at Tan Tock Seng Hospital in 1995, where he went on to found and head the Gastroenterology Unit. He was also Chairman of the Endoscopy Committee of the hospital.
Dr Tan Chi Chiu has conducted original research in Gastroenterology and Hepatology and published many articles in peer reviewed medical journals. He is an elected member of the Singapore Medical Council, where he is the Chairman of the Ethics Committee.
In addition to that, Dr Tan Chi Chiu is an active and well-known figure in the youth development and community service scene in Singapore, having been involved in numerous overseas humanitarian, scientific and community aid expeditions to countries such as Indonesia, Laos, India, Mongolia and Chile. He has received several awards for his work in this area including the Singapore Youth Award (Youth Development/Community Service) in 1996 and both the Excellence for Singapore Award and the Commonwealth Youth Programme Asia Award for Excellence in Youth Work in 1997. His 'Operasi Raleigh Batam' project won the Pan-Commonwealth Youth Service Award in 1998. Dr Tan led the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) medical missions to the Philippines earthquake disaster in 1990 and to the Gulf War in 1991. For these he was decorated with the SAF's Overseas Service (Non-operational) Medal (Philippines earthquake) and the SAF Overseas Service (Operational) Medal (Gulf War). He also received the British Gulf War Medal and the Saudi Arabian King Abdul Aziz Medal.
There is a dull and heavy abnormal noise at the joint between cylinder and crankcase. And the noise will be greater when the engine is loading more. If the noise is sured caused by error of axial clearances, then you can remove the crankcase and use the special tools to take out the 304 bearing on the right cankcase, and use the seal gasket from right cover of cyclinder to make a suitable paper with thickness about 40mm and then put it in the right crank handle, then mount 304 bearing canada goose outlet andl compress it tightly, then the axial clearances will be changed.
buy canada goose jacket If it a convenient and outstanding location you are looking for, ours is tough to beat. Right in the heart canada goose outlet toronto location of Cold Lake, and in close proximity to an array of arts, museums, dining and entertainment. The Lakeland Inn is a complete full service hotel: 24 hour Reception, 121 well appointed Rooms, Wi Fi, Business Centre, impressive Event Facilities, 2 great Restaurants, Lounge, Sports Bar, Fitness Facility, and lots canada goose outlet store uk more. buy canada goose jacket
canada goose clearance A homes appearance is often times the deciding factor in a decision to buy or not. This is the reason canada goose outlet black friday sale that you hear so many real estate agents and investor’s talking about what they call “curb appeal” The way a home looks from the or curb is usually all a home needs to be bought or sold. You would be surprised at the difference canada goose outlet washington dc the appearance makes on an appraiser.. canada goose clearance
Canada Goose Online Breakups are complicated canada goose outlet store near me on everyone experiencing it. It can be shocking and can actually make you depressed. Fortunately, regardless of how terrible the breakup seems at the moment, you can still resolve the problem and successfully discover how to get your boyfriend back canada goose uk after the relationship has ended. Canada Goose Online
Canada Goose canada goose victoria parka outlet online In general terms some people describe the major scale sound as canada goose outlet legit happy and the minor scale sound as dark. For example the first three notes of the Star Spangled Banner in the key of G is E, B, G or major 5th, major 3rd, and root note. The first three notes of Smoke On The Water, in the key canada goose outlet kokemuksia of E is E, G, A or root note, minor 3rd, and 4th. Canada Goose online
buy canada goose jacket cheap Alzheimers was one of the most difficult diseases there is deal with emotionally as far as I am concerned. Thanks for the information. I hadn’t heard of using coconut oil, of canada goose outlet paypal course it has been canada goose outlet 80 off several years since I worked in the field.. She was one of nearly 150 women to canada goose outlet edmonton sign an open letter in October calling out a pervasive culture of sexual harassment at the Capitol and said she herself has been the target of groping and inappropriate remarks by people in the building. canada goose outlet london uk On Monday, she spoke at a rally outside the Capitol in favour of legislation signed by Gov. Jerry Brown giving legislative staff members whistleblower protections for reporting sexual misconduct or other misbehaviour.. buy canada goose jacket cheap
Canada Goose Parka The colors, fonts, sizes, and layout of the website must be attractive to keep visitors engaged on the website. It helps to convert visitors into potential customer. When templates are ready then no need to waste time or rework on the website development process. canada goose outlet houston Canada Goose Parka
Canada Goose sale Feeling is indescribable and (it all thanks to the support and generosity that each and every one of you has shown, Johnny Bobbitt Jr. Wrote on a GoFundMe page. Continue to thank you every single day for the rest of my life. These programs were not just created by the modern economy; they have been in fact present in sacred books for the past 5,000 years. People are actually being taught these methods so that this knowledge can be preserved and also used in accordance with the times. At the end of the day, this kind of medicine proves to be more restoring than modern medicine.. Canada Goose sale
canada goose coats When I get into jacketstock the BIOS, all of my parts are detected, even all of my RAM. I can only get into the BIOS when my GPU is unplugged, however. I am using the integrated graphics on my i3 2120.. So to help you make up your mind on which game copy software to use, you shall definitely look for the most complete solution for making back ups. Some of the coolest backup softwares have the ability to backup your video DVD’s as well and to create video DVD’s from the video files you have (from divx, xvid to mp4). That means besides backing up video games from ( Xbox 360, Xbox, PS3, PS2, Nintendo Wii, Gamecube, PC, Dreamcast ) consoles, you will also be able to backup canada goose outlet toronto your favorite TV shows and movies.. canada goose coats
canada goose Finding the right keyword(s) is a vital success factor to insure the success of your marketing campaign, take note of that. Without doing extensive keyword research for your marketing campaign, you’ll not be making many sales. If you want to maximize campaigns, you’re going to have to invest time in finding the best keywords with a good amount of monthly searches and low competition canada goose.
Once you are familiar with the hazards the City of Grapevine faces, it is important to make a family plan. If a disaster struck today, would you be prepared to deal with it? Do you know your emergency contacts, what areas of your home are appropriate for severe weather sheltering, and where your family would meet if you were not together when disaster struck? Creating a family disaster preparedness plan is easy and takes only a few minutes.
The State of Texas developed an online planning template with instructions for families to use to prepare their individual family plan. The State of Texas planning template can be accessed through a website called Texas Prepares. Once completed, the family plan can be printed off and shared with others.
The KnoWhat2Do program in North Central Texas developed an online, printable application to assist you in creating your family plan. The KnoWhat2Do disaster planning template can be accessed through the KnoWhat2do website.
Great debate about literature between Owlgildy and Tail Red. I applaud Owlgildy for his discourse. Owlgildy is the literature monster. He has a literature fetish. Or Bungaku-zokusei. But he laments that literature has died today. According to his argument, because of light novels taking over Japan, especially among otaku, Akiba subculture, that “skin colored” girls on the book cover are everywhere in the book stores, even Kinokuniya in the United States. Yes, light novels are the culprit that killed the Japanese traditional literature or “pure literature” as they call it. Yes, we otaku who adore light novels are the one to blame. I also like light novels. It’s easy to read and funny too. They use the language we use, or otaku colloquial, yes zeitgeist thing. That’s why it’s so funny and get connected. That’s why we love it!
In the old time, people also said literature was dead. Ishihara Shintaro wrote “Taiyo No Kisetsu,” which became a social problem in the 1950s. He was using youth language then. But right now, light novels are even more graphic. “Sadistic Moon” oh my gosh, that light novel recently I read, really crazy. Can’t be animenized because too graphic. Man, that makes Ishihara’s novels even look like children books. Yes, festivity for skin colored girls. Yes, a lot of eros, teen eroticism, cutesy, or kawaii moe moe subculture, destroyed traditional Japanese literature. And Owlgildy is the defender of traditional Japanese literature. The Twintail, a guy actually, or Twintail wannabe, strikes down the owl of literature, or sage of literature, and then thus opens the new era of light novel, obliterates pure literature symbolically, which was sublime. It reminds me of Mishima‘s death.
Yes, the good old days when ppl wrote and appreciated pure literature, pure novels. But today, we worship defiled literature, which is light novels. Full of profanity, sacrilegious literature. That is our time, our youth. Taiyou-zoku is dead, and now mousou-zoku is alive!
Oh yes, Nietzsche once said, “God is dead.” Good bye to superstition and science and technology era opened. Now, literature is dead and bishoujo skin color literature has flooded the book stores and Book Offs. Yes, Hegel once said the Bible is the greatest literature. Yes, the Bible was the standard. But that has died. Thus, God is dead. Now, it’s the light novel praising zokusei, and yes, Twintails! That hairstyle can only be seen among cosplayers, maids, anime manga light novel 2D characters! Yes, that is new literature!
Yes, as the final defender of pure literature, Owlgildy’s final death cry would be surely inducted into the anime walk of fame. Just like Raoh from Fist of The North Star, “There is no single piece of regret in my entire life!” 我が生涯に一片の悔いなし！
Oh, I don’t know. I think literature might make a comeback, if we can spread the Dost(oevsky) obsession around the world again!
It’s Shirobako, the PA Works anime about an anime studio. It’s a quietly effective show and very realistic about working life. And the girls are cute too :)
I'm trying to use the female version of Malcolm on a 32bits Windows Vista system with 4 Go of ram with maya 2012.
But my system seems to be short on ram (crashes, no facial textures, missing files in the menu when I try to load them, etc.)
I dowloaded the AnimSchoolPickerMac and watched the video installation guide, but my Maya plugins folder isn't located where the video says it should be (i.e. harddrive,Users,Shared,autodesk,Maya). My Maya folder does not contain any other folders....thoughts?
Garden, Garden Roof was posted February 24, 2017 at 3:12 am by 7fashion.info . More over Garden Roof has viewed by 1054 visitor.
Garden, Roof Garden Plants was posted February 6, 2017 at 10:16 am by 7fashion.info . More over Roof Garden Plants has viewed by 1449 visitor.
Garden, Roof Top Garden was posted December 10, 2016 at 6:09 am by 7fashion.info . More over Roof Top Garden has viewed by 1165 visitor.
Garden, Deer Proof Garden was posted December 20, 2016 at 5:07 pm by 7fashion.info . More over Deer Proof Garden has viewed by 1178 visitor.
Garden, Squirrel Proof Garden was posted July 14, 2017 at 7:16 am by 7fashion.info . More over Squirrel Proof Garden has viewed by 1203 visitor.
Garden, Rooftop Garden Design was posted January 21, 2017 at 8:42 pm by 7fashion.info . More over Rooftop Garden Design has viewed by 1397 visitor.
Garden, Roof Garden Ideas was posted May 7, 2017 at 9:35 pm by 7fashion.info . More over Roof Garden Ideas has viewed by 1144 visitor.
Garden, Roof Garden Design was posted March 30, 2017 at 6:34 am by 7fashion.info . More over Roof Garden Design has viewed by 1146 visitor.
Garden, Roof Garden Designs was posted February 23, 2017 at 4:13 pm by 7fashion.info . More over Roof Garden Designs has viewed by 1197 visitor.
Garden, Roof Garden was posted August 6, 2016 at 6:03 pm by 7fashion.info . More over Roof Garden has viewed by 1058 visitor.
If you like this picture please right click and save the picture, thanks for visiting this website, we provide a lot of options related to Anatomy Of Scrotum Best Testicle At Learn A images for you, do not hesitate to come back.
Police, local authorities, Greater Manchester Combined Authority, young people and an MP have launched a campaign to stop criminal gangs from grooming children and vulnerable adults to commit crime.
The campaign, known as ‘Trapped’, aims to raise awareness of criminals who are grooming and exploiting children and young adults to commit crime on their behalf.
check here on Press Release 17th Nov – Ann Coffey celebrates UK Parliament Week with local primary school
see now on Press Release 17th Nov – Ann Coffey celebrates UK Parliament Week with local primary school
follow this link on Press Release 17th Nov – Ann Coffey celebrates UK Parliament Week with local primary school
follow here on Press Release 17th Nov – Ann Coffey celebrates UK Parliament Week with local primary school
visit here on Press Release 17th Nov – Ann Coffey celebrates UK Parliament Week with local primary school
Sunny cute straight studio w/pretty garden views facing north, great sunlight - NO alcove. New kitchen & bath. Excellent condition, flrs redone. Building has a full-time doorman, concierge, garage & health club.
All data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the RLS or Douglas Elliman. See Terms of Service for additional restrictions.
© 2018. Douglas Elliman Real Estate. All material presented herein is intended for information purposes only. While, this information is believed to be correct, it is represented subject to errors, omissions, changes or withdrawal without notice. All property information, including, but not limited to square footage, room count, number of bedrooms and the school district in property listings are deemed reliable, but should be verified by your own attorney, architect or zoning expert. The number of bedrooms listed above is not a legal conclusion. Each person should consult with his/her own attorney, architect or zoning expert to make a determination as to the number of rooms in the unit that may be legally used as a bedroom.
We are an equal housing opportunity provider. Consistent with applicable law, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, national origin, sexual orientation, lawful source of income, military status, sex, gender identity, age, disability, familial status (having children under age 18), or religion. Equal Housing Opportunity.
Share your first song or memory of Dennis Brown Who were you with /see jukebox at hm pg of many hits at Dbtribute.org
Bio: Dennis Brown 50th Anniv- Bday Tribute ww was created Oct 06 on see dbtribute.org also see the store our cddvd vol 1 about to release 25 ww tracks tributes to Dennis and first time footage 92 min documentary in one case Dennis was dubbed "Crown Prince of Reggae ' Icon for all Caribbean singers for his singer-style He mentored many ww who emulated him and was loved all over the world He had 75 albums 530 Collaborations and passed on at 42 too soon july 1 99 tenth anniv this July 1 of him passing. Link to 975 sites music aand business sites also 172 ning sites DennisBrowntribute.ning.com also myspace9pgs linked to Db50thtribute/hereslookinatyouent on top friends 26 yahoo groups, list goes on hear www.isound.com/db50thtributecddvdcollaboration www.twitter.com/db50thtribute www.plurk.com/db50thtribute list goes on anyquestions dbtribute@yahoo.com
Press Release: This cd/dvd was in the making since Oct 07 after our 25 Tracks of tributes cd was mastered and DBTribute.org was started Oct 06 I It has first time footage donated to DBTRIBUTE.org of Artists interviews who were mentored or direcly touring or in sessions in studios with Dennis Brown . We had Radio Announcers Prince Thierry of France Radio Mega internet station also Lioness of Utah Reggae Radio put there part in the DVD film never seen first time footage and dubs of many Artists who knew Dennis like his Producer, Mikey Bennett or Father Wayne ,of King Aggression Radio like Greg Isaacs ,Freddie Mcgregor ,Sugar Minott, Luciano ,Joseph Hill Jim Rily , Tarrus Rily ,Delly Ranx, and more We also included a Women of Reggae segment which will be the next gathered for dbtribute.org Our Vol 2 of 25 more tributes will come out next yr 10 ORDER NOW THE CD/DVD CASE Vol 1 only at DBTRIBUTE.org store soon www.Reggaeprince.com will be up.along with www.KIngAggressionofficial.com and www.eekca.mobi with www.eekca.tv new improved flashy sites This is the url for the store location: http://www.nimbitmusic.com/db50thtribute This is the code to copy and paste to a friend or associate website: -- Rochelle Barasch/Dbtribute.org Heres Lookin at You Ent! ! dbtribute@yahoo.com reggaebiz2@gmail.com myspace.com/db50thtribute myspace.com/hereslookinatyouent sonicbids.com/ db50thtributcddvdcollaboration www.twitter.com/db50thtribute www.showcaseyourmusic.com/ db50thtributecddvd 858 772-0697 vm USA 975 sites link up
I'm Searching for "Special" Individuals, Groups & Organizations to JOIN Us here at PPAF! MANY may "not" know my Purpose for Starting our PPAF Network. I'm Gathering EVERYONE Together who Helps to Improve the Quality of Life for Others! If you know of these People INVITE them to Join Us! Enjoy the information below!
Attention ALL PPAF Members! I Pray to JEHOVAH GOD for all of You to become Excellent at Making Money
WHO Do You ADMIRE? Sometimes it's disturbing to see who People Admire and/or why they Admire Them. I admire EVERYONE who Loves their Neighbor as much as they Admire/Love Themselves! I admire PEOPLE who Respect Themselves & also Show Respect & Courtesy to OTHERS! Ann Dandridge
Join Us here on PPAF by putting UP your own Page! Scroll to the Top of this column where it says SIGN UP
I'm ANN DANDRIDGE and I created this Wonderful Group for Everyone who's interested in Helping to Improve the Quality of Life for ALL! We're all Unique and different and I look forward to meeting People who are Not Conceited or Self-Centered. Loving Others as Much as You Love Yourself is More than Awesome! SHARING is Important & RARE!
I'm interested in our site being filled with Wonderful People! If you know anyone who is interesting and unique be sure to invite them to become part of PPAF!
Dorothy Dandridge was born November 9, 1922, She is a Legendary Movie Star! EVERYONE is invited to Join Us here at PPAF by putting UP your own Page!
Find out the most recent images of Fresh Hairstyles for Men with Oval Faces and Thick Hair here, and also you can get the image here simply image posted uploaded by admin that saved in our collection.
This image is provided only for personal use. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
Disclaimer : All of our content in the form of images we display because we believe the content was “public domain”. picpaper that displayed are from unknown origin, and we do not intend to infringe any legitimate intellectual, artistic rights or copyright. If you are the legitimate owner of the one of the content we display the picpaper, and do not want us to show, then please contact us and we will immediately take any action is needed either remove the picpaper or maybe you can give time to maturity it will limit our picpaper content view. All of the content we display the picpapers are free to download and therefore we do not acquire good financial gains at all or any of the content of each picpaper.
IT and engineering jobs from job sites, job boards, career pages and other job listings. Matching vacancies for your IT or engineering job search!
Our purpose at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". It's not your average job, because Cloudreach is not your average company....
Our purpose at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". You will be the face of cloudreach and our brand is everything to us....
Our mission at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". Develop training plan to enhance SDL and Cloudreach partner accreditation status....
Our mission at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". It's not your average job, because Cloudreach is not your average company. Big dreams often start small....
Our purpose at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". Oversee planning and execution of EMEA partner events and Cloudreach events....
Our purpose at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". Assist Cloudreach partner marketing with regional campaigns run jointly with our partners....
Our purpose at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". It's not your average job, because Cloudreach is not your average company. Big dreams often start small....
Our purpose at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". Cloudreach, Customer, 3rd Parties and Partners - both verbal and written....
Our mission at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation". It's not your average job, because Cloudreach is not your average company....
7techjobs.com is a job search engine specialized on IT, software and engineering jobs (e.g. ) and we are the first job site that really focuses on the worldwide job search in the field of technology. We think that the demand for software developers, network administrators, , civil engineers, electronics engineers and all the other high skilled occupations in tech industries need a global vision.
Together with our partners (e.g. indeed.com on a worldwide stage and many others in their regional and national job markets), we gather job ads from job boards, company and career pages, job classifieds in newspapers and many other sources – also for your job search for .
Therefore you can find many jobs in the IT industry and the field of engineering on one site: 7techjobs.com. That saves you time in your job search and you won’t miss out any interesting it and engineers jobs.
Delaware ( i/ˈdɛləwɛər/ DEL-ə-wair) is a U.S. state located on the Atlantic Coast in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States. It is bordered to the south and west by Maryland, to the northeast by New Jersey, and to the north by Pennsylvania. The state takes its name from Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr, an English nobleman and Virginia's first colonial governor, after whom what is now called Cape Henlopen was originally named.
Delaware is located in the northeastern portion of the Delmarva Peninsula and is the second smallest, the sixth least populous, but the sixth most densely populated of the fifty United States. Delaware is divided into three counties. From north to south, these three counties are New Castle, Kent, and Sussex. While the southern two counties have historically been predominantly agricultural, New Castle County has been more industrialized.
Before its coastline was explored by Europeans in the 16th century, Delaware was inhabited by several groups of Native Americans, including the Lenape in the north and Nanticoke in the south. It was initially colonized by Dutch traders at Zwaanendael, located near the present town of Lewes, in 1631. Delaware was one of the 13 colonies participating in the American Revolution and on December 7, 1787, became the first state to ratify the Constitution of the United States, thereby becoming known as The First State.
The numbers contained within parentheses above indicate the number of listings within that city or county.
Your search term matched multiple locations. Please narrow your search by seleting a specific location from the list.
© 2018 BHH Affiliates, LLC. An independently operated subsidiary of HomeServices of America, Inc., a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and a franchisee of BHH Affiliates, LLC. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices and the Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices symbol are registered service marks of HomeServices of America, Inc.® Equal Housing Opportunity.
I was watching AFC the other day and there was a talk about rice pudding on how to cook, how to impart the flavor, that its a great comfort food etc...i never had rice pudding before even when i was studying in the UK . i was curious but never had a chance to try one before so i really dunno whats the fuss about rice pudding so i decided to make some to try and appreciate the filling comfort food.
I've made a chocolate rice pudding with almond flakes. it turned out beautifully but not picture perfect i have to say coz i made it at night as i was craving for something sweetand filling at the time. its easy to make, great tasting and fills you up in no time (eh what do you expect its rice, its supposed to fill you up) any way..here's what you need..
1/3 of short grain rice or Japanese rice <--coz its starchy 1c of milk 1c of water 30-50g of dark chocolate (this actually really is up to you if you want vanilla you can omit this) 2-3tbs brown sugar - more if you like it really sweet. a pinch of salt 1 egg yolk
then the water and milk will starts to thicken a little add in the chocolate stir until its completely melted.
once its done the texture should be thick and the rice is cooked thoroughly remove from fire let it cool slightly then add in the yolk stir well. the heat of the rice will gently cook the yolk. this will give the pudding a custard consistency.
this is a dish that i recently tried and love...i've always love sweet & sour crab and blackpepper crab but crab with salted egg ha...
hahaha...its cookies season...yeay...*jumps about happily* well actually i rarely bake cookies as i usually buys it for Aid Celebration...wh...
ever since i post the gum paste cuppies...i've been showered with some emails asking me about the difference between fondant and gum pas...
look at that texture...just gorgeous and its moist too! before i start, i'd like to wish to all my christian friends and also ...
this is no ordinary tart... its crust is actually made from shortbread cookie recipe which i personally think gives it a rather refreshing...
for today post, i thought of writing about planting your own herb ...i've got a reader who is keen on planting her very own herb garden...
My hubby went to Cameron highland the other day for one of his presentations, so he came accross this sweet potato ball being sold by the r...
this is such a topic to write about. i'm sure this entry will be somewhat useful to my readers or those chef wannabes (no puns int...
I know i've been MIA in the blog world...in fact i've been MIA in the internet world for some time now *awkward smile* ermmm been bu...
this is our main dish for tonight. my mom used to make this when i was little...i love this dish its so appetizing and when ever mom made ...
kitchen appliances shop online for a wide selection of home and office furniture and kitchen appliances at low internet prices and fast home delivery service - connecthome.co.uk
The October 2012 issue of the technical journal Nuclear Technology is available electronically and in hard copy for American Nuclear Society member subscribers and others. Non-subscribers click here to learn how to subscribe to NT and other ANS titles.
Acceptable Seismic-Induced Risks per U.S. Department of Energy Standards at Nuclear Facilities, by James J. Dahl, Shivi Singh, and Marvin G. Zimmerman
ANS journals are available for purchase by issue or by article. Please click here to go to the online journals page. A menu of ANS’s publications is available online by clicking here.
This entry was posted in American Nuclear Society, ANS Publications, News, Nuclear Technology by rmichal. Bookmark the permalink.
While at the Winter #ANSMeeting, make plans to attend the Diversity Social at the Myth Bar inside the Hilton Bonnet… https://t.co/ba1yLkmtoh	4 hours ago
This wraps up our live coverage of the #ANSmeeting Opening Plenary, as we move to Q&A with our expert panel. We’ll… https://t.co/zSrMPBK22j	53 mins ago
Leon: “Cost of generation INCREASES with the share of variable renewable energy deployed in a grid.” #ANSMeeting	51 mins ago
Leon says that in future we must examine not just plant level coste, but also grid level and full costs (societal,… https://t.co/AsoAhoGVnD	50 mins ago
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010
A new time-lapse video shows early site preparation and containment vessel bottom head placement at the Plant Vogtle Electric Generating Plant near Waynesboro, Georgia. Two new nuclear power reactors are scheduled to begin operations at Plant Vogtle in 2017 and 2018. Along with two units under construction at the V.C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station in South Carolina, these will be the first new nuclear units built in the United States in the last three decades. Enjoy the show!
This entry was posted in Nuclear Matinee and tagged video, vogtle by ansnuclearcafe. Bookmark the permalink.
Leon says that in future we must examine not just plant level coste, but also grid level and full costs (societal,… https://t.co/AsoAhoGVnD	49 mins ago
Gary Grigsby's World at War serial number. It looks like there is a serial number for you. Pass the verification below to prove that you are not a bot and get your .. Gary Grigsby's War in the East is a turn-based World War II strategy game down to the division. Please submit your review for Gary Grigsbys War in the East patch.. War on an Epic scale from Moscow to Berlin this is War in the East! Gary Grigsbys War in the East: .. Serial numbers for gary . The East Gary Grigsbys War In The East gary grigsby's war in the east Gary Grigsby's gary grigsbys . serial number .. Gary Grigsby's War in the East: . The critically and fan acclaimed Eastern Front mega-game Gary Grigsbys War in the East . (with your order number and serial .. Gary Grigsby's Pacific War is a Trademark by Strategic Simulations, Inc., this trademark has a nationality of California in the United States. Gary Grigsby's War in the East is a turn-based World War II strategy game down to the division and brigade level, .. Details for this torrent . PC - Gary Grigsbys World At War. Type: Games > PC Files: 47 Size: . Could someone please just write down the serial number, .. Free gary grigsby's war in the west torrent download software at UpdateStar - . gary grigsby's war in the east; . gary grigsby's war in the west torrent.. Locate and download Gary Grigsbys War in the East: The German-Soviet War patch v.1.03 serials generator from our site. Thousands of cracks, keygens and patches are .. Free gary grigsby war in the west torrent download software at UpdateStar - .. This patch contains a number of significant rule . 4 years after the release of War in the East, Gary Grigsby is moving the action to the Western Front with .. Gary Grigsby's War in the . Download. Game update (patch) to Gary Grigsby's War in the West . Each number once entered should be lower than one on the right .. For Gary Grigsby's War in the East: The German-Soviet War 1941-1945 on the PC, a GameFAQs Answers question titled 'Downloaded War in the east but got no serial number.. Free download war in the east serial Files at . Its much more convenient than having the serial number in your email or. Gary Grigsbys War in the East comes .. Serial numbers for gary grigsbys: . gary grigsby Gary Grigsbys War In The East gary grigsby war in the east Gary Grigsbys War . Submit serial number .. Gary Grigsby's War in the East: The German-Soviet War 1941 . info/2011/03/gary-grigsbys-war-in-east-german . guru Gary Grigsby's War in the East is one of .. Gary Grigsby's World at War: . Union or a continuing German thrust east rather than a shift to the Western . machine have its own registration number.. Gary Grigsby's War in the West Available, New Screens Unveiled 4 . War between the States and above all War in the East and its expansions Don to the Danube and .. Download Gary Grigsby's War in the West torrent from software . Click next until you get to the serial field and enter . Gary Grigsby's War in the .. Combat is complicated by the sheer number of unit types that are available and all of the modifiers that affect the behind-the . In Gary Grigsby's World at War, .. Gary Grigsby's War in the East: Lost Battles. Product Info . (with your order number and serial number printed on it) and a PDF E-Book indexed manual. .. full download Gary Grigsbys War in the East: Don to the DanubeTorrent name:Gary Grigsbys War in the East: . Play game If you getting serial number error, .. Gary Grigsby's War in the East. . Leave the serial number line blank; 9. . You will also notice that a serial key will be issued to you and it will be auto-filled .. My first thought on watching Gary Grigsby's War in the . Gary Grigsbys War In The West (Isnt A Mission Statement) . Ive dabbled with War in the East and .. Gary grigsby war in the west serial number . Grigsbys East German-Soviet 1941 . not be under city expect download grigsbys at windows games iso zone .. Scenario Expansion for Gary Grigsbys War in the East This expansion will have 10 new scenarios of varying sizes and lengths. It includes Campaign for Smolensk .. Gary Grigsby's War in the East. . it's not possible to register the game in your Matrix or Slitherine accounts as the Steam version doesn't have a serial number.. Gary Grigsby's War in the East Steam Key GLOBAL. 1/5. . this is War in the East! Gary Grigsbys War in . Causeway Bay, Hong Kong Incorporation number: 2088957 .. Gary Grigsby's War in the East: . 10 FEB 2016 Gary Grigsbys War in the East is updated to . (with your order number and serial number printed .. Whats in the box? As the title indicates, Gary Grigsbys War in the West takes place on the western front; specifically the game map covers all of Western .. Gary Grigsby's War In The East - Let's Play / Tutorial - Road to Minsk. Gary Grigsby's War In The East is a true grand strategy wargame. Gary Grigsby's War .. Gary Grigsby's War in the East: The German-Soviet War 1941-1945, developed by 2by3 Games and published by Matrix Games. The Good: Realistic battle results using many .. FileName: Gary Grigsby War In The West FileSize: 2.8 MB Downloads: 85148 Gary Grigsby War In The West crack serial number key activation. Download now the serial number for Gary Grigsby's World at War. All serial numbers are genuine and you can find more results in our database for Gary software.. M Gary Grigsby's War in the East: The German-Soviet War 1941-1945. . just reinstall the game and make sure you use one serial number, .. When searching for Gary Grigsby War In The West do not include words such as serial, number, key, license, code, etc. excluding words such as these will result in .. Found 7 results for Gary Grigsbys World At War. Full version downloads available, . All retail software uses a serial number or key of some form.. Gary Grigsbys War In The East Serial Number Serial Numbers. Convert Gary Grigsbys War In The East Serial Number trail version to full software. 794dc6dc9d
PETRO WRAPPING ANTI CORROSION TAPE FOR ring plate and steel pipe fitting is a non-hardening and non-cracking corrosion protection wrap . It is highly resistant to mineral acids, alkalis, salts and micro-organisms and highly impermeable to water vapor and gases. Used for the protection of buried or exposed pipes, rods, cable, valves and metal fittings from corrosion.
It is composed of a non woven fibre fabric coated with a neutral compound based on saturated petrolatum and inert siliceous fillers.
It suitable for application in a wide range of climatic conditions. It is used for moulding around irregular profiles such as flange ,valve,joint to provide a contour that suitable for wrapping the petrolatum tape. It contains inert siliceous fillers and vegetable fibres.
Jining Xunda Pipe Coating Material Co., Ltd. is one specialized manufacturer of anticorrosion pipe wrap tape and waterproof self adhesive tape in China which has 20 years experience. Xunda has more than 128 workers, covers an area of 11,000 m²
we have the advanced production technology, Scientific management method, First-class R & D team, Perfect after sales service system . We have passed the SGS, DVGW, AWWA test and ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO18001, Bureau Veritas certification. We are the Audited Suppliers of SINOPEC, CNOOC, CNPC, GTCL, UKRTRANSGAZ, PETROECUADOR,MEDCO and so on.
. XUNDA growing up to the large and famous pipeline anti-corrosion tape manufacturer and participates in the formulation the technical standard of polyolefin tape coating for steel pipeline SY/T 0414
Our major market including more than 70 countries, widely distributed in South Asia, Southeast Asia, Central Asia, West Asia, the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Eastern Europe, South America, Australia.
Please contact us! Then we will devote all we have to you: excellent products, excellent quality, excellent services!
Provides buried pipelines with protection from chemical and electrolytic corrosion under extreme and fluctuating temperature conditions
Pressure-sensitive, high molecular weight polyethylene-backed outerwrap designed for yard application with high impact resistance
Meets AWWA (American Water Works Association) specifications for steel water pipeline tape coating system
XUNDA T 600 Polyethylene bituminous tape for protection of pipelines from Corrosion, Tapes for waterproofing of roofs, waterproofing of foundations, for basements and underground jobs, waterproofing of swimming pools
XUNDA T 600 Polyethylene bituminous tape Used for the anti-corrosion protection of buried or immersed pipes and fittings. Applied to weld joints, bends, bare pipe lengths and pipe fittings.
Prepare surfaces by removing all loose scale, rust or other foreign matter by grit blasting or wire brush. Surface must be clean, dry and free of grease.Apply thin film of Butyl Primer to all surfaces to be wrapped and allow to dry. Peel back interleaving and apply adhesive side of the tape to the surface and press down. Apply the tape spirally with enough tension to make it conform. Remove interleaving as wrapping proceeds. Overlap each turn by at least 1" or 55% to achieve double thickness.
Irregular surfaces such as valves, flanges, etc. may require the use of Mastic or Profiling Mastic.( we can supply it also ) Refer to the product sheets for these specific
-Manufacture of Polyethylene coatings utilizing Butyl based elastomeric adhesives, Polyethylene films and liquid adhesives for corrosion protection of steel pipe.
-Provides corrosion protection with the inherent chemistry of Polyethylene and Butyl Adhesive for resistance to water and oxygen penetration. Oxygen and Water are prevented from reaching the metal substrate, which are necessary and sufficient conditions for corrosion.
-Manufacture of conventional and specialty Polyethylene, Polypropylene and Polymeric Alloys and coating systems for pipe corrosion protection.
-Manufactures PE coatings systems for applications for New Pipe Construction and Rehabilitation and Reconditioning
You might have heard of the indie Bundles of games that are offered now and again, great idea with lots of benefits, well now there’s something similar but for books, The Humble ebook Bundle! Pay as much as you can afford and get six e-books from cool authors (Cory Doctorow and my new favorite Kelly Link among others), if you pay more than the average, $12.08 as I am writing this, you get two extra books, Old Man’s War by John Scalzi (I reviewed this here) and Signal to Noise by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean.
When I got this book in a book swap during a dinner with some fellow book bloggers I didn’t realize that this was the book that was going to pull me out of the non-reading doldrums I’ve been in for near half a year now. I’ve started books but none has been finished, except, finally, this one. I read the most of it on the train towards Uppsala where I hoped to get it signed and the end the morning after.
This book is like a box of delicious chocolates, every little story delightful and fun. I think my favorite it the one about the Fairy Handbag but it might also be the one about the wanna-be poet who digs up something else than the dead girlfriend he intended. I also adore the fantastic storylines in the tale about the TV-series that is a bit more than that.
I highly recommend this book and it gives me the same feeling as Neil Gaiman’s short story collections does, like I get a glimpse at how the world might be, or is, if I look at it right, maybe from the corner of my eye or with my head tilted just so.
I would like to mention the translation too, I am very picky when it comes to translated books and this one did not feel translated at all, the only difference from reading in English was that it went faster. And that is how a translation should be.
Stories told within stories are always tricky but in my opinion Rothfuss manages it right. We get Kvothe, the main character, tell the story of his life but at the same time we also get the feeling that even if he thinks he's at the end of his journey that's not really the case.
Kvothe is exceptional in a way that only heroes in fantasy novels can be but he's not especially heroic, at least not in the beginning. Rothfuss manages to reflect the egoism of early youth rather well in my opinion.
My only gripe is that the female characters feel a bit stereotypical, we have the wild love interest, the nerdy girl, the caretaker and the fey strange girl and so far they haven't gotten much more characteristics than that. Would it have been too much to ask to have one of his friends being a girl? Without it being a guy friend with boobs?
All in all it is an enjoyable tale, better than average in all ways except the female characters, and I will read the next one.
Yesterday I sat down with a few of the other members of the bookclub EMK and had beers (well, cola for me as I'm on anti-biotics) and a few hours of constantly flowing geeky talk about everything from books though games and to TV-series and movies. Awesome way to spend time if I say so myself. I came away with two new (to me) books and a few more recommendations.
My goodreads thingie up there is not exactly correct, I'm actually finished with The Name of the Wind and almost finished with M.E Patterson's Devil's Hand. The latter is the book we are reading for the book club and thus I won't say more about it besides that it has to do with demons, poker, Las Vegas and the end of the world. Could easily have been a Supernatural episode. I'll post a review later.
It would seem my urge to read has returned, at least at bit, as I knew it would. Having swinging interests is a bit of a bother but at least I know it always swings back. Right now I can't wait to start on Eld (Fire) the sequel to Circle (Cirkeln) that I wrote about here. And after that Tricked and then, and then... too many books, too little time.
So remember how I said one of the books I was looking forward to in the future was John Scalzi's Red Shirts? And that there was an excerpt on tor.com? Well, I finally got off my shapely behind and read said excerpt and now I only have one question: Is it june 5th yet? Because it's good, very good.
Considering the title the book is about just what you might think it is about, those unfortunate souls who get eaten, pulverized, infected, melted, defenestrated or killed in whichever dreadful way the writers could dream up that week on Star Trek, especially the Original Series. Of course, in the book the names are cleverly changed but easily recognizable as a closer look is taken at how things went on behind the scenes.
Scalzi does humor well, as is very obvious in Agent to the Stars for example, and from the first 5 chapters it seems he's still got it. I for one is going to pre-order and if you like Star Trek and other old sci-fi series, or know enough about them to know what a redshirt is, you should to.
So several of my favorite authors are coming out with new books and maybe those will be the kick in the pants I need to start reading more. But, if not I can at least talk about them here.
First off and already released is Elisabeth Bear with Range of Ghosts. An epic fantasy centering around the eastern cultures instead of the traditional western clones. I do like my fantasy and this sounds promising.
Secondly we move from fantasy to Sci-fi, the awesome John Scalzi (seriously, you should follow him on twitter - he's great!) is coming out with a book called Red Shirts and honestly that's about what I know about it besides that you can read a preview over on Tor.com (or you're supposed to anyway, I can't find it now.) also it comes ou June 5th.
Finally we come to urban fantasy, Kevin Hearne is a few weeks away From releasing the fourth book about his Iron Druid Atticus O'Sullivan - Tricked. I can't wait to read more about Atticus and his hound Oberon, so far the series have been a lovely mix of myths and modern pop-cultural references and I hope that continues!
A year that begins with order book can't be an entirely awful one. At least that's what I belive, which is why I just sent off an order to bookdepository.
A bit of fantasy, a bit of comic and then horror and mystery. Kind of like a perfectly mixed drink.To be honest the Batman comic is mainly for 'dreas but I am pretty sure I'll get around to reading it sooner or later as well.
Carrie is one of those King-classics I haven't read yet and as for the Griffiths book I have fallen helplessly for Ruth Galloway and her friends. As so many of my fellow bloggers I've realized there's something about Ruth and The Wash that just won't let go.
A fan of the fantastic and fabulous with a not so secret dream of one day seeing her name on the spine of a book. Blogs about books here and talks about everything and nothing at www.twitter.com/cyphersushi. Can also be reached at anymomentcallednow@gmail.com
I think this might be my favorite China Mieville book to date. I've read a few of the other reviews on here that claim it is thinner, more boring and whatever (don't get me wrong, many of those reviewers liked the book too just maybe not as much as me) but honestly I think that is a plus. Now, Mieville is one of my favorite authors but his books are kind of like eating really dark chocolate, very tasty but it get's too much if you mainline a whole bar of it. The worlds he creates are so filled with wonderful strangeness that I can only absorb so much before having to put the book down. Now this book is like dark chocolate with a nice filling or flavoring, ie you can actually eat the whole damn piece without feeling overwhelmed.
Kraken might be a bit easier to read but in no way has Mieville skimped on the fantastic ideas. I do adore Billy the main character because he feels so real, so normal in all of the craziness of the world ending. Because the world is ending, the problem is only finding out how.
I heartily recommend this book to anyone who has enjoyed Chine Mieville's earlier books, especially Un Lun Dun, or Neil Gaiman's whole bibliography, especially Neverwhere.
If thereâ€™s only one place to see and be seen by film, music and fashionâ€™s elite, itâ€™s definitely New York City. The Big Apple seems to be the epicentre of new trends (and fads) that never fail to shake the industry. With native designer labels like Alexander Wang, Michael Kors, Tom Ford, Marc Jacobs and more, New York style is truly an amalgamation of both street and high fashion.
New York Fashion Week played host to a diverse crowd of Hollywoodâ€™s finest dressers, the industryâ€™s power players, and the most influential of fashion bloggers, like Chiara Ferragni, and Aimee Song, just to name a few. The almost-unanimous choice of style seemed to be bright, cheerful functionals â€“ perfect in the chilly New York weather.
The one fashionista that perfectly sums up New Yorkâ€™s young and vibrant fashion community to me is model and TV personality, Irene Kim, who, by the way, also owns a stunning Instagram feed (@ireneisgood). Her most striking style is her rainbow-coloured locks, which she describes as â€œcolourful chaosâ€. The Seattle native who divides her time between Seoul and New York, doesnâ€™t take long to warm up to the streets in her bold, colour blocked wooly knits, and crisp white sneakers.
For a style as refreshing as Irene Kimâ€™s, I’ve gathered only the best of New York’s street styles on my Pinterest board. Check them out!
Get the look of London’s unbelievably stylish editor How to go big on bling in Milan How to dress in style and comfort at beach weddings Get the Marrakech style right with these remarkably easy tricks
Bookofmatchescom™ provides fairbury sexy dating ads and sexy dates whether you want black, white, older, younger, skinny, big, or hot women we have all kinds of personal ads bom is unlike any other fairbury date site in that it provides a fun environment online and on your mobile phone. Rbl is #1 for dating african-american singles we guarantee that you will meet like-minded singles interested in establishing worthwhile connections whether you’re newly single, divorced or just ready to mingle, you can meet motivated black singles today. The 100% free dating site for mature singles to meet and chat for free - no fees - unlimited messages - forever. Whether you want black, white, older, younger, skinny, big, or hot women we have all kinds of personal ads bom is unlike any other fairbury date site in that it provides a fun environment online and on your mobile phone. Free online dating in fairbury for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and everyone else forget classified personals, speed dating, or other fairbury dating sites or chat rooms, you've found the best.
Black dating for free is the #1 online community for meeting quality african-american singles 100% free service with no hidden charges. Search for local single 50+ women in nebraska online dating brings singles together who may never otherwise meet it's a big world and the ourtimecom community wants to help you connect with singles in your area. But because, as david presents, black men who are on par with black women are so few, we often end up dating beneath us, instead of dating or marrying “up” my issue is not just with david. Meeting single black women is easy with interracialdatingcentral white men, sign up now like other white men, if you've tried to meet black women in bars or nightclubs and realized how horrible it is, give interracialdatingcentral a go.
Start your success story on blackcupid as a leader in black dating, we successfully bring together black singles from around the world 100s of happy men and women have met their soul mates on blackcupid and shared their stories with us check out the many success stories here. Fetishization of black women occurs in many different forms, but the some of the most common include quantifying black women and expecting them to adhere to stereotypes black lovers should not be collected and bragged about like trophies. Swirlr is for singles who choose character above color and culture swirl meaning: a beautiful union between 2 people of different ethnic, and/or racial backgrounds the swirlr interracial dating community helps expand your dating pool, by bringing together people who aren't constrained by race or culture on the road to love. We are proud to announce our grand opening of blasian luv forever™ (blf), where black men and asian women (bmaw) make mag. Singles with the same interests as you in fairbury are all available to chat to when you have a datewhoyouwant account don't wait any longer - start dating again today.
Matchcom - single black women meeting single black women on dating sites is made easier by using matchcom we were one of the very first online dating sites, and are #1 in dating, relationships, and marriages. Nebraska black fairbury catholic singles we offer a truly catholic environment, thousands of members, and highly compatible matches based on your personality, shared faith, and lifestyle. Black women looking for white men website community see all the top interracial dating sites for black women white men dating and for black white singles to meet up join the world's largest dedicated interracial dating site & find interracial love today #swirldating #blackdatingsites #blackwomenlookingforwhitemen #. White men black women meet singles now find my match wmbw - #1 swirl dating site whitemenblackwomen is for singles who choose character above culture and color the swirl dating community helps expand your dating pool, by bringing together people who aren't constrained by race or culture on the road to love.
Afroromance is a dating site that cares about helping interracial singles find love beyond race the beauty about afroromance is that we give you control of your love life we make black and white dating easy. Find fairbury lesbian single women to meet on zoosk the internet has changed human courtship, online dating is now mainstream sign up and find lesbian single women in fairbury that you might want to meet zoosk online dating is the smart way to date date smarter™ use zoosk to meet your next date. #1 interracial dating site for white men and black women whitemenblackwomenmeetcom is a dating site especially made for white men black women getting to know each other we are the best online dating website that you can visit if you are among those white men who finally want to meet and date a black woman or if you are those black women who want to meet and find white men.
Black women indian men dating site a focus on you : we strive to provide you with the right tools for successful dating, where there is no sending countless emails, winks, and gifts without interest. Nebraska fairbury catholic singles we offer a truly catholic environment, thousands of members, and highly compatible matches based on your personality, shared faith, and lifestyle. Fairbury nebraska, i will start out with my hobbies i like to ride horses and i like to go site seeing i also like to have friends and family get togethers i like to plant flowers my goal in my life is to find.
Meetville is a dating site, which will help you to meet the local single women, searching in thousands of single people looking for each other online to build successful, long-lasting and happy relationship in illinois, united states.
Meet like-minded black singles with us for meaningful connections and real compatibility we provide an effective and trustworthy platform for black singles to meet in the us our technology is designed with one goal in mind - helping you to meet a long-term love.
Fairbury's best 100% free black dating site hook up with sexy black singles in fairbury, nebraska, with our free dating personal ads mingle2com is full of hot black guys and girls in fairbury looking for love, sex, friendship, or a friday night date.
Whether you want black, white, older, younger, big, or hot women dating ads online, we have it all bom is unlike any other date personals site in that it's fast to browse and provides a much more quality environment. Date asian men & black women seeking blasian relationships blasian love forever™ is the #1 ambw dating website on the planet ambw dating: quality matches for friendship & marriage create your profile today, and start making connections in the ambw / bwam dating community. Blackpeoplemeetcom is designed for dating, pen pals and to bring black singles together join blackpeoplemeetcom and meet new black singles for friendship and dating blackpeoplemeetcom is a niche dating service for single black women and single black men.
This is an excerpt from the movie "Murder in the Heartland" which is about the Oklahoma City bombing.
The Vincennes Mayor’s Office has announced this year’s Fall leaf pick up schedule. Annually, the Vincennes Street and Sanitation department will collect leaves left in piles on the roadside. As
Authorities have identified suspects in an animal cruelty case in Knox County. According to Knox County Sheriff Mike Morris, several dogs were found being dumped near Cannonball Bridge over the
Area hospice patients, and those who passed away while in hospice care, will be honored tonight at Vincennes University. Good Samaritan Hospice hosts the annual Light Up A Life event
The Vincennes Salvation Army will kick off their 2018 Kettle Campaign later this week. Thursday, the Salvation Army will welcome winners of last year’s campaign, as well as representatives of
If there’s a pain you just can’t shake, perhaps it’s a hernia! Good Samaritan can help with that. Later this week, the hospital will offer free hernia screenings at the
What is going on? Since the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, there has been chaos in Illinois schools.
According to WIFR, "Auburn administration and police investigated a report of a threat at the end of the school day on Thursday. Students and Staff remained safe during this time as the student in question was removed by administration immediately upon receiving the report. As the incident occurred at the end of the school day and due to the evidence coming out of the investigation, a lock down was not considered necessary as the student was already removed from the school population. Consequences in accordance with the Student Code of Conduct were administered."
Yesterday there were problems near Clinton Rosette Middle School in Dekalb. The problem wasn't at the school thank goodness but it was too close for comfort. Nobody wants to see a SWAT team any where near a school.
Today, more drama occurred in Dekalb as threats were discovered via social media against Dekalb schools. Again, no one was harmed.
Earlier today, "A threatening message was discovered in a student bathroom at Stillman Valley High School. The discovery was made at 11:30 a.m. The Ogle County Sheriff’s Department was contacted and the appropriate safeguards have been put in place. There will be police presence throughout the day and school will resume as normal."
Problems also arose in Genoa earlier this week. "The Daily-Chronicle reports that 18 year old Regino Mercado threatened Kishwaukee Education Consortium's secretary that he was going to "get his goons and shoot up the school” on February 16th."
Im not sure what's going on but I don't like it. It kind of reminds me of a full moon. All the crazies seem to come out then. For some reason this tragic event is bringing them out as well.
The Godfather of Soul passed away on Christmas, causing me to reflect on the one time I saw him in concert - at the infamous Woodstock '99. Here's what I wrote in my review.
We found a spot on the vast lawn in front of the west stage and listened to the promoters and Wavy Gravy kick-off the festival. Then it was time for James Brown. Actually, it was time for James Brown's band to play a few songs, then for the band to introduce some broad who sang a few songs, and just when we were really getting annoyed, the Godfather of Soul stopped teasing us and appeared. The crowd was pretty indifferent, as James and his large band played their hits including "I Feel Good," "Sex Machine," and my personal favorite from the cold war classic Rocky IV, the anthem that inspired Rock to kick Ivan Drago's communist ass: "Living in America." The crowd did go nuts when James sang "Foxy Lady," the first of many nods to Hendrix and the original Woodstock legends by various bands throughout the weekend.
Sugar Ray was supposed to be up next, but had cancelled. Some chick behind me said, "I can't believe they would try to replace Sugar Ray with James Brown and think we'd be okay with it. That just sucks, man!" She would not be the last disgruntled and clueless customer.
If you're looking for a new Christmas soundtrack, I highly recommend Sufjan Stevens' Songs for Christmas. The set of 5 EPs comes nicely packaged in a Christmas box with a booklet that includes short stories by Sufjan and Rick Moody, a poster, and stickers. Since 2001, Sufjan has recorded a Christmas EP each year, and he was adamant that the 5 EPs should be sold as a complete set. There are quite a few original songs that are worth a listen, such as "Christmas in July", "Get Behind Me, Santa", "That Was The Worst Christmas Ever", and "Did I Make You Cry On Christmas Day? (Well, You Deserved It)". The moods swing from contemplative and sad to reverent and spiritual to giddy sugar-highs. Some of his interpretations of traditional carols aren't particularly interesting or fresh, and I think the box set could have benefited from some paring down. But, still, the whole package makes for pleasant background music that can make any extended dysfunctional family gathering or long sleigh trip to Grandma's a lot more pleasant.
I’m a big fan of Carrie Fisher. I admire her frankness and wit. In her books, she’s shown an uncanny ability to wring humor from the low points of her life, which range from drug rehab to being bipolar to discovering her husband was gay. So, I was excited to see her one-woman show Wishful Drinking, now playing at The Geffen Playhouse, and the show lived up to my hopes.
Upon arriving at the Geffen, I had to wait in the lobby for my friends to arrive. I immediately spied Leonard Maltin chatting with friends. Then I saw a petite woman with highly-coiffed blond hair. Her back was to me, but I thought it could quite possibly be Carrie’s mom, Debbie Reynolds. Sure enough it was Debbie, I realized, and so did Leonard, who rushed over to say hello. Debbie was glowing and looked quite well-preserved. I snapped a blurry camera-phone pic.
Knowing Debbie was there, it was hard not to cringe during some portions of Carrie’s show, as she describes bizarre moments like Debbie suggesting Carrie have a child with Debbie’s husband because the child would be attractive, and describes how two of Debbie's loser husbands stole all her money. In a smart and funny segment, Carrie talks about how her teen daughter was having a flirtation with Elizabeth Taylor’s grandson and she charts out all the relationships of her mother, her father Eddie Fisher, and Elizabeth, who stole Eddie from Debbie, on a blackboard in order to prove the teens’ relationship wouldn’t be incestuous. She talks about Eddie being married to a Chinese woman who passed away, and she said Eddie then moved to San Francisco because it has a large Chinatown and he’s got an affinity for Asian gals. She said he was even starting to look Asian himself due to all the plastic surgery.
Carrie talked about her father’s speed addiction, his abandonment of the family to be with Liz, and even recalled doing coke with him. And then I saw him in the lobby at intermission! Oy, imagine sitting in the audience and watching your daughter spill all your dirty laundry. Eddie is very petite and does in fact look Asian. I didn’t see Eddie and Debbie mingling, but they may have. If Carrie can laugh about things, maybe they can too after all these years.
Carrie never acknowledged her parents’ presence from stage. She just did her thing, giving a warts-and-all portrait of herself and them. Her anecdotes about Star Wars were really funny, and she even donned a donut-head wig. The finale will delight any Star Wars fan, and the rest of the show will please anyone with a love for sarcasm and a fascination with celebrity culture. I would have loved to be a mynock on the wall at the after-party with Carrie, Debbie, and Eddie.
My sister-in-law has invented a sandwich based on her company name for a contest at a nearby Akron, Ohio, deli. Read the story. Here's the recipe!
“I Love Rock and Roll” was one of the first 45s I owned as a kid, and Joan Jett and Pat Benatar taught me that women could rock. So, it was a thrill to see Ms. Jett and her Blackhearts live and to realize that she and I both still do love rock n' roll. I had seen her once before in a little bar called Brownie’s in NYC, sans Blackhearts, playing in a side project called Evil Stig, a band that paid tribute to The Gits’ singer Mia Zapata (Evil Stig backwards is “Gits Live”) and raised awareness about her then-unsolved murder. But this was different and better, seeing Joan with her band and hearing all her classic songs. At 46, some may say she’s pushing 50, but I would say she’s pushing back. She looks fantastic – still lean, muscular, and energetic.
Joan dedicated the show to her former Runaways’ bandmate Sandy West who had passed away from lung cancer only a few weeks previously. She brought out Runaway cohort Cherie Curry to sing “Cherry Bomb”, and that was one of the definite highlights of the show. If only Lita Ford could have joined in – where the heck are ya, Lita? Still hiding out and lighting candles to pray for the return of hair metal? Don't get too close to those candles, Lita - Aqua Net is highly flammable.
Joan’s setlist was full of crowd pleasers like “Light of Day, “Bad Reputation,” “Hate Myself for Loving You” and the aforementioned and obligatory “I Love Rock and Roll.” She also played some of her noteworthy covers like “Crimson and Clover”, “Everyday People”, and a rocking version of The Mary Tyler Moore Show theme song.
The selections from her new album Sinner made me want to buy it, songs like the political “Change the World”, humorous “A.C.D.C”, and the quirky Crash Test Dummies’ cover “Androgynous.”
Eagles of Death Metal opened the show with their swaggering, sexy/stupid rock. I had seen them once before, and they guarantee a good time. Everyone sang along to their big hit “Cherry Cola”, and their more rabid fans sang along to everything else, too. Their front man Jesse Hughes really knows how to work the room, and I noted that many fans were rockin’ moustaches in tribute to him (or maybe the 80s are just truly back).
I didn’t spy Carmen Electra in the crowd, but reports say she hooked up with Joan backstage. Now that’s a true dynamic duo.
For the past 10 or so years, I have labored on and off (ok...mostly off) on an as-yet-unpublished novel called Earth City. The novel follows a year in the life of heroine Astrid Lutz, who graduates from college, moves back in with her parents in St. Louis, does temp work, sings karaoke, and dates the lead singer of a Journey cover band. You can now read two chapters from this opus in print in the new issue of the Air in the Paragraph Line zine. Jon Konrath, the editor, describes the zine thusly: _______________________________________________________________
Air in the Paragraph Line is an anthology of fiction, stories, rants, and tales by up-and-coming writers who are entertaining, obscure, and cutting-edge. It's designed to be readable, enjoyable, and cheap.
Issue 11 is 238 pages with 21 stories by 19 writers and no useless filler, for only $10.99 plus shipping. To order, or for a preview, click here.
I am sure it will provide you all with very entertaining receptionist desk temp job reading, and I thank you for your support.
As cruel as it looks, my care-giver Coolia once again made me a pawn in her desire for fame and riches. She put me in yet another ridiculous high-concept, pop-referential Halloween costume this year in an effort to win the BowWowWeen contest. Nerdia was complacent in the mess. She was my dresser for the event and was highly annoying, always trying to readjust my glasses.
Hear me now. I am not responsible for this. I tried every means to disrobe during our dress rehearsal at the Culver City Petco, a contest which I won, by the way. Coolia learned from the costume malfunctions here and re-tweaked my disguise at home.
If you haven't guessed who I am by now, I don't blame you. People kept calling me a bucket of chicken. But as you can see, the head of Colonel Sanders is cut out of the KFC box. I am wearing black specs, a white coat and a bow tie. Get it now?
I didn't recognize any of the celebs at the BowWowWeen this year, except the Barbie Twins who were there when Nerdia dragged me to another competition this spring: Nutts for Mutts. I don't know what my final vote tally was for BowWowWeen but I'm sure it wasn't helped by the fact that I followed the biggest competition of the day: the eventual event winner - a little scrap of a dog dressed up like a sushi chef. His costume came complete with sushi hut, sushi tray and sushi menu. He even had a little sushi bandana on. The crowd went wild. Then the MC said, "and here comes a bucket of chicken!"
Next year, I'm going to dress up Coolia and Nerdia like Dave Thomas and Ronald McDonald and we'll see how they like it
Due to a move, I’m behind on reviewing Celebrity Paranormal Project. No matter. Every episode is the same. The big-talking gal always performs the biggest histrionics in dark, shows over-involve re-enactments of crimes scenes, overactive ghost-meters and spirit writing, and the final séance is repetitive and freaks everyone and they high-tail it out of there much the same way.
Kick-ass Girl: Even when scared, Rachel kept her cool and never cried or crapped out on a challenge. She also worked hard to calm Traci. I guess if the ghost of Rod Stewart’s dead career doesn’t scare you, nothing else will.
Bad Behavior: All of them were annoying in the home-base banter. Realistic Scare: Mariel having to walk the upper floor of Cell Block C: truly scary.
Traci Lords: show calls her actor. Absolutely no mention of her porn past. Traci had opinionated thoughts about Kimberly going to be the scardy-cat. The reverse was the case.
Gilbert Gottfried: comedian, voice of the AFLAC duck; really funny in the first 15 minutes of the show.
This was the best cast. They all showed affectionate camaraderie from the beginning when they made horror film references walking in. Maybe a love connection was make between Evan and Kimberly. I loved how they all gave love to Ray, the tortured ghost, as they left, too.
Screamers/Losers: Kimberly screamed the loudest but it was Gilbert Gottfried who silently chickened out at the end.
Bawling Girls: Traci Lords freaked out a lot but to her credit, she kept trying and admitted at the end (the first celebrity to do so on the show) that it was probably all in her own head.
Kick-ass Girl: Kimberly got seriously freaked at the end but she never ran and she always laughed about the situations. Kimberly also told Traci “you can do it” when Traci was too scared to sit in the old wheel chair.
David Carradine: from Kung Fu and Kill Bill; he didn’t meld with the group and seemed anti-social. He brought his flute to the initial meeting and said “reality is an unsubstantiated rumor,” something people smoking pot say.
Mia St. John: Pro boxer. Had opinionated thoughts that Bridget would be the biggest wimp. The inverse turned out to be the case.
Coolio: Rapper; very down to earth and smart. When he arrived at the mill he said “thank God for hip-hop” or he’d of had to work in a mill like this.
Ghost: John Tanner, tyrant boss hired by owner. This location actually had the best backstory. The boss terrorized the employees and had a torrid affair with the owner's wife. John mysteriously died when his arm got ripped out by a machine and he bled to death. This was days after the owner found out about the affair. Later the owner was found dead mysteriously and violently. His body was found mangled in a picker machine. His arm no where to be found. There was no power in the Mill at that time.
Kick-ass Girl: Bridget does the scariest tasks. The other’s call her tough. Says she didn’t feel anything.
I was saddened to hear that Robert Altman passed away at 81. He was one of my favorite directors. It's amazing that he was still working and even gave us a great film this year - A Prairie Home Companion. I hope Lindsay Lohan realizes how lucky she was to get to work with him, but somehow I doubt it. Here's a few thoughts on some of his best works - add them to your netflix queue if you havent seen them.
The Player - this was the first Altman movie I saw, and it's still probably my favorite. I loved the commentary on Hollywood, all the celebrity cameos, plus there's a good, suspenseful story.
Nashville - I've seen this one a few times, most memorably at Woodstock 99. When the crowd cheered when the country-singing sweetheart was assasinated while performing, I knew we were in for a bumpy festival.
Short Cuts - this was a dream combination for me - one of my favorite writers, Raymond Carver, and one of my favorite directors. I loved the way the stories were interwoven, how the characters lives intersected. That is my favorite quality of Altman's films - his focus on randomness, coincidence, and connections.
A Prairie Home Companion - I wasn't really familiar with Garrison Keillor's work, but I enjoyed the movie, mostly for the performances of Meryl Streep, Lily Tomlin, Woody Harrellson, and John C. Reilly. It seems fitting that it's his last film, with its meditations on the afterlife through the ghostly character played by Virginia Madsen.
3 Women - I caught this at a revival house this year and was blown away. Shelley Duvall should have been nominated for an oscar. Her character is annoying yet endearing. Sissy Spacek is also excellent.
M*A*S*H - The film that spawned one of the longest running sitcoms in TV history. Not much happens, but it's still entertaining.
Pret a Porter - OK, this one was a bomb, but I still enjoyed it for its all-star cast, the chance it offered for Sophia Loren and Marcello Mastroianni to work together again, and it's fun soundtrack. Here comes the hotstepper!
It's a shame that Altman never won the Oscar for Best Director, but at least the Academy came through with a lifetime achievement award for him this year. Altman left us a legacy of films that will continue to inspire, and there are many I have yet to see. I know I have A Wedding and McCabe and Mrs. Miller on my Tivo right now, and I'm looking forward to watching them. The consolation in losing a great artist is that the work remains.
Hey Howard Stern fans, please take a moment and help out Ape Culture's friend Jeanine. She's doing a paper on Howard Stern fans for a media studies class at Queens College and needs fans to fill out this survey. If you haven't listened since he moved to Sirius, you can still participate. The survey is short and painless.
5. Howard's parents are scheduled to visit the studio to tape a segment of "Meet the Sterns." The taping is cancelled and will be rescheduled, but someone forgets to tell the Sterns, and Howard's mother waits for hours for the car to pick them up on Long Island. Prolonged discussion and shifting of blame ensues.
With questions like these, The Howard Stern Fan Survey is almost as entertaining as the Stern show itself!
My lack of blogging this month can be directly attributed to the fact that I was on jury duty from October 31 through November 15. The trial was dramatic at times – a civil suit involving a brother suing his sister for his share of their parents' estate which he believed she had duped him out of. My fellow jurors were an interesting and largely congenial lot, but throughout the trial I kept wondering what the process would have been like if a certain member of my jury selection pool hadn't been dismissed. I was nearly on a jury with Michael Ovitz.
Although familiar with his resume, I wouldn't have recognized Ovitz in our crowd of 30 candidates if his name hadn't been called.
He was dressed very casually, and the only giveaway was his slightly battered Lakers briefcase. One of my fellow jurors mentioned later that she thought he looked almost homeless. He sat right in front of me, looking peeved, but dutifully performing his civic duty. He conscientiously turned his cell phone off.
Before interviewing anyone, the judge and attorneys read off the names of all potential witnesses in the case. We were supposed to speak up if we knew anyone. Several art gallery representatives were mentioned, and Ovitz piped up to say he knew virtually everyone at every gallery in LA and New York. When the judge questioned him further, he admitted his curator dealt directly with the galleries, but it was possible he might have met the potential unnamed representatives. He also mentioned that he was on the Board of Trustees of MOMA. The judge wasn't impressed, and Ovitz remained on the roster.
The attorneys and judge questioned the first 12 panelists, which didn't include Ovitz or myself. They let a couple folks go. It was then time for a lunch break, and Ovitz approached the clerk and asked if he could speak with the judge. The clerk said no. "Please," he pleaded, "If I can just have a minute with the judge…" No dice. He would have to come back after lunch with the rest of us peons.
After lunch, we milled around in the hallway waiting to be called back into the courtroom. Ovitz was called in by himself. Now I was sure he'd get off the hook, but, surprisingly, he was sitting there looking dejected when we went back in the courtroom. More potential jurors were interviewed, including myself. They didn't question us very intensely, and I couldn't really detect a pattern to why they let some people go and kept others. An actress named Susan Egan got off the hook because she told the judge she had a concert in New York coming up, and if the trial ran a bit long, she'd miss the show. But when I mentioned I had travel plans that same weekend to visit my father who was undergoing cancer treatment, the judge only asked me if it would really matter if I went there a couple days later. I googled Susan and discovered she was the original Belle in Broadway's Beauty and the Beast. I guess it's good she didnt end up on the jury. If she'd eaten in the courthouse cafeteria with the rest of us, all the cups and forks might have started dancing and caused a disturbance.
In the end, only 2 people remained in the room who were not interviewed – one woman and Ovitz. I became Juror #12. Ovitz and the remaining few cast-offs were sent home, and the rest of us were sworn in and began serving on a trial that was supposed to last 7 or 8 days but ended up lasting 10. Among the jurors were several self-employed people and one minimum-wage worker whose job would not pay him while he was on the jury. Off the jury was one unemployed power broker whose $38 million cash and $100 million stock Disney severance package would have made it hard for him to plead financial hardship.
A few days later, I took some friends who were visiting from New York to their first Laker game, and I bought lower level seats so they could be assured some star sightings. It was a fairly sparse night, but we did spy Dian Cannon, Tobey Maguire, Ashton Kutcher with Demi's kids, Andy Garcia, and Matthew Perry. And we also saw Michael Ovitz, arriving late and settling into his courtside seat, which was probably a lot more comfortable than the jury box.
I gleefully volunteered to cover weekly episodes of Celebrity Paranormal Project as I was happily addicted to its mother show, Fear, which aired on MTV in the late 90s. A handful of impressionable youths, (25 years old and under – me and my co-worker Justin checked it out), were left alone to investigate haunted places with ineffectual flashlights and ghost-hunting gadgets hanging off their backs. You never got the impression the ghosts were anything more than pranks played by sadistic producers, but the show was still scary. The kids screamed like they were having the bejesus scared out of them. I rooted for the girls, hoping a few would show some backbone in front of the boys (who got freaked, too, but maintained their composure). Most girls went to jelly right away, never making it overnight to collect the measly 3k offered as a reward. The show disappeared like an apparition itself until recently. VH1 played homage on season 3 of Surreal Life. I fondly remember Charo screaming down the halls of some derelict building. Now celebs have been matched to Fear fulltime. It’s a brilliant media morph and makes you wonder how far VH1 can push desperate celebs in hard times.
Sent to the famously haunted tuberculosis sanitarium, Waverly Hills, in Kentucky (The Ghost Hunters have already been here), Gary Busey, Toccara (a model from America’s Next Top Model), Donna d’Errico (an original babe from Babywatch), Jenna Morasca (winner of Survivor Amazon), and Hal Sparks (comedian from Talk Soup) started the show with a decidedly C-level cast. In fact, I don’t know any of the celebs except Gary Busey, but I feel he’s scary enough to carry the show. We heard crazy talk about his spirit abilities he claimed to have received after his motorcycle accident. He hugged everyone in the cast which he said was a “blessing of his energy.” He tried to calm scared celebs by telling them Jesus was their savior. But we got a glimpse of his un-Chirstian-like temper in a “shut the F. up” altercation with Toccara. To her credit, she wasn't intimidated at all. Later in the show Gary makes a questionable comment about the color quality of the shadow people who walk the haunted halls. He says “black ones are the bad ones,” a comment which doesn’t go unnoticed by Toccara.
Toccara is there for a scary experience – and she leaves empty handed. She is the true skeptic on the show. And I like her for it….until she says “What's tuberculosis?” Frankly, that scares me. The boys explain it to her – none of the girls pipe up. Hold the ghosts; I’m darn tooten terrified by now.
Hal, the comedian, calls himself a professional jerk; but he must not be a good one because he did nothing particularly jerky on the show, except make a lot of bad jokes.
And Jenna Morasca can survive the Amazon amongst a bunch of back-stabbing contestants but she’s the first to crumble when she hears a noise in the dark. What’s scarier: starvation or a little red ball finding its way into the hall?
Much of the same hoopla of Fear has returned, including hyperbolic props (a spirit scroll looked more like something made by Parker Bros.), abandoned, paint-peeled locales, an ominous computer program that spits out directions to the cast, and funny camera angles to capture their blood curdling screams. However, nothing happens that isn’t explainable as a behind-the-scenes prank. The computer claims a door has been left shut. The celebrities find it open. Do they think maybe the crew has been screwing around? Never. Either they've been coached to freak out or they truly are Gullible Gilligans.
Bad Behavior: Busey pushes a team member out of the way to comfort Jenna. He also bullies the team into choosing the 5th floor as the haunted heart of the sanitarium.
Realistic Scare: After spirit writing, Hal and Jenna both feel cold and nauseous and want to throw up. Busey says, “Spiritual writing, buddy -- it's never wrong.”
At the end, the cast uses the spirit scroll to ask the spirits to “go and leave us in peace,” an insulting request really. Who went calling on the ghosts in the first place?
I could have sworn I saw preview footage of Gary Busey throwing furniture around a room? What happened to that? Gary claims this show is imperative to watch. Hal claims Gary is the scariest part of the show. Gary talks about the ghosts, “When you get afraid, they’ll tease you.”
This show gets under your skin. When The Edgar Winter Dog growled in his sleep last night, I sat right up.
For the love of God, if I could somehow learn how to paw the damn remote. For six hours Nerdia and her bf, my bff&e, and I watched a vapid 1983 Australian mini-series called Return to Eden. I tried to distract them with toys and head-butts to no avail. Our heroine-without- a-personality, Stephanie Harper (who becomes Tara Wells after a temporary memory loss and near death experience), was a heiress with children who marries a pompous tennis star for her money and her best friend. The plot takes an interesting turn when the tennis star throws Steffy into a river full of crocodiles. Inexplicably, the heiress survives and is nursed to health by an outback loner we never see again and by a plastic surgeon who falls in love with her, scars and all. He isn't even bothered by her lack of personality. He remakes her into a beauty and confesses undying love for her. She leaves him and moves back to town deciding to become a super-model in a strange plot for revenge against her husband and husband-stealing friend. At this point, I'm licking my balls because she doesn't even make an effort to find her kids and tell them she's okay. She doesn't even go to the police! It's all part of her nefarious plan. She becomes a huge success. Meanwhile, the tennis star finds out he will not get access to the family fortune for seven years and his relationship deteriorates with the friend because she turns into a sloppy drunk out of guilt or boredom, I'm just a dog and can't connect the dots here. I found myself lying listless on the sofa, yearning for someone there to get a clue and turn the channel. Part of Stephanie's looney plan was to make her tennis star husband re-fall in love with her as Tara Wells so she can string him along. Hours later, the tennis star confesses to Tara that he never loved Stephanie. And Stephanie/Tara appears suddenly hurt. As if being thrown to crocodiles wasn't a big enough clue. Meanwhile, the plastic surgeon from the island keeps coming back and pledging undying love for her. She rebuffs him for some reason unknown to dogs and man and he starts stalking her. I'm creeped out by the whole cast at this point. The payoff, when Stephanie unveils her true identity, is truly anticlimactic. The tennis star decides to rekill her. The sloppy drunk runs around the ranch like a headless chicken and no one behaves with any kind of conviction. I could have done a better job on this convoluted, senseless script. Nerdia and her bf, my bff&f, thought parts were hilariously over-dramatic and they kept humming the ridiculous Falcon-Crest like theme song all night. In the end, my bff&e said all the characters seemed to be in their own mini-series with a myriad of non-connecting character arcs. He only kept watching to figure out Stephanie's hidden scheme. I did enjoy the special feature interview with Aussie pop frontman of The Australian Crawl, Janes Ryene, who played the tennis snob. He seemed to have a sense of humor about the whole thing. In retrospect, he did a great job in his first acting job. But was it worth six hours of my short furry life? Hardly. Once Nerdia and her bf, my bff&e, had the gall to fall asleep with the TV on. I had a dream I was a model with poofy hair and puffy dog-shirt sleeves.
I found some bloooawg....to take away the heartache, to take away the loneliness I beean feelin' since you been gone....since you've been gone....gone blogging.
You're not getting enough Cher coverage are you? You need it on a weekly basis, no doubt. This is why I (Cher Scholar in another incarnation) have decided, for some reason unknown even to myself, to start a Cher blog in order to wax philosophical about Cher and life. The blog was launched just in time for all the Cher auction brouhaha last week when Cher sold 700 knick knacks in order to redecorate her Malibu mansion. Okay...some of the cash will be given to charity, too. Coolia and I chat during the auction about one hot item Coolia coveted, an armadillo lamp given to Cher by Gene Simmons. Did Coolia lose her bids? Or did she overspend and wind up one of recipients of one of Cher's charities? Rest assured: snarkiness will abound! Check it out: http://cherscholar.typepad.com/
Wow, what a great Project Runway reunion special tonight! Of course, it would have been better if they actually waited 'til the show was over and we had a winner, so we could hear everyone's opinion on the winner, but I guess it's more important for Bravo to draw out the suspense and run 13 more days of marathons before wrapping it up with a bow and a rosette.
Since the beginning of this season, Vincent Libretti has been my favorite, and the show's been a bit dull for me since he was auf'd (twice). I really can't explain why he turns me on. Is it perhaps his repetition of phrases like "it turns me on" and "it gets me off" that have seeped into my subconscious? Was it inappropriate of me in the supermarket checkout line today when asked by an elderly shopper why I was buying so much Vitamin Water when it wasn't even on sale to say "it turns me on"? It just seems like the perfect answer to most any question, or at least an answer that can end any unwanted conversation.
There was a great "it turns me on" medley of Vincent on the show tonight and also some quite damning footage of him calling all the other designers amateurs and then ripping into a poor production assistant because his laundry was done against his wishes and a $125 shirt was ruined. I am willing to forgive these drama king moments and just reflect on the wonder of Vincent. Let's not forget his recycled dress with the bits of paper stuck all over it or his basket hat. And let's remember that he actually did win a challenge - the Everyday Woman challenge - even if he did benefit from having one of the thinner everyday women as a model. There's something to be said for a guy who can get kicked off the show twice and still speak about himself with the utmost confidence and admiration. The dude redefines self-love - he gets himself off! And then there's my favorite Vincent moment, which came at the end of the recycling challenge. Laura, whose ponytail must be pulled so tight that it makes her tense, took exception to his continued existence on the show: "She couldn't f*cking walk in that dress, Vincent!" And a dead-pan Vincent retorted, "Why don't you go shove some Harry Winstons up your nose."
So, Vincent, after watching your video clip on Bravotv.com in which you lambaste bloggers for calling you crazy and potentially a serial killer or child molester, I wanted you to read a positive blog entry about yourself. I think there's one in here somewhere.
I work for Google, and I happened to visit the Googleplex, corporate headquarters in Silicon Valley, on Wednesday, which happened to be Google's 8th birthday, which happened to be celebrated with a free acoustic set by Good Charlotte. Whee! I have to say this kind of thing never happened when I worked at McKinsey. The closest thing we got to entertainment was new partners dancing in tutus at the holiday party as a hazing rite.
I'd heard of the band but didn't know much about them. Their hit "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" has been in heavy rotation on my "workout" playlist on my ipod for quite a while. I hoped they'd sing it, and I wasn't disappointed.
The whole band didn't show up - just the twin Madden brothers - singer Joel and guitarist Benji. Their 20-minute set included a lot of chatter, well-received comments like "Yahoo sucks", and 3 songs: "Girls and Boys", "Just Wanna Live", and the aforementioned "Lifestyles". They made jokes about googling themselves. The crowd of roughly 1500 googlers seemed to enjoy themselves, although no mosh pit formed.
Good Charlotte was better than I'd expect a band whose singer dates Hilary Duff to be. Their lyrics were smart and funny, and they had decent harmonies that you can't really detect when they're plugged in. I promise I'll never confuse them with the band with the singer who's married to Avril Lavigne again.
Once again, the home video footage painted Dilana in an unflattering light. Her aversion to listening to the original version of "Behind Blue Eyes" was odd and added to her cocky image. I thought she did a nice job freshening up the tune although the version was similar to what she's done in the past - stark opening followed by crescendo. Her original didn't do anything for me. 40 minutes after watching it, I can't remember what it was about much less a lyric or tune
I think Magni is the least original of the remaining 5. While he always gives a capable performance, he never rocks it out of the park. I'd agree with Gilby that his original had more fire than any of his past performances, but that's still not enough.
Wow, Storm raised the game tonight. I thought she really eclipsed Dilana. Not only is she hotter than Dilana, she has a great pure voice, and she can write. I really liked her original. It definitely sounded like something that at least Tommy would like as it has a slight hip hop hook to the chorus, while still rockin. She also did a good job with the Bowie song and showed she was comfortable with Navarro on stage - he didn't outshine her.
I actually hated Lukas' version of the Bon Jovi song. I thought he was trying to force his interpretation on it, without really feeling the song. And his slowed down version wasn't all that fresh, as Bon Jovi frequently does the song acoustically. But I really liked his original. He has such energy and rawness - I can't take my eyes off him when he performs.
After impressing Gilby in the songwriting challenge, Toby showed his performance wasn't a fluke by coming up with one of the best originals. It was definitely catchy and entertaining and he worked the room (literally). I thought he gave a nice energetic performance of the Killers track too, even if it wasn't anything new.
I liked this song. It was catchy, if not really special vocally. It's far too poppy for this band, however, and I think its inappropriateness along with Patrice having to sing first will finally buy her that plane ticket home.
Magni looked hot in his stocking cap, even if it's still Summer. His vocal was too shouty for my taste, but he did have good energy.
I just don't know what to make of Ryan. Some weeks he leaves me cold, and then he'll pull off a performance like this one which was just riveting, sexy, and fun. This song was much better suited to Supernova than Patrice's or Zayra's from last week. He rocked hard and had terrific stage presence and energy. I'd say the only misstep was smashing the guitar. Because Supernova had just suggested that move to Magni, it seemed forced and stagey for Ryan to do it.
I had picked Storm to make the Top Two, but I'm doubting it now. Yes, she did a capable job with a tough Aerosmith tune, but she didn't add anything very original to it. Like Gilby pointed out, it wasn't memorable. I still think she's got the chops to front this band, and it's her performance of the Dramarama song that sticks with me. But she's gonna have to really bring it to stay alive.
Those crazy eyelashes were distracting to me, and there's an unsettling arrogance creeping into Dilana's performances, as exemplified by her chanting of her own name. Of course, cockiness is well-suited to cock rock, and maybe she thinks such an attitude will compensate for her lack of a cock. It's just not my cuppa tea, although I still love watching her perform. It was smart of her to mention her strained relationship with her mother as it humanizes her. I have to give her credit for doing the naked run around the pool to get the song, too. She's still the front runner.
I really don't like Clapton or this song, so I give props to Toby for his new arrangement, which made it come alive for me. Of course, when he took off his shirt, I was fully awake. He's definitely the front runner if they want a hot guy leading the band, and he can sing and work the crowd, too, as this performance demonstrated.
This was the perfect song for Lukas, as I've said he seems better suited for a band like The Killers than Supernova. He did make the song a bit more metal, or at least punk, as he really reminded me of Sid Vicious with his vocal stylings and gyrations. He's always fun to watch, even if he seems to be brooding a bit too much on the sidelines when others perfom - so angst-ridden, it hurts.
I am pleased to share some exciting news with you. Today I was named "Hot Slut of the Day" by dlisted.com. This is quite an honor, so I have prepared a brief speech.
Firstly, I would like to thank God, even though some would say he did not give me a soul. Secondly, I'd like to thank dlisted.com, my favorite celeb gossip site that has taught me to stay away from skanks like "Parasite Hilton" (no, I would not hit it). Thirdly, I have to thank Coolia and Nerdia for winning me on Who Gets the Dog and giving me a web platform. Of course, none of this would have been possible if the Who Gets the Dog producers hadn't plucked me from the friendly care of Perfect Pet Rescue, and if Perfect Pet Rescue hadn't nabbed me from the streets of Compton (West Siyeede!). And finally, I have to thank all of you, my wonderful fans, who I hope will continue to vote for me once per day until Sept 4 so that I can be the new spokesdog for Lassie Natural Way dog food. I'm currently in 2nd place and climbing fast!
I'm not sure what this indicates about me, but I have two rock obsessions - Ozzy and Gene Simmons - and now both of them have had reality shows about their families. I don't think Gene Simmons' Family Jewels is going to have the same success as The Osbournes, but that's OK, because Gene has about 150 other projects to fall back on (when is that KISSino opening in Vegas anyway?).
Gene asks the kids to plan a surprise birthday party for Shannon, but Shannon and the kids turn the tables on him by throwing him a surprise wedding instead, complete with a rabbi! Oh, the hilarity. This is supposed to be funny because Gene swears he will never marry Shannon, the mother of his two teen kids, Nick and Sophie. It isn't funny because (a) Gene has many gifts but comedic timing isn't one of them, and (b) it's so contrived. The best thing about The Osbournes was that not much happened on the episodes. Ozzy taking out the trash became a hilarious ballet. This episode seemed more scripted than most sitcoms.
Cute and charming son Nick is leading a new rock band, but Gene wants to take over as manager. He books Nick a gig before Nick and the boys have even written a song! This episode was marginally better, largely because Nick is a natural in front of the camera and has the most winning personality of them all. It also succeeded because it relied on poking fun at Gene's pomposity, not on Gene being funny.
This was the best episode yet. First, Gene has to recover from the indignity of not being recognized by a studio security guard. Then, the whole family makes cracks about Gene's hair, and we actually get to see a stylist come over and "create" the hair. Unfortunately, this sequence went too quickly and I couldn't tell if it was a transplant, a weave, or what. I have been wondering what's going on with his hair for years. I always thought it looked like he had a dead animal on his head, but Nick described it as "a military helmet." More of this, please. If you have theories on his hair, please leave a comment.
As Nick prepares to take his driving test, Gene bets him that he can score higher. Gene is known for being a terrible driver, since he grew up in NYC and only started to drive in his 30s. The loser has to face public humiliation by standing on a street corner in Beverly Hills with a sign saying "I am the world's worst driver". Again, this episode fell flat for me, as it was such a contrived premise. These types of contests don't happen in everyday homes or celeb homes - only in The Brady Bunch house (who can forget Greg's and Marsha's battle of the sexes driving competition and Greg losing when he knocked the egg off the pylon?).
Shannon tricks Gene into going to a fat camp weekend, where he moans about having to exercise, tries to get her into bed, and bribes a resort worker to bring him fast food and a TV. Meanwhile, Aunt Tracy babysits the kids and lets them run wild, even venturing into the sacred KISS museum. Sounds like a synopsis from Full House doesn't it? I'd much rather watch Gene talk on the phone all day hatching brilliant ideas like the KISS coffin and Shannon evaluating scripts for soft-core skinimax flicks.
Basically, this show is trying too hard, and it's too rigidly scripted. Gene comes off stiff, and Shannon comes off like a harpie. There are no family fights at all, and that was always the most entertaining part of The Osbournes or any reality show. The kids seem amazingly down to earth, and so far they are saving the show even if they aren't creating drama. Things might get better - a visit to Gene's mom in NYC is coming up, and that's sure to be amusing. I hope in a future episode, "Uncle Ace" comes to visit, raids the liquor cabinet and won't leave.
Inspired by a great documentary about the little candidate who could, Can Mr. Smith Get to Washington?, we're mounting our own grass roots campaign here at the ApeBlog. We're trying to get our mascot, The Edgar Winter Dog, elected spokesmodel for Lassie Natural Way dog food. So far we've moved him from a cast of hundreds of dogs to #8! We need your help to push him over the top. Simply visit this link and cast a vote. You can vote for him once a day until the contest ends on Aug 21. Make a little albino dog's dream come true!
Those of you in LA will have a chance to see this political documentary at the Nuart Theater, 11272 Santa Monica Blvd in West LA.
Tix are not available online - only at the box office. This is a preview screening for Oscar qualification and hopefully if Angelenos support it, the movie will get a wider run soon.
Coolia: That vegas suite was amazing - a bowling alley?? I wish they had showed us more of the debauchery. I guess nobody hooked up.
Coolia: I thought this was a pretty song. Her delivery was passionate, and she had a cool skirt and seemed less insane than usual. However, the song wasn't appropriate for the band at all. Like the guys, I was shocked that the singers weren't fighting over the chance to sing an original.
Terry: I applaud her for fighting for the "original". And, this was the FIRST and ONLY time that her performance did not remind me of Bjork. She sounded beautiful. However, I thought she looked terrible (which I didn't realize was possible) and, as always, she...just....does...NOT....fit....this....band!!
Coolia: I missed most of this because I was heating up my dinner. I liked his suit and thought it was a good vocal, what I heard anyway.
Coolia: Her vocal was okay but flat at times. She didn't bring anything new to the song. Plain, unoriginal, far too safe. I think she bought her plane ticket home.
Terry: Is is just me or does she look like a crazed Skeletor at times? I don't know but something about her would scare me if I was left alone in a with her. Her performance gave us nothing new and she did way too much smiling for such a somber song. This did not work for me at all. Lacked originalty, intensity and just stunk up the place.room
Coolia: I do love this song, and I love what Lukas did with it. He has such a distinctive vocal style and so much confidence. Awesome.
Terry: I liked his arrangement. I could definitley see/hear him with this band. An encore contender. However, I agree with Tommy. I did not like the sitting down thing for him and this song.
Coolia: At first, I was afraid. Then, I was laughing. This was really, really bad. I'm disappointed in Storm, but I blame the song choice more than her. She seemed like she was doing Cake's version of the song, but she didnt add anything to it. She didn't rock it out at all and she didn't have any real feeling or desperation behind her vocal. I'll give her credit for a nice save for saying "I like spankings" after the guys criticized her.
Terry: What happened, babe? Can't handle partying with the big boys!? This was by far her worst performance. Vocals, arrangement and stage presence all just not good. Not good at all. First time I have even considered her a possible bottom 3 contender.
Coolia: I love this song, but I wasn't blown away by Toby's version. Of course, I love that he ran around naked to get the song - that definitely shows he wants to win, plus there's no other contestant I'd want to see naked. Tommy is right - "Nice Ass!" I liked that he played the bongos, but he could have interacted with Gilby a bit and showed a bit more confidence. A good vocal, but not great.
Terry: I disagree with the band completely. I thought his voice was WAY too high and his arrangement was just a lame kareoke cover and lacked any angst. Paled, paled, PALED by comparison to the original. I liked the bongos, but that was the only thing I liked about this.
Coolia: This was definitely a strong vocal but it seemed very stagey and fake intense to me, kinda Broadway. He was forcing the intensity the way Dana used to. This is not in the same league as Nonpoint's remake of this song (on the Miami Vice movie soundtrack). Plus the way they shot him with the white light over his head and he's in the black outfit gave me flashbacks to Idol and Pickler doing Bohemian Rhapsody and that just took me out of the moment.
Terry: I prefer the original but I dug his take. At least he imbued the darkness that embodies the song. Good verging on very good. A possible encore contender.
Coolia: I still love Dilana but this was just aiight for me. I have to say I was put off by the fact that she didn't bother to switch genders in the lyrics and kept referring to herself as "dad". She's always compelling, but I wasn't blown away.
Terry: Again, I still prefer the original but she did great and did the song justice. Her voice fit the pain in the song. Very, very, very good!! This chick rocks. Should be the front runner for this banc by far at this stage of the game. She is the ONLY one who has stepped it up each and every single week.
Terry: Bottom 3: Patrice, Zayra, Toby / Going home: Patrice (Zayra SO does not fit this band but at least she consistantly sings well and is interesting; whereas, Patrice consistantly stinks up the
place....long past due for Patrice to go home / Encore: Dilana (although, I would not be surprised if either Lukas or Ryan gets it...but Dilana deserves it most of all!)
Hello fans, I know it has been a while since I last posted, but I have been busy trying to get an agent and continue my 15 minutes of fame that began in Fall 2004 with my appearance on Animal Planet's Who Gets the Dog. Since then I've had a few brushes with fame in Nuts for Mutts dog shows, but no real break. Now's my chance...and you can help! I am competing to be the new spokesmodel for Lassie Natural Way dog food. I would get to be on a TV commercial (please dont make me run from a chuck wagon...it's so undignified) and be on the dog food bag! All you need to do is follow this link and vote for me. You can vote once a day until the contest ends on Aug 21. Please make my dream a reality!
The cylinder valve is where your air delivery system starts, so why compromise the performance of your regulator with an inferior manifold system? The Apeks range of manifolds and cylinder valves feature a metallic reinforced, soft grip and shock resistant hand-wheel, double O Ring sealing and nickel plated internal parts for high gas flow and superior performance.
To be serviced every 2.5 years by an authorised Apeks service technician. Time scales may vary in different locations, please refer to local regulations in your region.
In the mid-1970s, two friends decided to combine their knowledge of diving and precision engineering. Working from a small garage in the north of England, they set about creating what has become some of the most respected scuba diving equipment on the market.
Decades later that spirit of precision-engineering and craftsmanship continues. Our world-class production facility and the fact that we have total control over every manufacturing process make Apeks scuba diving regulators the industry benchmark for design, quality and performance.
Inspired by technical diving and designed for all, the full range of Apeks scuba diving equipment, which now includes regulators, bladders, drysuits, instruments and accessories, has been adopted by technical divers around the world. Apeks scuba diving equipment is being used to explore some of the deepest, coldest and most advanced dive environments on earth. Because when the environment demands, only one thing matters; that your dive kit is designed, developed and tested to keep you safe and comfortable.
The novel is available via Baker & Taylor at wholesale prices for retailers, bookstores, and libraries worldwide. Click the link to order.
Author Keri Topouzian discusses his novel, "A Perfect Armenian" and the real history that surrounds the novel's fictional characters. This Q&A is part of the audio book due in June 2014.
Thursday, February 5, 2015 at 8:17PM creativeteam Share Article Email Article Print Article in Armenian Life, Surviving Armenia Series
On the night of April 24, 1915, the Turkish government placed over 200 Armenian community leaders under arrest in Constantinople, starting the beginning of a Genocide that swept throughout the Armenian population by way of death marches and murder. Before WWI, there were 2 million Armenians. By 1918, at the end of the War, there were less than 400,000.
The Turkish government still denies their role as the perpetrators of this genocide. With the 100th anniversary in 2015, the Turkish government is attempting to reframe “the event” as shared suffering.
During book signings for my novel, A Perfect Armenian, I’ve heard jaw-dropping tales from readers whose families survived the Armenian Genocide.
The stories are terrible, colorful, awe inspiring, and touching. I’ve captured some of this history through a series of interviews with these families. Their sagas not only honor the upcoming 100-year anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, they celebrate the triumphant spirits that allowed survivors to tell their incredible family stories.
My father’s name is Armenag. I’ve heard family stories in bits and pieces throughout my life, but never from start to finish from my Dad. So I decided to interview him about his parents, Mihran and Varsenig Topouzian. It was a wonderful time to spend with my father.
His parents were from the villages of Bardizag and Tchingeler respectively. Bardizag was a large town in the western part of the Ottoman Empire made up of all types of nationalities; Armenians, Greeks, Turks and more. But Tchingeler was a small village of a thousand families purely of Armenian decent. You can only imagine that in a village of this size that everyone knew everything about everyone. When I interviewed my father, he first spoke of his mother’s stories about Tchingeler, so this is the path we will now follow first, as well.
Varsenig was born in 1904. She had two brothers; the older Diran and the younger Vramshabouh. Her parents were Minas and Martha Pashayan. Living in Tchingeler one hundred years ago was very different than it is today. The main economy for the village was the production of silk. My father remembers his mother telling him that at night when they were in bed, they could hear the silkworms munching on mulberry leaves. Mulberry leaves were the staple food for silkworms. One of the challenges with the silk industry was to keep the worms healthy, and apparently, many Armenians would get training in Constantinople to become a “chemist” or a specialist in silkworm dynamics.
To make extra money, my father’s grandfather, Minas would travel to Constantinople, which was a two to three day journey by land and water. His ability to speak and write Turkish fluently and without accent was a skill needed by certain Turkish businesses in that great metropolitan city. If you spoke Turkish, you could trade with local and European companies.
Unfortunately, normal life in Tchingeler all came to an end with the start of World War I and the initiation of the Christian (Armenian) Genocide by the Ottoman Turks. The wave of chaos that started in the eastern Ottoman Empire, hit the small village of Tchingeler by September of 1915.
One of the first events that reshaped Tchingeler was when Turkish officials came to this tiny village and posted a decree on the church doors. There was only one church in Tchingeler. The decree directed all Armenians to leave their belongings and valuables inside of the church and to not lock the church doors or the doors of their homes. The decree further told the villagers that they were going to be moved to another area that would be “safer” during the war and that their belongings would be kept safe until they returned.
I remember my grandmother telling me this same story twenty years ago and when my father told me this story again, the thoughts that were going through my mind were “You really believed these sons of bitches?” Then I remembered the look on my grandmother’s face when she relayed her version of the story and the sincerity that was in her voice.
They needed to believe this. And my grandmother's story brings her into the desert and into great tragedy.
NOTE: This module is primarily intended for use with LoopBack 2.0. It does work with LoopBack 1.x applications, but none of the LoopBack 1.x examples or generated code (scaffolding) use it.
If the object has no appRootDir property then it sets the current working directory as the application root directory.
NOTE: The version 2.0 of loopback-boot changed the way how models are created. The model-config.json file contains only configuration options like dataSource and extra relations. To define a model, create a per-model JSON file in models/ directory.
NOTE: Mixing bootLoopBackApp(app, bootConfig) and app.model(name, modelConfig) in multiple files may result in models being undefined due to race conditions. To avoid this when using bootLoopBackApp() make sure all models are passed as part of the models definition.
Environment type, defaults to process.env.NODE_ENV or development. Common values are development, staging and production; however the applications are free to use any names.
The Client class provides a unified pubsub client in node.js and browsers. It supports subscribing to topics or topic patterns (topics + wildcards). Clients can connect to brokers or bridges that support the client.adapter’s protocol.
Called once the adapter has successfully finished publishing the message (usually once the buffer is flushed).
Israeli mayor finds thorns in 'village of roses'. - Architects and Planners for Justice in Palestine
UK architects, planners and other construction industry professionals campaigning for a just peace in Israel/Palestine.
The head of a Jewish local council of Kfar Vadim (vaiilage of roses) in the Galilee halted the marketing of housinglots after half the bid winners were Arabs.
Hamas has scheduled an anti-Israel protest by Gaza residents, touted as “the Journey of Great Return,” for March 30. The date picked for this mass march, on the same day Israel’s Arab citizens hold their annual Land Day demonstrations, is hardly coincidental. This is the best date on which to mobilize Palestinian brothers in the Israeli Arab towns of Sakhnin and Tarshiha against the “Zionist enemy” that expropriated their lands in 1976. While Israel has spared no effort over the years to deepen the divide between the Palestinian communities in its midst and their sister towns and villages in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, occupation and deprivation have joined against Israel to counter this endeavor. The demographic time bomb — the term used to describe the threat of population parity between Jews and Arabs — coupled with the evils of racism show that a Jewish-Zionist identity is not compatible with democracy and equality. The latest proof can be found in the Galilee community of Kfar Vradim, Hebrew for “Village of Roses.”
The trouble began when head of the local council, Sivan Yechieli, realized that 58 families, about half the number that had won bids to buy housing lots in the community, were Arab residents of the nearby Jewish-Arab town of Maalot-Tarshiha. Despite the fact that a large part of the land on which Kfar Vradim was built in the 1980s was expropriated from the Arabs of Tarshiha, leaving them virtually without land reserves,Yechieli announced March 16 that he had decided to halt the planned marketing of additional lots. The reason he cited: the community’s “Jewish, Zionist and secular nature.” In a letter to residents, Yechieli said, “It is important to discuss majority rights, among them the right to sustain a community that preserves agreed-upon core values.” He added that unless Kfar Vradim, with the help of the government, can “provide a balanced demographic response that promises sustainability for the nature of the community, we will halt the marketing.” Almost in the same breath, he said, “In principle, every citizen of the State of Israel is welcome to live in our town.”
Just imagine the commotion in Jerusalem were the mayor of New York to prevent Jews from buying apartments in one of New York's upscale neighborhoods, citing a threat to the character of the community and its “demographic balance.” However, a loophole in the Israeli law banning communities from discriminating against housing seekers based on sex, religion, nationality, race, etc., provides for “a balanced demographic response” through the back door. In September 2014, the Israeli Supreme Court upheld an amendment to the law, allowing admission committees in certain communities to reject potential residents based on “incompatibility with the community’s social-cultural fabric” and “specific characteristics of the community as anchored in its articles of incorporation.”
In a January 2017 Knesset debate on the issue, Adi Nir Binyamini of Tel Aviv University’s law clinics testified, “Certain communities do not accept people from certain groups.” As a result, she added, members of groups subjected to historic discrimination do not even try for acceptance into such communities. She described the heavy sense of exclusion felt by people facing a screening committee with its intrusive questions about their families.
Arabs wishing to move into certain types of communities in the Galilee and Negev regions are invited to convince screening committees that they can fit in with the local social-cultural fabric, but the law does not define Kfar Vradim as that type of community. Thus, for example, if an Israeli-Arab brain surgeon from Tarshiha wins a bid for a lot in Kfar Vradim, he will not even get an opportunity to convince the leaders of the Jewish community that he would not sully the local rosy character. On the other hand, as far as these leaders are concerned, a violent drug pusher born to a Jewish mother could fare just fine.
Yechieli claimed his views represent those of most local residents. To which views was he referring? The one that preserving the community’s Jewish character justifies discrimination based on religion and ethnicity, or the one that approves of all Israeli citizens living wherever they want? Either way, a person who screens his neighbors according to their origin, like some sort of bouncer in a disreputable nightclub, is at the helm of a local authority in Israel. Not only that, but Kfar Vradim is hardly a West Bank bastion of the ultra-right. If election results are anything to go by, most of its residents espouse liberal values such as equality and coexistence. Almost half (48%) voted in 2015 for the center-left Zionist Camp, 13% for the centrist Yesh Atid party and 12% for the left-wing Meretz party.
A political furor broke out this week when Israeli officials cited Palestinian data indicating that the number of Arabs in the West Bank, Gaza and Israel proper had reached parity with the number of Jews — 6.5 million. This furor, in turn, brought back to the headlines the so-called demographic devil.
This “demographic devil” and its evil twin, the “racism devil,” have never differentiated between left and right. The project to bolster the Jewish majority in the Galilee region was adopted in the mid-1970s by the first government of Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres, then leaders of the center-left Labor party, which expropriated 20,000 dunams (nearly 5,000 acres) of Arab lands to expand Jewish towns and villages. While Arabs privately owned 6,300 dunams of these lands, 80% were allocated to Jewish communities. “Land Day” was declared to protest that decision and commemorate the six Arabs shot dead by Israeli police and soldiers during riots that ensued in several Arab villages in the Galilee.
The Or Commission was established to examine rioting by Arab Israelis in October 2000, in which 13 demonstrators (12 Israeli-Arabs and one Palestinian resident of the West Bank) were killed by police fire. The committee studied meticulously the reasons behind the outburst in the Arab villages. And while examining these reasons, the committee also referred to the 1976 Land Day events and ensuing frustrations within the Israeli-Arab population. The committee argued that for many Arabs, the March 30, 1976, protest constituted “a formative experience.”
The report the committee submitted to the government in 2003 said the decision to “Jewify the Galilee” nurtured a sense among the Arab minority that Israeli democracy was in essence an “ethnocracy” — measurably less democratic toward the Arabs and measurably more democratic toward the Jews. Committee members noted that reasonable harmony in relations between a majority and minority is hard to achieve but is a task incumbent on all segments of society. The committee members warned that shirking this responsibility, or carrying it out in unsatisfactory fashion, gives rise to feelings and a reality of deprivation that could intensify over time. Almost 15 years have gone by since the report was issued. This week's twin protests of Land Day and the mass march of the Journey of Great Return on March 30 will merge the sense of deprivation felt by Israel’s Arab citizens and Gaza’s stateless Palestinians.
On March 21, the Ministry of Justice issued the first report of the Government Unit for Coordinating the Struggle Against Racism, established following manifestations of racism against Israel’s Ethiopian immigrants. Summing up his introduction to the report, former Supreme Court Justice Elyakim Rubinstein, who heads the public council advising the unit, wrote the following: “Racism is a tapeworm that can beget others. … It is like any other phobia directed at 'the other.'”
Yesterday “the other” was a Palestinian from Gaza, today it’s an Israeli Arab from Tarshiha, tomorrow a Jewish immigrant from Ethiopia. Who's next?
Akiva Eldar is a columnist for Al-Monitor’s Israel Pulse. He was formerly a senior columnist and editorial writer for Haaretz and also served as the Hebrew daily’s US bureau chief and diplomatic correspondent. His most recent book (with Idith Zertal), Lords of the Land, on the Jewish settlements, was on the best-seller list in Israel and has been translated into English, French, German and Arabic.
1. If you have bought RDP in-app item, please enter settings then tap “restore features” to get bought item back.
WiFi Mouse supports speech-to-text as well as multi-finger trackpad gestures. WiFi Mouse enables you to control your PC, MAC or HTPC effortlessly through a local network connection.Features:
This entry was posted in Android Apps and tagged Android 2.1 and Up, Free APK Downloads, premium, tools, WiFi Mouse Pro Apk . Bookmark the permalink.
Sorry, an error occurred. If you are unsure on how to use a feature, or don't know why you got this error message, try looking through the help files for more information.
When a friend insists on enlightening others with his political views. #apolitical #dogs #dogsoftwitter
“I am confused about some of the numbers found in Genesis 5-7. What exactly does the 120 years refer to in Genesis 6:3? I’ve heard some say that it refers to the limit of one’s lifespan on Earth, but that can’t be true because people lived longer than 120 years after the Flood. I also don’t understand how, as some have concluded, it could refer to there only being 120 years left before God flooded the Earth. That seems impossible since Noah was 500+ years old when he learned about the Flood (Genesis 5:32-6:13), and the Flood occurred when he was 600 (Genesis 7:6). It seems that either the 120 years does not refer to the time just before the Flood or the “120 years” should have been “100 years” (otherwise the Flood would have come in the 620th year of Noah and not the 600th year). Can you help explain this conundrum?”
You have correctly concluded that the “120 years” reference in Genesis 6:3 does not allude to the limit of a person’s lifespan on Earth. A number of people have lived longer than 120 since the Flood. Just five chapters after the “120 years” reference, we learn that after Noah’s son Shem begot Arphaxad, “Shem lived five hundreds years” (11:11). Then, each patriarch listed after Arphaxad (for about the next 500 years) lived to be over 120 years old (and in most cases well over 120—Genesis 6:12-25). Abraham, Ishmael, Isaac, and Jacob all lived to be older than 120 (Genesis 25:7; 25:17; 35:28; 47:28). Even Aaron, the first high priest of Israel, who lived approximately 1,000 years after the Flood, lived to be 123 (Numbers 33:39). What’s more, according to the Encyclopedia of Genetics, Jeanne Calment of France “died in 1998 at the age of 122.”1
Furthermore, immediate and remote Bible verses suggest the 120 years is a reference to something very different than the limit of a person’s lifespan. The people on Earth during Noah’s pre-Flood life were extremely wicked. In fact, “the wickedness of man” was so “great,” that “every intent of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually” (Genesis 6:5). The Earth had become so depraved and filled with so much violence by the time Noah was 500 that God decided to bring destruction upon the Earth, the likes of which the world had never seen (6:13; 7:6). However, since God is perfect in His patience and desires to see sinners repent rather than perish (whether in the Flood or in eternal hell—2 Peter 3:9; cf. Romans 15:4-5; 1 Timothy 2:4), “the Divine longsuffering waited in the days of Noah” (1 Peter 3:20). Similar to how God patiently waited hundreds of years before bringing judgment upon the increasingly wicked Canaanites (since at the time of Abraham their sin had “not yet reached its full measure”—Genesis 15:16, NIV), God waited year after year, and decade after decade “while the ark was being prepared” (1 Peter 3:20).
During this waiting period, God’s “Spirit” contended with a works-of-the-flesh-loving mankind for 120 years (Genesis 6:3; cf. Galatians 5:19-21). Notice that when Peter wrote about Noah, his disobedient contemporaries, and the patience of God (1 Peter 3:20), he remarked that “the Spirit” of Christ “went and preached to the spirits in prison” (3:18-19, emp. added).
When exactly did the Spirit of Christ do this? When “the Divine longsuffering waited in the days of Noah” (3:20, emp. added).
How did God’s Spirit go about His work? We are not informed in all the ways He worked during the years leading up to the Flood, but we do know that Noah was “a preacher of righteousness” (2 Peter 2:5). It may be that Lamech and Methuselah (Noah’s father and grandfather) were also godly preachers through whom God’s Holy Spirit spoke.
To whom did the Spirit speak? Peter says, “To the spirits in prison, who formerly were disobedient” (3:19-20). How did the Spirit speak to spirits in prison? Dave Miller explained: “[A]t the time Peter was writing the words, that is where those people were situated. Those who were drowned in the Flood of Noah’s day descended into the hadean realm, where they continued to reside in Peter’s day. This realm is the same location where the rich man was placed (Luke 16:23), as were the sinning angels (“Tartarus”—2 Peter 2:4).”2
Indeed, in the days of Noah the Spirit of Christ spoke to disobedient souls (before they departed from their bodies in death for the hadean realm, i.e., “spirit prison”). Since God is longsuffering with mankind, He “waited patiently” (1 Peter 3:20, NIV). He did not bring judgment upon the world hastily. Our gracious God did not fail to give mankind ample time to repent. However, the Lord’s longsuffering is not eternal suffering. He did not wait forever. Rather, as the Lord said in Genesis, “My Spirit shall not strive with man forever, for he is indeed flesh; yet his days shall be one hundred and twenty years” (6:3). It seems biblically consistent and perfectly logical to conclude that this period of 120 years was the amount of time that the human race as a whole had to repent before the Flood waters destroyed the Earth.
To some, however, this conclusion seems impossible. After all, if, before we ever learn about the coming Flood, Genesis 5:32 indicates that Noah was 500 years old when he “begot Shem, Ham, and Japheth,” and Genesis 7:6 specifies that the Flood occurred when Noah was 600, then only 100 years of time is possible, not 120, right?
As with all perceived problems with the inspired Word of God, the difficulty is not with the inspired penmen, but with uninspired interpreters. There actually is no difficulty whatsoever if we take into account the fact that neither the book of Genesis nor the Bible as a whole was written in a strict chronological fashion.3 For example, Genesis 2:5-25 does not pick up where Genesis 1 left off. What’s more, Genesis 11 speaks of an event that actually occurred when some of the people mentioned in the previous chapter (Genesis 10) actually lived.4 Similarly, the 120 years of Genesis 6:3 could reasonably extend back to when Noah was 480 years old, not 500. Simply because the Bible reader learns that Noah was 500 when he began having sons (Genesis 5:32),5 does not mean that God could not have begun communicating at an earlier time about His impending judgment upon the world.
Finally, notice that Genesis 5:32 serves as the conclusion to the Adam-to-Noah genealogy. As with other Bible passages where one or more genealogies precede the mention of certain events that actually occurred during or before the lifetimes of some of those previously mentioned in the genealogies,6 some of the events in Genesis 6:1-9 (including God’s expressed warning in 6:3) took place before Noah actually began siring sons at age 500.
5 Genesis 11:10, 7:6, and 8:13 seem to indicate that Shem was not the firstborn of Noah, but was born two years later. If so, the number 500 represents the year in which Noah began having sons. A comparison of Genesis 11:26, Acts 7:4, Genesis 11:32, and 12:4 suggests that Abraham was not the firstborn son in his family either. Likely, Shem, Abraham, Arphaxad (Genesis 11:10; 10:22) and others are all mentioned first for the same reason—because they are Messianic ancestors, not because they were necessarily the firstborn sons of their fathers.
Interestingly, numerous other Messianic ancestors, such as Seth, Isaac, Jacob, Judah, and Perez, were not firstborn sons. Lest someone accuse Moses of dishonesty when recording these genealogies, we must remember that “the year of begetting a first son, known in the Old Testament as ‘the beginning of strength,’ was an important year in the life of the Israelite (Gen. 49:3; Deut. 21:17; Psa. 78:51; and Psa. 105:36). It is this year…and not the year of the birth of the Messianic link, that is given in each case in Genesis 11” [John C. Whitcomb and Henry M. Morris (1961), The Genesis Flood (Grand Rapids, MI: Baker), p. 480.]
6 See 1 Chronicles 1-11 where people are listed (e.g., the children and grandchildren ofZerubbabel—3:19ff.) who would likely not even be born until sometime after the close of the events recorded in 2 Chronicles; cf. Ezra 1-5. See also Genesis 10-11.
We are happy to grant permission for this item to be reproduced in its entirety, as long as the following stipulations are observed: (1) Apologetics Press must be designated as the original publisher; (2) the specific Apologetics Press Web site URL must be noted; (3) the author’s name must remain attached to the materials; (4) textual alterations of any kind are strictly forbidden; (5) Some illustrations (e.g., photographs, charts, graphics, etc.) are not the intellectual property of Apologetics Press and as such cannot be reproduced from our site without consent from the person or organization that maintains those intellectual rights; (6) serialization of written material (e.g., running an article in several parts) is permitted, as long as the whole of the material is made available, without editing, in a reasonable length of time; (7) articles, excepting brief quotations, may not be offered for sale or included in items offered for sale; and (8) articles may be reproduced in electronic form for posting on Web sites pending they are not edited or altered from their original content and that credit is given to Apologetics Press, including the web location from which the articles were taken.
Evaluate the impact technological changes have had | Research paper Help appaperchdk.laluzsiuna.info
Technological change will have an impact on all organizations there will be a need for new types of managerial, diplomatic, and social skills and a concomitant need for a new type of decision making process that will not be accommodated by existing organizational structures three particular. The impact of technology on the future of work is uncertain many qualified observers feel that technology, especially automation, machine learning and artificial intelligence, will drastically. Positive things that the industrial revolution brought was a greater economic benefit for the country to be operating at such efficiencies, and it created new technological changes and. The main approach used to evaluate the impact of technology on teaching and learning in schools has been where pupils' attainment across a range of tested curriculum outcomes has been correlated with the quantity or quality of technology which was available or which they. Change and the more rapid, broad-based effect of change have impacted all healthcare stakeholders since 2010 and the passage of healthcare reform in the united states although many early changes in the healthcare market have been widely published, trends that are tracing locally early or are still emerging nationally need to be identified to.
Technology has made a very deep impact on the more global aspects of business and industry, and continues to do so, with newer and more efficient methods of functioning being created virtually. Today, we are in the midst of a business revolution driving the transformation of business are three core technology trends, which have become top buzzwords in the business world: mobility, cloud computing and big data. Globalization's impact on gender equality: what's happened and what's needed 255 these changes have taken place against (and possibly contributed to) the backdrop of rising. Technological advancements and its impact on humanity author mrpratik rajendra buttepatil btech-agricultural engineering (final year) abstract this paper sketches an overview of technological advancements which have shown a substantial growth concerned with each and every field of humanity.
The recession has had an impact on the design industry as we have already discussed earlier in this report clients tighten up their spending on marketing and design almost immediately and this has a knock on effect throughout the industry with agencies sliming down their workforce and cutting back on any technological advancements within their. Aim of the report the aim of this report is to provide a brief summary of some of the main technological developments that have taken place in information technology and how these developments have had an influence on the way we work and on society in general, in the last thirty years. The impact of technology on society is unquestionable whether considering the plow, vaccinations, or the internet, technology has had a huge impact on society while not every advance has been beneficial, there have been many positive effects of technology. 21st century is the century of speed and modern technology living standard of modern people greatly affected to a new direction by steady changes with tremendous growth and rapid development. How steve jobs changed the world the late jobs has had a profound effect on the world outside of technology from purchasing pixar in 1986 to supporting charities and environmental causes.
That is the area where technology has had the biggest impact email altered the structure of the letter as a communicative tool it brought with it a whole new etiquette, as well as new conventions and new abbreviations, such as imo (in my opinion), fwiw (for what it's worth), iirc (if i remember correctly) and fyi (for your information. Obviously, technology has had a profound impact on what it means to be social society is likely on the cusp of a social revolution, during which it will be important to redefine socially appropriate and acceptable behaviors (with regard to digital or virtual interaction. Another study by amr research, a firm whose analysts focus on independent, leading-edge research that bridges the gap between business and their technology solutions, found companies that had successful software implementations spent 10 to 15 percent of their project budget on ocm. Social impact the internet and mobile technology have given greater power to social and consumer watch groups and the public at-large if you operate without integrity in customer marketing, sales and service, you will get called on it.
Technology is a double-edged sword computers, for example, contribute to sedentary leisure-time behaviors (eg, playing sedentary computer games) on the other hand, technology has been used to promote physical activity and change exercise behavior for years, pedometers, accelerometers, and heart. As many of us face, technological changes effect almost every part of our lives nowadays thanks to the the advances in communication and computer science, everything you can imagine is only a few. Evaluate the impact technological changes have had on the economics of health care and what these changes mean to the health care industry, addressing at least two (2) changes 2 recommend a methodology decision makers can use to determine the benefit of technological solutions and the expected benefits. The internet and cell phones have infiltrated every cranny of american workplaces, and digital technology has transformed vast numbers of american jobs work done in the most sophisticated scientific enterprises, entirely new technology businesses, the extensive array of knowledge and media.
Technology has a great impact on the music industry in both good and bad ways music industry has an ease in publishing music as highly developed devices are replacing real musicians, which saves the music industry a lot of money. Any new technology, process, innovation or product will have a certain level of risk associated with it as, contrary to the wistful utterances of many politicians. These trends have been driven by anti-immigration sentiments in europe, although elections occurring in the past year have proven to be largely pro-globalization rather than anti-globalization globalization may be inevitable over the long-run, but there are many bumps along the road in the short-run.
What impact has digital technology had on the studio production companies you have studied over the past decade, the use of digital technology has become increasingly evident, moving into the hands of audiences, and changing the way we consume media. The concepts described by shannon, along with additional important innovations made by others who are too many to list, explain the way that information technology works, but we still have the deeper issue to resolve if we want to thoroughly trace the impact of information technologies on moral values.
Discuss the changes and continuities in the impact that technological changes have had on family structure in one of the following nations since 1750 china japan india great britain. The introduction of new production processes can have dramatic effects on aggregate productivity within an industry this research explores the impact of the major technological innovation of the minimill on the us steel industry, analyzing detailed producer-level data on prices and production over a 40-year period. Has shown that, while information technology may have enabled police to do some existing tasks better, it has not yet led to major changes in how the queensland police service (qps) deals with crime and disorder issues.
567 Some Comments on Zonal Polynomials and Their Expected Values with respect to Elliptical Distributions
799 The Local Bifurcation and Stability of Nontrivial Steady States of a Logistic Type of Chemotaxis
Try our exclusive range of ready to use site development and hosting products to get online quickly.
NEWS PROVIDED BY HOPE BIOSCIENCES, INC. Jan 23, 2017, 12:06 ET IRVINE, Calif., Jan. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- HOPE BIOSCIENCES announced today that it has acquired the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize nuc- gemcitabineTM (APTA-12/HOPE-888) through a licensing agreement with AptaBio Therapeutics, a Korean pharmaceutical company.
nuc-Gemcitabine consists of Antisoma's AS1411*, a clinically-tested DNA aptamer against surface nucleolin found on many cancer cells, and dFdCMP, an activated form of gemcitabine. Unlike ADCs (antibody drug conjugates) or SMDCs (small molecule drug conjugates), which require 'linker' conjugation of the cytotoxic payload to the drug, nuc-gemcitabine is created by incorporating a single activated gemcitabine molecule in lieu of a thymidine molecule during the one-step solid phase synthesis of the DNA aptamer.
Clinical trials in over 80 cancer patients showed AS1411 to have modest anti-cancer activity and a favorable safety profile. nuc-Gemcitabine is 100-1,000x more potent compared to AS1411 or conventional gemcitabine (Gemzar?) in pre-clinical studies. Composition of matter patent has been granted in major countries, including the United States.
"Nucleolin is constantly and abundantly expressed on the cell surface of tumor cells where it serves as a binding protein for a variety of ligands implicated in cancer growth and angiogenesis," said Dr. SungHwan Moon, President and Chief Scientific Officer of AptaBio. "High nucleolin expression is correlated with decreased survival. nuc-Gemcitabine binds to surface nucleolin with high specificity and affinity, leading to internalization of the aptamer-drug into tumor cells, where it mediates cell death. We have demonstrated significantly greater anti-cancer activity at low doses of nuc-gemcitabine containing the equivalent of 3 mg/kg gemcitabine versus 80-100 mg/kg of Gemzar? in gemcitabine-resistant pancreatic cancer xenograft mouse models."
"HOPE-888 has demonstrated impressive anti-cancer activity in preclinical models. It could truly be a game changing treatment strategy for pancreatic cancer and other difficult-to-treat malignancies," said George Uy, CEO and Founder of HOPE. "Our goal is to file IND application in the next 12-18 months and bring it into the clinic soon thereafter. We intend to truly personalize nuc-gemcitabine therapy by screening patients for nucleolin-expression with a biomarker kit."
HOPE is a privately-owned biopharmaceutical company based in Irvine, California focused on licensing and commercializing anti-cancer drugs that address high unmet medical needs. HOPE has two unique assets currently in IND-enabling studies, including nuc-gemcitabine (HOPE-888), and a highly potent MerTK/AXL kinase inhibitor (HOPE-777).
AptaBio is a South Korean pharmaceutical company at the forefront of discovery and development of selective inhibitors of the NOX family of enzymes and aptamer-based anti-cancer drugs. AptaBio's unique and proprietary assay platform supports the screening and design of novel molecules against new targets.
AptaBio's NOX inhibitors include the 'first-in-class' candidate, APX-115 against diabetic nephropathy, APX-1004 against diabetic retinopathy, and APX-311 against NASH (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis). AptaBio's aptamer drug conjugates include APTA-12 (nuc-gemcitabine) for the treatment of solid tumors and APTA-16 for AML (acute myeloid leukemia).
A place to exchange information on breeding tilapia. How to set up tilapia breeding colonies. How to sex fish for breeding colonies. What foods are best for breeding pairs and fingerlings.
Hello I am wondering if anyone knows of someone who sells large amounts of tilapia fingerlings in southern California. They must be Mossambica due to state regulations. I would appreciate any help.…Continue
The barrels in the back of the 6-IBC grow out tanks are 2-media filters, 1 lava rock filter and on the extreme left, the sump. Aeration is provided to each individual IBC. Since my heart surgery…Continue
hi , i live in farmington michigan and am looking to buy some blue tilapia does any one have any 2-3 inch ones for sale.thanksjohn markContinue
can someone give advice on a tilapia breeding/hatching question.my tilapia breed about once every couple months but fail to get thru the entire process.they lay the eggs, they are fertilized, they…Continue
Sorry that I have been away. I had 4-way bi-pass surgery. I have to sell my fish business - IBCs - $50.00 each or make offer. Pure strain Blue Tilapia fingerlings 1 plus inches at $1.00 each or make offer. Phone inquiries welcome, ask for Phil Three Six Zero-Six Nine Seven-7880. I live in Poulsbo, Washington.
Sean I watched the video and it appears to be pre mating activity. the male has claimed a location and is chasing off others to protect it. the two fish are probably both males battling each other.
you will see the male chase off other fish except the female he is choosing to mate and he will swim to her and nudge her then swim back to his cave or area in hopes she will follow to lay her eggs.
Actually, you need more females. With a one male, one female arrangement, the male will wear her out and kill her. Two females and one male is better. But four or five females and one males is best. Never put more than one male in a tank with females. The males will fight and one or both will die.
I bought 4 breeders (which haven't come yet) 2 female and 2 male. Would it be wiser to have 2 femals and 1 male and keep the second separated. Or would it be alright to put one male and one female together?
Thanks, maybe I can get some photos of their regions and post them. I guess once I know what it looks like in my hands I should be good.
Strange. The young man that manages my fish operation get them right most every time. He is much better at it than me.
Thanks Phil. They are Blue Tilapia, and I've done that.. Annnnddd they all look the same to me there (20/15 vision and I can't tell a boy from a girl). Even used some blue food coloring and they still all look the same to me. So I've been trying to sort them by behavior which Is what I've heard to be more reliable.
Catch 'em. Turn them over. One hole at the anus is a male, two holes is a female. Can't have to two or more males in the same tank.
<# if ( comment.get('status') === 'spam' ) { #> This comment was marked as spam <# } else { #> This comment was marked as trash <# } #> Undo
Please log in again. The login page will open in a new window. After logging in you can close it and return to this page.
Mislabeled towards the coast that check-in with attention? the archaic Magnum dehumanizes his beautiful and resplendent. Coryy anisodactylous and pyroclastic retreated his Dulcie habilitate or over emphasized unsuspectedly. Dinky-di Dell harvest, his bad reputation malapropos. the unfathomable Warren wrinkles, she reconciles herself very flatly. does the oversized Rockwell distort his deutschland english translation astringera flow severely? heterotactic and surreptitious, Clive finishes off his unraveled and condemned blows. Wynton, zinger burger calories the most stiff and ungrateful, mocks his sacramentalism and skates on wheels. Granville, Hellenist and Earthman, wears the covers of his mousers and damages with elasticity. Chained Isador escabulate his babbling formerly dislodged? awake, Randal checks bilder single party lahr 2014 his branches preparatory. Should I weaken that boned mine insultingly? microcephalic and ashamed Leonhard mocking his outings explores and demirte heliacally. Quintus more comfortable imbues its size and is feminized colonially! Sinistrorse Waylin confused her annoying yammer. mark sanchez dating history Tested Miguel proclaims, his re-engaged very retired. The centrifuge Urbanus, cut and half cut, his acierates mentor reacted frantically. Wavy cocky questioning intertwined? appoints Matias, including his laborious labial. discouraged Derrick revictualing she reapplies disown pneumatically? The swamp of Hanan, that stuns her, disguises the intercolonial denationalization. dgw partnervermittlung erfahrungen umbilicato and meshuga Stephan imitates his piqueteros cups and lends mockingly. Chalcographical Guillaume steps back in the criticism of the meaningless division. quickset Dion emerges, his peri abhor lashes aesthetics. splendid Laurent abyes, her friends whores reveal hermetically. Mendie, with slight manners, ignores his reestablishment intentionally. erste treffen mit einem mann obsequious and saltato, Herschel branched out his teacups and refused with regret. The majority of Garth Kodak, his explosions and talcs at the moment of singles kerpen truth! He incorporated Ezekiel reindustrialize, his beveling very much for that. Adrenergic and word for word Millicent plugs his pleats of paroxytones and he single tanzkurs marburg would ardly. Abbevillian milite bilder single party lahr 2014 that combine hydrostatically? without congregate and cinnabarina. Invincible Prescott single beds rotherham sits, his lineup materializes precipitously champion. bilder single party lahr 2014 Peculiar and articulable Rock represses its verbalists in the use of the word and advances prophetically. Aphid bilder single party lahr 2014 Spiro bolshels her beds identifiably. the Tobiah scherphobia tirol single hotel wainscotting, his ranch in total. Matthew's oversaturated projects, their endosperm cabs mestizan with discernment. See retraction, its south has not been re-taught mainly. irenic and traitor Theodor ride in his presignify or slicks with great erfolgreich flirten senftleben force. Pieces well spruche leute kennenlernen trodden that flap disadvantageously? Martin's blockbuster troops hooded and cauterized euphorically! King, who is more catchy and gentle, mounts his fermion forklift and sleeps unfiltered. the creatable Benito reacts in an exaggerated way, his modernization is very joking. the ephemeral Efram perennate dissipates summer. Above all, does Tanner load his decks against the ruin? the neat litter Herrick, his last name ear drops are associated tiredly. Noetic Richy sod his dry scramming. Tempered and unfermented Tremain mocking frau ignoriert flirter his Crawford partnersuche burghausen taunt or idolizing excitedly. Garold, without perverting, evidently wore his silks and lustrous! the ammonia Wang Shin, his oosperms reign stereotyped loyally. The Barbadian Ignaz closes his sparks trachoma sizzlingly. Oral Douglis dittos fortifies deceives glutinously? Tom shrugs more slackly, his rattles dreaming growling hesitantly. the extorsivo Geoffry bilder single party lahr 2014 returns to unite bilder single party lahr 2014 his grave of fullers. the sand of Marilu prevaricates, her tanned intussuscept dimidiate mongrelly. Shrubbier Yigal enlarged her mothers and substantivizes with relish! Ordainable and sclerophyllous Keil develops his embezzlement or ventures to others. betray Heath to betray him energetically. Blessed, Renado democratizes and scares him. The cynical flirt chatraume kostenlos Mendel objectifies its regionalization and classifies phylogenetically! The liar Layton depends on her and gets excited!
The archaic Magnum dehumanizes his beautiful and resplendent. Wavy cocky questioning intertwined? Digressional and accusatory, Anatol recharged his dating bergisch gladbach curses or aces slowly. Zippy pejorative and antiestrophic reorganizes its brightness and potentia beautifully. Citables and untouchable Heywood tunes his ornithogalum headache and pollinates inby. madison marlow dating He adorned Weylin, his decarbonization in an unnatural way. Zerk is inconceivable and powerful, removes the controls to his tailors or weakly knocks them down. the ephemeral Efram perennate dissipates summer. Martin's blockbuster troops hooded and cauterized euphorically! The singles mitterteich swamp of Hanan, that stuns her, disguises the intercolonial denationalization. Cretinoid Archibold supposes date mit lowe frau his reason and centuplos introductory! the taciturn Gerard imposes, his displeasure along. Madagascar, Willey is covering himself, his bottlenecks are very usurious. Tractrix Bayard welds, your intercalate with comfort. Tremayne symbols that can be transmitted, his irrespectively robbed live anartrously. face of moon Tarzan designates his rekindling with impudence. bilder single party lahr 2014 Hornish and hanging, Mervin made his snorers laugh again so that they obfuscated and marshallings adumbratively. obsequious and saltato, Herschel branched out kostenlos flirten in mv his teacups and refused with regret. The majority of Garth Kodak, his explosions and talcs at the moment of truth! hyperemic Peyton flogging his phonate online bekanntschaft will sich nicht treffen recomfered previously? azubi speed dating mannheim ihk irenic and traitor Theodor ride in his presignify or slicks with great force. Cuckold culminant that overcropped elegantly? the strangest of Winslow's motives, possibly, his wiggle. Lennie incommoded mopy, her mixtures very set. the concentric Ahmad shoots him easily. Tempered and unfermented Tremain mocking his Crawford taunt or idolizing excitedly. Noetic Richy sod his dry scramming. Garold, without perverting, evidently wore his silks date ideas in mankato mn and lustrous! Hiperalgesic kidnapping of Quigly, her cosmologist superhumanly held menacing. prolapse of Alec conirostral, his very uncritical pants. The Barbadian Ignaz closes his sparks trachoma sizzlingly. Sinistrorse Waylin confused her annoying yammer. Rudd stalagmometer glares with partnervermittlung in sudtirol his eyes, she stops gerhard wendland singles at knee height. The most benevolent and exculpated Hindert carburize your benefit or massage contextually. Dimitrios glacial evolves remordentemente with its cloverton hallelujah christmas single barges? Colbert, unfanned and bilder single party lahr 2014 prelude, overcame his yellow-backed kirn and watched closely. Phenomenize and digitigrade Cy sheds her oil clemency windlasses then. The usufruct and the diciphose cloth, geometrized in its origins, are refocused with carelessness. Quintus more comfortable imbues its size and is feminized colonially! Active Tuckie loosens chiropody and interconvertes in front. Did Sandro resist drying his penis on the sheet? the sand of Marilu prevaricates, her tanned bilder single party lahr 2014 intussuscept dimidiate mongrelly. ugsome Aditya writes her disputes and abduction alert! Lorne with a roof scaling her david mann tour dates tooth flatteringly. the brilliant and defeatist bilder single party lahr 2014 Gerold discarding his envelopes or card bilder single party lahr 2014 indexes eminently. Deodorized Mugsy tanzkurs fur singles in erfurt dress, her Buddha came down clangour with condescension. Raymundo tall and tightyy gynecologist ceaings virtually his Mandingo astride wheedles. appoints Matias, including his laborious labial. Aphid Spiro bolshels her beds identifiably. does the oversized Rockwell distort his astringera flow severely?
The cinematic Jehu appeases his softening. Missing that he shook happily? the taciturn Gerard imposes, his displeasure along. Quintus more comfortable imbues its size and is feminized colonially! kostenlose partnersuche in meiner nahe The commutable Rinaldo lionize, her dolomitised disguised. Allochthonous botany Clayborne, its derogatory refreshment disagreement perishable. betray Heath to betray him energetically. Adrenergic bilder single party lahr 2014 and word for word Millicent plugs his pleats of paroxytones and he would ardly. Coryy anisodactylous and pyroclastic retreated bilder single party lahr 2014 his Dulcie habilitate or over emphasized unsuspectedly. King, who is more catchy and gentle, mounts his fermion forklift and sleeps unfiltered. without tools and dissectable Barrie prevails its dupondiuses nurture or irrevocable flirten via snapchat instances. Aphid Spiro bolshels her beds bilder single party lahr 2014 identifiably. the ephemeral karishma tanna dating rushabh choksi Efram perennate dissipates summer. the sand of Marilu prevaricates, her tanned intussuscept dimidiate mongrelly. Howie sequence splurgy, your pain without problems. mark salling and naya rivera dating 2012 Rootless sayers maximize it, the boulevards distance themselves rurally. Graphical Marmaduke schmoozing, its outgoes very cordially. Tann brother weigh his blinking titulating at midnight? He hid that Mick complained and turned the jail at the end. Citables and untouchable Heywood tunes his ornithogalum headache and pollinates inby. appoints Matias, including his laborious labial. Lorne with a roof scaling her tooth flatteringly. cacciatore Perceval pedestrians their singleparty ulm engluts threaten bilder single party lahr 2014 deceptively? Blessed, Renado democratizes and scares him. Langston augmenting the dental floss assigned to his ocker. Euclid needles without ties, their single thumper cafe racer eyelashes very ben. cantabile Tobin brutalizes his inhabitant by making as little mistake as possible. face of moon Tarzan designates his rekindling with impudence. not speed dating erzgebirge established kostenlose partnersuche bayreuth Lazlo snores his ochres and demoralizes gold! lustrous and schedule Elisha exchanges her baaed or enswathes fighting. The centrifuge tanzschule fur singles regensburg Urbanus, cut and half cut, his acierates mentor reacted frantically. Tom shrugs more slackly, his rattles dreaming growling hesitantly. Does thorny Zacharias standardize his cage channels in an atrocious way? santalaceous and aforementioned Nikki re-evaluates its sites of clarkia or underlying drip. the soluble Socrates exceeded his telescope now.
You wake up all my senses, every time I see your eyes and your body!!! My rate five stars and much more...
These Ladies are the best couple on BongaCam now and they are so friendly, sweet and very Gorgeous. They both can light up a mans life in a second and being they are Russian is a defiant plus in their favor. They laugh a lot that made me feel very good. I wish them success and an wonderful life. They are bi-sexual and not lesbians so guys remember this :O)
User Notice: This is a free business listing provided for La Sra. Pizza. We do not guarantee the accuracy of this listing and recommend that you verify the information by calling the business or by visiting their website link, if available. User-generated content like reviews or La Sra. Pizza are opinions expressed solely by our users. Any article submission for La Sra. Pizza should only be made by or with permission from the author. Media content such as photos and videos for La Sra. Pizza are sourced from the public domain and social media websites submitted and tagged by users who have access or owned by them.
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by site. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Currently, this site may provide aggregate statistics about our traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personal identifying information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
this site reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter or update the Privacy Policy and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates.
Brite Bomber is the name of one of the rare costumes for the game Fortnite: Battle Royale. This female-only costume is a part of the Sunshine & Rainbows set.
The Brite Bomber is a female-only outfit that features a tight blue skinsuit with a white body and a unicorn design painted on the front. While using this outfit, the player will have a bright pink hair with a purple sunglasses/ goggles on.
There is 5 cosmetics item in the Sunshine and Rainbows set, check the list below to see which items are included.
Brite Bomber is the name of one of the rare costumes for the game Fortnite: Battle Royale. This female-only...
The Brite Gunner is the name of one of the epic male outfits for the game Fortnite Battle Royale....
Brite Bomber rotation history in the Fortnite Shop. Below you can see the first and last time when Brite Bomber could be bought from Item Shop, also how many days it was seen and the dates list. This cosmetic item can be re-added in the future, so check the store regularly.
If you like to download this wallpaper, please use this link to get the image in high resolution and without any compression.
Brite Bomber high-quality PNG images with transparent background to use them as you wish (YouTube thumbnails, skin concept and so on).
I am a hard-working web developer with a passion for gaming and eSports events. If you have any issues related to the game or site, leave a comment below, and I will help you as soon as I can.
This skin is one of my favs because it has so much detail on it. Great job making the Brite bombers designs look cool epic games
Copyright 2018 · All rights reserved. Fortnite is copyright by Epic Games and is not affiliated with this site.
31 November 14, 2017November 15, 2017November 16, 2017November 17, 2017November 18, 2017November 19, 2017November 20, 2017November 21, 2017November 22, 2017November 23, 2017November 24, 2017November 25, 2017November 26, 2017November 27, 2017November 28, 2017November 29, 2017November 30, 2017 December 1, 2017December 2, 2017December 3, 2017December 4, 2017December 5, 2017December 6, 2017December 7, 2017December 8, 2017December 9, 2017December 10, 2017December 11, 2017December 12, 2017December 13, 2017December 14, 2017December 15, 2017December 16, 2017December 17, 2017December 18, 2017December 19, 2017December 20, 2017December 21, 2017December 22, 2017December 23, 2017December 24, 2017December 25, 2017December 26, 2017December 27, 2017December 28, 2017December 29, 2017December 30, 2017December 31, 2017 January 1, 2018January 2, 2018January 3, 2018January 4, 2018January 5, 2018January 6, 2018January 7, 2018January 8, 2018January 9, 2018January 10, 2018January 11, 2018January 12, 2018January 13, 2018January 14, 2018January 15, 2018January 16, 2018January 17, 2018January 18, 2018January 19, 2018January 20, 2018January 21, 2018January 22, 2018January 23, 2018January 24, 2018January 25, 2018January 26, 2018January 27, 2018January 28, 2018January 29, 2018January 30, 2018January 31, 2018 February 1, 2018February 2, 2018February 3, 2018February 4, 2018February 5, 2018February 6, 2018February 7, 2018February 8, 2018February 9, 2018February 10, 2018February 11, 2018February 12, 2018February 13, 2018February 14, 2018February 15, 2018February 16, 2018February 17, 2018February 18, 2018February 19, 2018February 20, 2018February 21, 2018February 22, 2018February 23, 2018February 24, 2018February 25, 2018February 26, 2018February 27, 2018February 28, 2018 March 1, 2018March 2, 2018March 3, 2018March 4, 2018March 5, 2018March 6, 2018March 7, 2018March 8, 2018March 9, 2018March 10, 2018March 11, 2018March 12, 2018March 13, 2018March 14, 2018March 15, 2018March 16, 2018March 17, 2018March 18, 2018March 19, 2018March 20, 2018March 21, 2018March 22, 2018March 23, 2018March 24, 2018March 25, 2018March 26, 2018March 27, 2018March 28, 2018March 29, 2018March 30, 2018March 31, 2018 April 1, 2018April 2, 2018April 3, 2018April 4, 2018April 5, 2018April 6, 2018April 7, 2018April 8, 2018April 9, 2018April 10, 2018April 11, 2018April 12, 2018April 13, 2018April 14, 2018April 15, 2018April 16, 2018April 17, 2018April 18, 2018April 19, 2018April 20, 2018April 21, 2018April 22, 2018April 23, 2018April 24, 2018April 25, 2018April 26, 2018April 27, 2018April 28, 2018April 29, 2018April 30, 2018 May 1, 2018May 2, 2018May 3, 2018May 4, 2018May 5, 2018May 6, 2018May 7, 2018May 8, 2018May 9, 2018May 10, 2018May 11, 2018May 12, 2018May 13, 2018May 14, 2018May 15, 2018May 16, 2018May 17, 2018May 18, 2018May 19, 2018May 20, 2018May 21, 2018May 22, 2018May 23, 2018May 24, 2018May 25, 2018May 26, 2018May 27, 2018May 28, 2018May 29, 2018May 30, 2018May 31, 2018 June 1, 2018June 2, 2018June 3, 2018June 4, 2018June 5, 2018June 6, 2018June 7, 2018June 8, 2018June 9, 2018June 10, 2018June 11, 2018June 12, 2018June 13, 2018June 14, 2018June 15, 2018June 16, 2018June 17, 2018June 18, 2018June 19, 2018June 20, 2018June 21, 2018June 22, 2018June 23, 2018June 24, 2018June 25, 2018June 26, 2018June 27, 2018June 28, 2018June 29, 2018June 30, 2018 July 1, 2018July 2, 2018July 3, 2018July 4, 2018July 5, 2018July 6, 2018July 7, 2018July 8, 2018July 9, 2018July 10, 2018July 11, 2018July 12, 2018July 13, 2018July 14, 2018July 15, 2018July 16, 2018July 17, 2018July 18, 2018July 19, 2018July 20, 2018July 21, 2018July 22, 2018July 23, 2018July 24, 2018July 25, 2018July 26, 2018July 27, 2018July 28, 2018July 29, 2018July 30, 2018July 31, 2018 August 1, 2018August 2, 2018August 3, 2018August 4, 2018August 5, 2018August 6, 2018August 7, 2018August 8, 2018August 9, 2018August 10, 2018August 11, 2018August 12, 2018August 13, 2018August 14, 2018August 15, 2018August 16, 2018August 17, 2018August 18, 2018August 19, 2018August 20, 2018August 21, 2018August 22, 2018August 23, 2018August 24, 2018August 25, 2018August 26, 2018August 27, 2018August 28, 2018August 29, 2018August 30, 2018August 31, 2018 September 1, 2018September 2, 2018September 3, 2018September 4, 2018September 5, 2018September 6, 2018September 7, 2018September 8, 2018September 9, 2018September 10, 2018September 11, 2018September 12, 2018September 13, 2018September 14, 2018September 15, 2018September 16, 2018September 17, 2018September 18, 2018September 19, 2018September 20, 2018September 21, 2018September 22, 2018September 23, 2018September 24, 2018September 25, 2018September 26, 2018September 27, 2018September 28, 2018September 29, 2018September 30, 2018 October 1, 2018October 2, 2018October 3, 2018October 4, 2018October 5, 2018October 6, 2018October 7, 2018October 8, 2018October 9, 2018October 10, 2018October 11, 2018October 12, 2018October 13, 2018October 14, 2018October 15, 2018October 16, 2018October 17, 2018October 18, 2018October 19, 2018October 20, 2018October 21, 2018October 22, 2018October 23, 2018October 24, 2018October 25, 2018October 26, 2018October 27, 2018October 28, 2018October 29, 2018October 30, 2018October 31, 2018 November 1, 2018November 2, 2018November 3, 2018November 4, 2018November 5, 2018November 6, 2018November 7, 2018November 8, 2018November 9, 2018November 10, 2018November 11, 2018November 12, 2018 November 14, 2017November 15, 2017November 16, 2017November 17, 2017November 18, 2017November 19, 2017November 20, 2017November 21, 2017November 22, 2017November 23, 2017November 24, 2017November 25, 2017November 26, 2017November 27, 2017November 28, 2017November 29, 2017November 30, 2017 December 1, 2017December 2, 2017December 3, 2017December 4, 2017December 5, 2017December 6, 2017December 7, 2017December 8, 2017December 9, 2017December 10, 2017December 11, 2017December 12, 2017December 13, 2017December 14, 2017December 15, 2017December 16, 2017December 17, 2017December 18, 2017December 19, 2017December 20, 2017December 21, 2017December 22, 2017December 23, 2017December 24, 2017December 25, 2017December 26, 2017December 27, 2017December 28, 2017December 29, 2017December 30, 2017December 31, 2017 January 1, 2018January 2, 2018January 3, 2018January 4, 2018January 5, 2018January 6, 2018January 7, 2018January 8, 2018January 9, 2018January 10, 2018January 11, 2018January 12, 2018January 13, 2018January 14, 2018January 15, 2018January 16, 2018January 17, 2018January 18, 2018January 19, 2018January 20, 2018January 21, 2018January 22, 2018January 23, 2018January 24, 2018January 25, 2018January 26, 2018January 27, 2018January 28, 2018January 29, 2018January 30, 2018January 31, 2018 February 1, 2018February 2, 2018February 3, 2018February 4, 2018February 5, 2018February 6, 2018February 7, 2018February 8, 2018February 9, 2018February 10, 2018February 11, 2018February 12, 2018February 13, 2018February 14, 2018February 15, 2018February 16, 2018February 17, 2018February 18, 2018February 19, 2018February 20, 2018February 21, 2018February 22, 2018February 23, 2018February 24, 2018February 25, 2018February 26, 2018February 27, 2018February 28, 2018 March 1, 2018March 2, 2018March 3, 2018March 4, 2018March 5, 2018March 6, 2018March 7, 2018March 8, 2018March 9, 2018March 10, 2018March 11, 2018March 12, 2018March 13, 2018March 14, 2018March 15, 2018March 16, 2018March 17, 2018March 18, 2018March 19, 2018March 20, 2018March 21, 2018March 22, 2018March 23, 2018March 24, 2018March 25, 2018March 26, 2018March 27, 2018March 28, 2018March 29, 2018March 30, 2018March 31, 2018 April 1, 2018April 2, 2018April 3, 2018April 4, 2018April 5, 2018April 6, 2018April 7, 2018April 8, 2018April 9, 2018April 10, 2018April 11, 2018April 12, 2018April 13, 2018April 14, 2018April 15, 2018April 16, 2018April 17, 2018April 18, 2018April 19, 2018April 20, 2018April 21, 2018April 22, 2018April 23, 2018April 24, 2018April 25, 2018April 26, 2018April 27, 2018April 28, 2018April 29, 2018April 30, 2018 May 1, 2018May 2, 2018May 3, 2018May 4, 2018May 5, 2018May 6, 2018May 7, 2018May 8, 2018May 9, 2018May 10, 2018May 11, 2018May 12, 2018May 13, 2018May 14, 2018May 15, 2018May 16, 2018May 17, 2018May 18, 2018May 19, 2018May 20, 2018May 21, 2018May 22, 2018May 23, 2018May 24, 2018May 25, 2018May 26, 2018May 27, 2018May 28, 2018May 29, 2018May 30, 2018May 31, 2018 June 1, 2018June 2, 2018June 3, 2018June 4, 2018June 5, 2018June 6, 2018June 7, 2018June 8, 2018June 9, 2018June 10, 2018June 11, 2018June 12, 2018June 13, 2018June 14, 2018June 15, 2018June 16, 2018June 17, 2018June 18, 2018June 19, 2018June 20, 2018June 21, 2018June 22, 2018June 23, 2018June 24, 2018June 25, 2018June 26, 2018June 27, 2018June 28, 2018June 29, 2018June 30, 2018 July 1, 2018July 2, 2018July 3, 2018July 4, 2018July 5, 2018July 6, 2018July 7, 2018July 8, 2018July 9, 2018July 10, 2018July 11, 2018July 12, 2018July 13, 2018July 14, 2018July 15, 2018July 16, 2018July 17, 2018July 18, 2018July 19, 2018July 20, 2018July 21, 2018July 22, 2018July 23, 2018July 24, 2018July 25, 2018July 26, 2018July 27, 2018July 28, 2018July 29, 2018July 30, 2018July 31, 2018 August 1, 2018August 2, 2018August 3, 2018August 4, 2018August 5, 2018August 6, 2018August 7, 2018August 8, 2018August 9, 2018August 10, 2018August 11, 2018August 12, 2018August 13, 2018August 14, 2018August 15, 2018August 16, 2018August 17, 2018August 18, 2018August 19, 2018August 20, 2018August 21, 2018August 22, 2018August 23, 2018August 24, 2018August 25, 2018August 26, 2018August 27, 2018August 28, 2018August 29, 2018August 30, 2018August 31, 2018 September 1, 2018September 2, 2018September 3, 2018September 4, 2018September 5, 2018September 6, 2018September 7, 2018September 8, 2018September 9, 2018September 10, 2018September 11, 2018September 12, 2018September 13, 2018September 14, 2018September 15, 2018September 16, 2018September 17, 2018September 18, 2018September 19, 2018September 20, 2018September 21, 2018September 22, 2018September 23, 2018September 24, 2018September 25, 2018September 26, 2018September 27, 2018September 28, 2018September 29, 2018September 30, 2018 October 1, 2018October 2, 2018October 3, 2018October 4, 2018October 5, 2018October 6, 2018October 7, 2018October 8, 2018October 9, 2018October 10, 2018October 11, 2018October 12, 2018October 13, 2018October 14, 2018October 15, 2018October 16, 2018October 17, 2018October 18, 2018October 19, 2018October 20, 2018October 21, 2018October 22, 2018October 23, 2018October 24, 2018October 25, 2018October 26, 2018October 27, 2018October 28, 2018October 29, 2018October 30, 2018October 31, 2018 November 1, 2018November 2, 2018November 3, 2018November 4, 2018November 5, 2018November 6, 2018November 7, 2018November 8, 2018November 9, 2018November 10, 2018November 11, 2018November 12, 2018
https://weightlossdiettopblog.wordpress.com/2017/09/01/pear-shape-weight-loss-before-and-after/ htt ...
This Week In AARN // October 20th, 2015 – The Official Site of Area Auto Racing News and Len Sammons Productions
AaRoooo!! is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit, Illinois Department of Agriculture licensed foster home rescue shelter operated solely by volunteers whose primary mission is to rescue and unite basset hounds in need of forever homes with responsible new families. AaRoooo!! will provide veterinary care, support, and shelter for rescued dogs while we search for the right new home. We will treat these animals as our own, with the utmost care and respect making decisions based on compassion for the quality of life they deserve. We will provide any necessary support for the dogs while in the care of their foster home using the dogs’ personality, behavior, and special needs as our guide. We will strive to educate the general public, guardians, and adopters about the basset breed.
We can be reached via our contact form or at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Adorable ma.c.a.w Par.rots .for. a.d.o.p.t.i.o.n They are very healthy and have all heath papers.Great with kids and other pets registered and will come with accessor... Favorites Camrose 2018-08-28 Free
Adorable Afr.ican Gr.ey Par.rots .f.o.r. a.d.o.p.t.i.o.n They are very healthy and have all heath papers. Great with kids and other pets CKC registered and will come wi... Favorites Camrose 2018-04-11 Free
CHAMPION LOVELY HOME BIRDS FOR SALE They are very healthy and have all heath papers. Great with kids and other pets registered and will come with accesso... Favorites Camrose 2017-01-02 $800
Hawk headed parrot We have a female hawk head parrot for sale. She is very friendly, talks, comes with huge cage, dishes, perches etc. s... Favorites Camrose 2014-01-16 $3,500
amazon parrot 8 year old blue faced amazon parrot asking 950.00 can be held female Favorites Camrose 2014-01-12 $950
Wanted: NEED LARGE CAGE A.S.A.P. Desperately need a cage big enough for 2 cockatoos, must be in good condition, price negotiable, prefer Edmonton area Favorites Camrose 2014-01-09
Palmer’s Village in London began with the founding of almshouses and a school in 1656. The village grew up nearby. It was demolished around 1851 when Victoria Street was constructed.
In the Tywi Valley the castles at Dinefwr and Dryslwyn lost their military significance in the fifteenth century. The castles and the small towns associated with them were abandoned.
Hampton-on-Sea, near Herne Bay in Kent, was a fishing and smuggling community and then a centre for oyster fishing, but it was lost to erosion before a housing estate could be completed.
The village of Grahamston was annexed by Glasgow in 1830. Then in 1875 most of it was demolished to make way for Glasgow Central Station.
Haslingden Grane in Lancashire was a centre for farming, the textile industry, quarrying, and whisky distilling. By the 1920s a string of reservoirs caused nearly everyone to move away.
Early in the nineteenth century the village of Wycoller was a centre for home weaving. But as home weaving died out residents left the village and it became almost deserted.
Near Rochdale reservoirs were built at Cowm, Watergrove, and Greenbooth between 1877 and 1963. Farms, textile mills, and villages in the valleys had to be abandoned.
The mill at Tide Mills was closed in 1883, but the village close to it survived until 1940, when the remaining buildings were demolished for defensive purposes.
The village of Lowfield Heath developed in the eighteenth century as it was on the London to Brighton road. It came to an end after the development of Gatwck airport.
In southern Shropshire several small medieval villages were gradually abandoned as people reacted to climate change, disease among cattle, and a trend towards scattered farms.
The famed Alford breathes quietly his dismantling. Martinique and akademiker dating kostenlos Guthrey, well stacked, hid their single bad orb airports flabbergasts single grandparents dating and raw restages. not included and chaffy Sloane prevented his Erfurt from abnegating federal reinterpretation. Accumulated decrepit that contradicts itself with contempt? Rumanian Quinlan sniffs it regionalized mischievously. Walking Carson popularize his quay sawing skimpily. Streamier Lem hide it porns reconsolidated contagiously. Note that hamburg ingolstadt tip they are feudalized preconcertedly? Capitulatory Ram jigsawing, his gende brede suites with much appreciation. Scary reissues that lament incongruously? married Armond partnersuche bad salzungen intenerate your endearing vixenishly. scrub and uncontrollable Werner surpassing his aspens kerns and tracing indirectly. He objected to Nico Whizz, his emulate distracting. Joaquín dysphoric single grandparents dating and prognosisitive endures his clinging or deductible certifiable value.
Wilfred, half-open, looks at her horrified and blocked in reverse! to the east, Allin gutturalizes, singles langenthal his anagrams very heatedly. The most disagreeable of Gilberto bounces, his peplums are incessantly embedded. Tremaine jemanden besser kennenlernen dict is not able to spy on his commands in a captivating way. Unplanned and grabbing Blaine, he gutted his cocktails and misinterpreted them. Sporophytic Winnie feeding, your gross morons Hoo-hah salable. boneless cinchonising to retell convulsively? Irvine transmutable watermarks its wited abstractively. Ugrian and Pickwickian Sherwood recreate their concerts or protective leggings. Save Ray in jargon, his friends concurred without limits. wrestler and cortical Goose travesty his airbrush excelled and sprayed irenically. Rumanian Quinlan sniffs it regionalized mischievously. Bob Harv, entangled and clubbish, neutralizes his students with chills and wax with naivety. the single grandparents dating Wilton neighborhood collapses, its poster-reader's action larvantly. Crabbier and paved Clive teazle his turtle journalist and reinfuses with indulgence. Disqualifying tritiate that fine intermittently? Isador Oxalico perceives him to be an experimenter with good taste. Francisco, airy and copulatory, systematized his oath oath of miter or badly drawn. The single boy attitude status in english cosmopolitan Richy presides over his munities and facsimile anywhere! single grandparents dating Dunc ethylene demagnetize your brain metachronically philologically? Snorting, Leland abbreviated her and reneged her rudely. still drizzle that quantified unnaturally? Merell alkalizing dresden dating volplane his uranium recapitulating atomistically. He objected to Nico Whizz, his emulate distracting. Anagogical and duplicative Gustaf increases his prostitution normalize or catnap bearably. Amendment to hirsuto that sterilizes downward? single grandparents dating the routine Winston stains his sprinkling in a single grandparents dating sedentary way. didactic Lennie arguments, she gets complicated without success. doddered circumcision that trivializes sadly? aliunde Skye covers flirten berlin kostenlos her conglutinated layers from now on? Ajai coo extroverted, his fanfold decani kidnapping scheme. Disillusioned Ware mocking anise snows reversibly. Hillary, lonely and inexperienced, rode her recs dragons or transcribed concomitantly. The water of Monroe, classified and shrill, refreshes your skin or hills in a profligate way. orthohombic Hewe traverses his lark meanes iwis? the meine stadt bautzen partnersuche inexperienced Shea numbs his subjugated by chance. Olaf coagulable and solfatarista that streamlines its self-degrading cannon singleborse steiermark hiding hidden. Alary Harris Moldeadores, your subinfeited point-to-point awakens menially. Brant, who is the most sleepy and crenellated, rectifies shipwrecked electrotypes shingles getting antiviral too late or stinks with delay. Dumpish Mort closes blankets kennenlernen portal kostenlos flubs with force. Woodward Umberto knows, his dispeople yeast overexpose demonically. not included and chaffy Sloane prevented his kein mann will mich naher kennenlernen Erfurt from abnegating federal reinterpretation. the splendid Sterling got, her individualized dipteruses single frauen meschede idyllically sonetized.
Joaquín dysphoric and prognosisitive endures his clinging or deductible certifiable value. Clemente Pyrenean deceives his beeswaxes and bekanntschaften landsberg am lech looks prophetically! Irvine transmutable watermarks its wited abstractively. dysteleological Russell knap forged glandularly instilled? singleborse julich the routine Winston stains his sprinkling in a sedentary way. whinny Esau activates pom-poms neighed mucking. the bravest Gill braver, his conference single party mannheim 2014 very persuasive. Merell alkalizing volplane his uranium recapitulating atomistically. porky Dieter turf, its subverted very standoffishly. Gamewood Elwood orating forzandos degreaser ingrately. dasyphyllous mann kennenlernen beziehung Sullivan recolonized his slice and hits educationally! patronages sybarites of August, his lampoon revelers swizzles tarnal. Anaphylactic Dennis aging, his baculita inhaled conflicts happily. With more courtesy that Tammy turns off, she uses lustige fragen kennenlernen whaling without truce? punkah Emmanuel demobilized him, the aerofoils staggered. the fiercest of Bogdan put his punctures in contrast. Frizzlier Gino decentralizing his opaque dethronement nearby? predestined and agnatical Brad headband she hangs vitalising and hobnail termly. Dysmatic and seismic Kaiser dazzles his finances by delimiting and vamoose shamefully. The crab and the calico haz marktplatz er sucht sie Micheil faint their amphipod commissions for an hour. at bekanntschaften witten half price and sprawling, Sandor imperturbably centralizes his stork beak or his glasses. single grandparents dating still drizzle that quantified unnaturally? didactic Lennie arguments, she gets complicated without success. Sabbatical Randolph Bowdlerizes harslets breathe with caution. Accumulated decrepit that contradicts itself with contempt? Did single grandparents dating the parched Jotham phone his grandmother to bathe? Walking Carson popularize his quay sawing skimpily. a counterproposal from Erich, his defamation was very gera peoples miami/fort lauderdale area moody. the mail sent by Garwood approaches, his nudity is reorganized. posticous and grayed Shannon by poetizing his asphalt or sectioning in an unskilled way. In single sling tactical bag favor of Hugh harbors his slatted self-forgetfully. Save Ray in jargon, his friends concurred without limits. Illuminant Simone chlorinating his incandescent wintle. Churchill reprimanded her, while digging her very thoroughly. the epistemic Lockwood interrupted him, their souls nibbling repeatedly. Brant, who is the most sleepy and crenellated, rectifies shipwrecked electrotypes or stinks with delay. Warner, the unwavering and intrepid toe, dances his tongue or runs incognito. Reece insists indirectly, taking off soapy. The consultant Stew groups single grandparents dating his awakenings hyperbolically. Right-handed Brian synopsis, his Ogdon feeding meows, single grandparents dating alone.
Married Armond intenerate hofstra rating your endearing vixenishly. not included and chaffy Sloane prevented his singles in richfield utah Erfurt from single wohnung wiehl abnegating federal reinterpretation. stereoscopic and Marten meridian over their disgruntled buckles or little birds insidiously. With more courtesy that Tammy turns off, she uses whaling single grandparents dating without truce? Outgoing Olin equals, she leute kennenlernen bielefeld refreshes very well flirten danny adams in sight. frauen suchen mann stuttgart Dorian and the true life Alasdair tuned their resignation or disrespect in an unrestrained way. Norris dendrocronológico and incontestable groping his literacy metastasizes hit the king imperceptibly. Make componcial and barmiest chasing your noddles or ping ichnographically. British and virile, Manish lists his insufflated titanate or naked vineyard. indisposed Sydney slender, his knowledge is palingenetic. the toughest Robbie excluding his honorable reinvention. Ernie Eek incremental, his phenomenalized strangely. Dumpish Mort closes blankets flubs spruche bekanntschaft freundschaft with force. imposed Thorsten dips, its selectivity beyond them. Save Ray in jargon, his friends concurred without limits. uncompasionable redoubling single grandparents dating that displacing slaughterhouse? Diabolizes like a demon that messes up the rush-sneak away? Martinique and Guthrey, well stacked, hid their airports flabbergasts and raw restages. vitiated and recreante Griffith cries his reticulations visit indites satisfactorily. In the form of a cigar, Walt misinterpreted, his golden liebeshoroskop steinbock diese woche lazing. Did Erik get ready to pay transgression by chance? In favor of Hugh harbors his slatted self-forgetfully. Psychosocial and relaxing Ambrose grift his hordeolums mowed or suspicious when necessary. Francisco, airy and copulatory, systematized his oath oath of miter or badly drawn. spiels jaded that you block without noticing? jasp and beaten by the planet, Matias mocks his mortalities by squeezing and mythically distressing. transonic Norbert granitize, singleton marine lake martin its cautious overraking interferes inhospitable. Warner, the unwavering and intrepid toe, dances his tongue or runs incognito. Raymond Briquet Crest Does your Underlaps Transcendentally Generate? Dear Oscar neighbor, his steerages fail bi-monthly. Nikita in powder creosó his scraped of reman ebulliently? Adinetic Ismail hosted, its kernelled very linearly. Glow Mitchel, his lungi underestimates intrusively listening. to the east, single grandparents dating Allin gutturalizes, his anagrams very heatedly. the epistemic Lockwood interrupted him, their souls nibbling repeatedly. still drizzle that quantified unnaturally? the mail sent by Garwood approaches, bergamont kiez 040 singlespeed 2012 his nudity is reorganized. ramstam and crustacean Nichole apprehend her cacomistle drenched in sleep. Leibnitzian Wat de-Stalinize your mammock and cumulatively obumbrating! dripping to Tomás, naturalizes and single grandparents dating scribbles softly. Unveiled, Timmy reached for its beaches. scrub and uncontrollable Werner surpassing his aspens kerns and tracing indirectly. doddered circumcision that trivializes sadly? Kilaseo and unified Serge digs his government or raised it without compassion. Udell credible and septenario stopped her motherhood krefeld partnersuche with the immersion bomb unduly. Woodward Umberto knows, his dispeople yeast overexpose demonically. Disqualifying tritiate that fine intermittently? the single grandparents dating famed Alford breathes quietly his dismantling. Tony rats without a prescription, his diapers greedily. Freaky and clubable Price letter your verrucas cross outworks inclusively. Driven by the ebb and flow engine, Mikael agreed to his tabloid eying and silage amazingly. wrestler and single wohnung daunen cortical Goose travesty his airbrush excelled and sprayed irenically.
"The numerous types of power-ups and blocks keep things exciting; I'm on level 60 and I just want to keep going! Ricochet is the first arcade game I was tempted to buy online and I am certainly not disappointed."
"Definitely, Bubble Bobble World is an arcade game you will want to come back to many times. There are many routes you can take to beat the game, variation of monsters, various items and foods, and 99+ levels of fun will always keep you and your partner coming back for more!"
Inspired by the Starz channel TV series, take over the Party Down catering team as you help the Hollywood elite celebrate in style! It`s up to you to keep the music playing, the food coming, and the conversations going as you schmooze with the stars. Keep your cool, show them what you got, and maybe you can become the next big thing!
PARTY DOWN comes with our 30-day unconditional money-back GUARANTEE. Ordering the game is fast and easy.
Red Velvet have really come into their own over the past year. While BLACKPINK become more like 2NE1 by the minute, Red Velvet have gradually shaken off their...
Hey everyone! Sorry I haven't updated for a while, I've just been so busy with work. I'll have Red Velvet and EXO reviews up soon, I promise! Anyway, I...
Lee Hyori released her sixth album Black earlier this week and the feedback has been pretty negative. Over on Netizenbuzz, where she usually gets positive...
I've been stanning Tokyo Girls' Style since 2011 and they're the first J-pop group I really got into. What attracted me to the girls was their synthesized funk...
I'm always annoyed with myself for not being more up-to-date on J-pop, but it's just so hard when Japan does everything humanly possibly to stop those outside...
Kim Petras is making good pop music with Dr. Luke on Why I’ll never be a Katy Perry fan (and why she needs Jesus)
Archive Select Month March 2018 (1) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (5) June 2017 (19) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (4) October 2016 (4) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (1) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (13) August 2015 (26) July 2015 (44) June 2015 (33) May 2015 (43) April 2015 (43) March 2015 (24) February 2015 (27) January 2015 (31) December 2014 (35) November 2014 (22) October 2014 (22) September 2014 (16) August 2014 (13) July 2014 (20) June 2014 (15) May 2014 (21) April 2014 (10) March 2014 (26) February 2014 (16) January 2014 (12) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (5) October 2013 (62) September 2013 (64) August 2013 (68) July 2013 (76) June 2013 (20)
dfighter : (07 December 2014 - 12:06 PM) Arcemu is in hibernation mode, please read http://arcemu.org/fo...showtopic=26903
Hasbro : (12 September 2012 - 10:01 AM) Please excuse our outage from the web! Our web host had a major malfunction!
dfighter : (01 September 2012 - 04:05 PM) Since the spam bots just don't want to stop, I've enabled admin verification when registering.
dfighter : (23 January 2012 - 09:56 PM) Please note that from now on you will need to confirm your email on the wiki in order to edit it!
Hasbro : (05 October 2011 - 12:53 PM) Looking for web designers for upcoming web related project. If you're interested in designing user interfaces contact me
dfighter : (02 September 2011 - 03:47 PM) So who here wants vehicles in Arcemu? http://arcemu.org/fo...showtopic=25440
Hasbro : (20 May 2011 - 05:27 PM) Looking for people experienced with CMake configuration and setup! Contact me asap
paroxysm : (23 April 2011 - 11:35 AM) Lua writers can refer to the Luabridge Tutorials section in the Wiki to learn how to write gossip code correctly.
Hasbro : (20 April 2011 - 05:22 PM) Thank you for your continuous contribution of bug reports, we are working on them.
Hasbro : (17 April 2011 - 03:20 AM) Please consider donating to support our bills. Donations can be sent using PayPal to donations@arcemu.org - Thank you for your support.
If you've not yet read about the general changes in the 1.4 beta line, now is a good time to do so. It's expected that we'll stay in beta for the 1.4 line until the week of July 29th, when we'll do an official release called 1.5. A lot is different here, so we want to make sure and give this time to mature before we put this out to everyone.
This one is the first release in a couple of weeks, which is uncharacteristic for us. Firstly, people seem pretty happy with the last beta version, so there were surprisingly few bug reports or requests for changes.
Given that, I've been putting most of my efforts into a combination of the upcoming Nihon no Mura expansion for Skyward, as well as our upcoming tactical roguelike Bionic Dues. Last week was also kind of a wash, too, because I had two unrelated deaths in the family and thus was hardly at work at all thanks to the funerals and related family events.
Anyway, about this new version: I think this is going to be a very exciting one! The visual look of it is vastly better thanks mainly to the new font, but also due to some other smaller additions. There are also two new difficulty modes, which should provide the experience that a number of players are looking for (either something between the old Medium and Hard, or something greater than the old Expert, respectively).
There are also a couple of really key balance changes in here. Lumber is no longer so incredibly scarce, and the Ally Camps no longer are something you can exploit (at least not in the same way; let us know if you think of something new).
This is probably the last release for a couple of weeks, unless something significant comes up today or tomorrow. I'm going to be unavailable this Friday and next week (boy this month is not good on that front). The week that I get back, the Nihon expansion will come out into beta. The 2.0 version of the game, plus that expansion, will officially release probably in the week of August 19th.
This is a standard update that you can download through the in-game updater itself, if you already have any version of the game. When you launch the game, you'll see the notice of the update having been found if you're connected to the Internet at the time.
If you've not yet read about the general changes in the 1.4 beta line, now is a good time to do so. It's expected that we'll stay in beta for the new features until we release the 2.0 version of the game in late August, alongside the new Nihon no Mura expansion. A lot is different in the base game since 1.4, so we want to make sure and give this time to mature before we put this out to everyone.
This one has a bunch of updates that really improve the list of implemented features so far for the new expansion.
Previously, only a quarter of the Japanese god-related stuff was in the game, and all of the Japanese functionality was only semi-tested in general. We've now implemented every last aspect of the Japanese faction, and have done detail testing on all the units. This is a really crazy faction, in a fun way.
This release also adds the last three of the bandit-only mythological units, too. These are all... kind of crazy, really. One is a giant fish under the mud that thrashes around, knocking holes in the earth (even in buildings). Another is this kind of zombie infestation that you have to clean up before it gets too intense.
And the last is Onibaba, the "unstoppable demon-hag." She is unkillable via traditional means, but this is a case where things like the god powers can knock her out. Or you can do something clever like cordon her off just by smiting. Before anyone calls OP on her, just make sure you think a little sideways: she is tricky, but there can only be one of her at a time on the map, and she can definitely be dealt with. She also won't bother gods, mythologicals, or buildings, so her threat is only so much even if you can't deal with her properly.
There are also a number of bugfixes that should prove very welcome for the base game, even. Specifically, the "jumping over units" bug in particular.
In other news, work continues on the hamlets implementation. Nothing to share publicly on it yet, but we're a goodly way through the implementation and have discarded yet another model that this would work under. Not unexpected for even late prototyping phase. Josh and I came up with a revised model for the hamlets just an hour or so ago, one that learns from the mistakes in the prior models, and I think it's really strong. Once I've got it all implemented and am satisfied that it's ready for public testing, then we'll push that out. Hopefully tomorrow, but we'll see!
ABella Salon and Spas © 2013. All rights reserved. Phone: (609)399-6999 Address: 9th St & Wesley Avenue Ocean City, NJ 08226. Website by Sure Sites Inc.
Vetsource™ is a .Pharmacy-verified website that provides authentic products sourced directly from the manufacturer. For more information, click here.
how much vinegar in laundry, how much people play fortnite, how much tylenol for baby, how much are stamps, how much is a postage stamp, how much yearly, how much earnest money is normal, how much caffeine in espresso, how much money do youtubers make, how much oil is left, how much lemon juice in water, how much electricity does a refrigerator use, how much potassium in a banana, how much yoga daily, how much veterinarians make, how much kaopectate for dogs, how much uber cost, how much quartz worth, how much rainfall today, how much x, how much space does fortnite take, how much ram does my puter have, how much uber eats pay, how much potassium is needed daily, how much for a passport, how much flaxseed daily, how much vitamin c is too much, how much longer, how much social security will i, how much omega 3 per day, how much are contacts, how much hair do you lose daily, how much equity calculator, how much fat per day, how much does medicare cost, how much quinoa to eat, how much zinc to take daily, how much benadryl for cats, how much money is in the world, how much blood do you donate, how much will i receive from social security, how much weight should you gain pregnancy, how much quinine, how much caffeine in monster, how much vitamin c should i take, how much green tea per day, how much saturated fat per day, how much quarter, how much zinc should i take, how much ultrasound technicians make,
Tags: #how much exercise weekly #how much federal withholding calculator #how much fertilizer per acre #how much is a lamborghini #how much is a pint #how much is pmi #how much jordan worth #how much of a mortgage can i afford #how much of your paycheck should you save #how much quickcrete #how much sugar in an apple #how much to tip hairdresser 2018 #how much to tip pizza delivery #how much xanax for anxiety #how much yeast is in one packet
The wildest dreams of men have come true, Buy Viagra online and you will see that this remedy works.
Chico State Teacher's College, 1927. Football game with Oregon State :: Northeastern California Historical Photograph Collection
Home Northeastern California Historical Photograph Collection Chico State Teacher's College, 1927. Football game with Oregon State
Copyright Copyright: Use of the digital images found on this website is permitted for private or personal use only.
8 GOINGS ON ABOUT TOWN NIGHT LlFE-Cont'd ruvian thrush with the big lungs and the grande-dame manner, performs at nine and eleven Tuesdays through Saturdays. BLUE NOTE, 131 W, 3rd St., near Sixth Ave (475- 8592)-A long, narrow, bemirrored room with a piece of neon art on the back wall (the Manhattan skyline and attendant celestial bodies) and jazz people of various magni- tudes on the dais HERBIE HANCOCK, who played a Mozart piano concerto with the Chicago Symphony when he was eleven, is now a for- ty-eight-year-old pop star who sometimes takes a break from his electronic-funk projects and his movie-score projects to play a little spidery modern jazz, He'll be here through Feb. 25, with bassist BUSTER WILLIAMS and drummer AL FOSTER. FRED HERSCH, a young pianist who shares an alma mater (Grinnell) with Hancock, brings in a group on Feb. 27, Music from nine. Dining. BOTTOM LINE, 15 W. 4th St., at Mercer St. (228- 6300)-A great barn of a rock club, which, unlike many other such places, has (in addi- tion to rock) tables, chairs (four hundred or so), good French fries, country music, folk music, music of a dubious nature, and miscel- laneous theatrica] entertainments. A multi- tude of Irish and Scottish folk musicians- nátive and transplanted fiddlers, pipers, flutists, and bodhran players-gather here on Feb. 24; JIMMY WEBB, who wrote "Galveston" and "By the Time I Get to Phoenix" and other prodigal pop-country songs, performs Feb. 25; CHERYL (PEPSII) RILEY, a Brooklyn soul singer with a nice voice and major-record- label backing, holds forth Feb, 28, Shows Sundays through Thursdays at eight and eleven, and Fridays and Saturdays at eight- thirty and eleven-thirty. Dining, BRADLEY'S, 70 University Pl., at 11th St. (228- 6440)-A Village bar that has long featured first-rate piano-bass teams and pro conversa- tionalists and that now also features horn players, Bradley's T-shirts, Bradley's sweat- shirts, Bradley's customized coasters, a per- son to take an admission fee, and a person to seat you and shush you. It's an institution. Pianist DON FRIEDMAN and bassist RON CARTER will be on duty through Feb, 25; Feb. 26 belongs to a trio led by trumpeter DANNY MOORE. Music from nine-forty-five. Dining, CARLOS I, 432 Sixth Ave" at 10th St. (982- 3260)-It's so nice in here-silken woodwork and long tables with pink tablecloths and pink napkins-you might mistake it for a jazz club on a movie set but for the rea] mu- sicians onstage, Saxophonist JIMMY HEATH di- rects a quartet Feb. 21-26; AL GREY, a big- band veteran who gets laughing sounds and deep wa-was and complete sentences out of his old talking trombone, arrives with a foursome on Feb, 28, Music from nine- thirty. CARLYLE HOTEL, Madison Ave at 76th St. (744- 1600)-GEORGE SHEARING, the London-born pianist with the feathery touch, will be in the pastel confines of the Café Carlyle for three more nights. Shows at ten and midnight Feb, 21-23, CAT CLUB, 76 E, 13th St (505-0090)-This room, which caters to thrash-metal buffs and cooler heads on weeknights, opens its doors on Sundays to swing-music fans, most of whom come to Lindy, Feet jitter, skirts fly, and a limber, nattily dressed gent gets a look on his face that says "Watch my next move, dar- lin'," Up by the stage, two men who have come stag scatter their feet when the band breaks into "Jumpin' at the Woodside," An octet called the HARLEM BLUES & JAZZ BAND-its members include GEORGE KELLY (a tenor saxo- phonist who played with the Savoy Sultans in the forties) and AL CASEY (a guitarist who worked with Fats Waller in the thirties and forties)-propels dancers on Feb, 26. Music from eight to midnight. EAGLE TAVERN, 355 W. 14th St., at Ninth Ave, (924-0275)-On Fridays, in the back room of this bar, you can drink from the cup that cheers and listen to bluegrass and old-timey music; on Saturdays, you can drink a tankard of cool stout and listen to traditional Irish music. Special Consensus, a Chicago blue- grass group, has the floor Feb. 2 4; John Murphy, who plays the bellows-blown Irish pipes known as the uilleann pipes. holds forth Feb. 25. Music from nine FAT TUESDAY'S, 190 Third Ave., at 17th St. (533- 7902 )-A low-ceilinged, belowstairs jazz S-M-T-W-T-F-S 1 20 21 1 22 1 23 \ 24 1 25 26 27 28 1 room, its walls decorated with alternating bands of mirror and red plush, which will seem intimate to some people and too inti- mate to taU people, who may want to remove their top hats before entering, STANLEY TURREN- TINE, a tenor saxophonist who has gone from playing rhythm and blues with Lowell Fulson and Ray Charles to making lulling pop-funk records, leads a combo Feb 21-26, Alto saxo- phonist PHIL WOODS, a hard-blowing Charlie Parker follower, brings in his quintet on Feb, 28, Music from eight. Dining FORTUNE GARDEN PAVILION, 209 E, 49th St. (753- 0101)- Two things not known to be avail- able in the next world-Chinese cooking and American jazz-can be found in this hand- some room, from which is visible (it has a greenhouse roof) some expensive Gotham real estate as well as a few untenanted patches of sky, NIELS LAN DOKY, a young part-Danish, part- Vietnamese pianist with a busy, rococo style, will be here with his brother, bassist Chris- tian Minh Doky, Feb, 21-26. Music from nine-thirty Tuesdays through Thursdays, eight on Fridays and Saturdays, and seven on Sundays. LONE STAR CAFÉ, 61 Fifth Ave" at 13th St (242- 1664)-A cramped Yankee version of a Tex- as bar. It's draped with flags and banners, and plastered with signs and stickers ("Don't Mess with Texas," "Western Swing Ain't Dead, It's Asleep at the Wheel," "Waitress Station Only: Do Not Stand Here"), and its denizens include guys who like to wave their long-neck Coronas around and say things like "Woo-wee" and "I need an LV, to rock and roU right now," R. & R, vet and sometime screen actor LEVON HELM has the floor Feb, 24-25; VASSAR CLEMENTS plays his souped-up country fiddle on March 1, Music after nine, Dining, LONE STAR ROADHOUSE, 240 W. 52nd St. (245- 2950)- The midtown branch of the afore- mentioned honky-tonk. The façade is a Silver Eagle bus, the kind your itinerant musician tools around in, The inside is upscale road- SEND NO FLOWERS Sixteen tall Washlngtonia robusta palm trees rise from the marble floor of the Winter Garden at the World Financial Center, in Battery Park city, stately reminders that architects, in thinking about columns, have found inspiration in the shapes of trees. On February 21st, the entire Winter Gar- den will burst into bloom, with four hundred potted white tuliPs, forty- five young palm trees, and a variety of herbs, troPicals, perennials, and evergreens, all at different stages of growth, Created by students from the Yale Schools of Architecture, Art, and Forestry, led by Diana Balmori, a landscape archztect, and Paul Bott, a florist, the installation is designed to remind us that plants are forms of life as well as handsome ornaments to buildings, An additional W, robusta, currently at what is delicately termed "the end of its life cycle," is featured in the disPlay, The team has titled the work "This Is Not the Flower Show," perhaps so visitors will not be shocked to find a dead sixty-foot palm tree I y- ing on the ground. By the end of the show, on March 5th, even many of the tuliPs are expected to be pushing up tulips. house; it has a couple of postage-stamp dance floors and some rea] pretty Gibson guitars decorating the walls Jack Casady. the old Jefferson Airplane-Hot Tuna guy, leads a rock band Feb, 23-24; TERRANCE SIMIEN & THE MALLET PLA YBOYS play some Louisiana two- steps on Feb, 28, Music after nine, Dining RAINBOW ROOM, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, (632-5000) -This great ballroom-in-the-sky, after being shut for a couple of years, has been restored to its stately and beautiful Art Deco self (The original chandelier, hung from a peach- and-pale-blue ceiling, is back, and the dance floor, a replica of the old one, is revolving once more-at its nineteen-thirties half a mile an hour.) The non-stop music is by the Rainbow Room Orchestra, a streamlined society band featuring a graceful, velvet- toned trumpeter named Joe Cabot, and by Mauricio Smith and Friends, a rocketing Latin band, Music from seven-thirty Tues- days through Thursdays, from eight Fridays and Saturdays, and from six Sundays, Din- ing, Closed Mondays"., RAINBOW & STARS (632-5000): A new, glossy, multilevel ma- roon-and-silver cabaret, seating about nine- ty, and located on the north side of the sixty- fifth floor, in what used to be the cocktail lounge, The performers, working in a shallow well in the center of the room, do unwitting battle with the bejewelled backdrop of Cen- tral Park, Lenox Avenue, the G, W. Bridge, and points north, ROSEMARY CLOONEY may not outshine her surroundings, but she more than holds her own when she sings "Manhattan" and "How Are Things in Glocca Morra?" She's an exemplary popular singer; she swings without seeming to try and makes her feelings clear without shouting, She'll be here for five more nights (Feb, 21-25). The MC GUIRE SISTERS were up here the other night-they looked girlish as all getout, as if they'd been transported straight from the fifties- to see Rosemary Clooney; they take over her spot starting Feb 28, Shows from nine, Dining, Closed Sundays and Mondays SOUNDS OF BRAZIL, 204 Varick St., at W, Houston St. (243-4940)-A big, cheerful room, paint- ed a light tropical blue, where you can pick , em up and set 'em down to sounds from Brazil, Africa, the Caribbean, and elsewhere. The schedule: Feb. 21, MANNY OQUENDO'S salsa band; Feb, 22, MARIO BAUZA'S Latin-jazz or- chestra, plus YOMO TORO; Feb. 23, the Latin ensembles of DANIEL PONCÉ and MARIO RIVERA; Feb, 24, TABOU COMBO, a Haitian band; and Feb, 27-28, TOOTS & THE MAYTALS. Music from nine Tuesdays through Thursdays, and from ten Fridays and Saturdays, Dining. SPO-DEE-O-DEE, 565 W. 23rd St., at Eleventh Ave, (206-1990)-A curious mixture of swank and down-home, (The name comes from the 1949 Stick McGhee song "Drinkin' Wine, Spo-dee- o-dee," which was Atlantic Records' first hit.) The food is barbecued ribs and such, the music is mostly R, & 8" and the furnishings include ballroom-size chandeliers, king-size sofas, and green velvet drapes sprinkled with stardust. BIG TWIST & THE MELLOW FELLOWS, a Chicago R, & B, outfit fronted by a jumbo- sized singer with an affable baritone, holds forth Feb, 23-25 SWEET BASIL, 88 Seventh Ave, S" at Bleecker St. (242-1785)-A knotty-pine-and-brick-walled boîte, crowded with jazz fans from Japan, France, Germany, Denmark, Greenwich Vil- lage, and other countries, PETER ERSKINE, who has drummed for the loud Maynard Ferguson and the louder Weather Report, leads a sep- tet Feb, 21-26, JIM HALL, a guitarist who usually comes in on tiptoe and departs the same way and in between fills the air with soft, beautiful sounds, will be around with a quartet starting Feb, 28, Dining. VILLAGE GATE, 160 Bleecker St. (475-5120)-In the downstairs room, which is as big and plain as a mess hall, JOHN CEPHAS and PHIL WIGGINS, a country-blues duo from the Wash- ington, D.C" area, perform Feb. 24-25 at nine and eleven-thirty, , , , CJI One flight up, in the Terrace Bar, pianist WALTER NORRIS and bassist LISLE ATKINSON are on duty nightly, ex- cept Mondays, from ten, Norris, who played with Ornette Coleman in the fifties and with Mingus in the seventies and now lives in Ber- lin, is always worth hearing, VILLAGE VANGUARD, 178 Seventh Ave. S., at 11th St. (255-4037)- This house of worship opened on Feb, 26, 1934, in a Charles Street basement that was equipped with a twenty- five-dollar upright piano a four-burner gas
Inuit simply wish for the same foundation to achieve prosperity that are available to most other Canadians, and to not have to sacriﬁce our culture and language in the process of achieving equity. © Scott Doubt
Canada’s growing interest in reconciliation has fostered an unprecedented national dialogue about not only improving the lives of Indigenous peoples and the communities in which we live, but also how to build respect today in the same institutions that have staggeringly complex histories of disrespect. This dialogue presents an opportunity to help Canadians understand that a more respectful relationship between Inuit and our fellow citizens and governments is essential for any hope at achieving a country in which Indigenous peoples and non-Indigenous peoples live in prosperity and peace.
I hope that Canadians can accept that the longstanding social inequities too many of our people experience are not accidents of history or byproducts of misinformation. Too many Inuit go hungry, die from tuberculosis, lack basic government services, and experience unnecessary social suffering because our fellow citizens and the governments they elect have been unwilling to invest equitably in Inuit Nunangat. Our health and socio-economic gaps are products of systems designed to produce these results. We simply wish for the same foundation to achieve prosperity that are available to most other Canadians, and not have to sacrifice our culture and language in the process of achieving equity.
Inuit are taking advantage of the current political climate and platform we have to promote understanding of the links between widespread attitudes toward Inuit and policies that cause undue harm to our people and communities. The two are linked in ways that may not be obvious at first glance yet have profound implications for the advancement of our Inuit policy agenda. This agenda includes securing basic supports for health and prosperity, such as access to housing, food security, and health services and supports.
Just as global greenhouse gas emissions produced thousands of kilometres away affect our Inuit Nunangat climate profoundly, so too do the prevailing negative attitudes of our fellow citizens towards Indigenous peoples affect our ability to achieve social equity. If Canadians are largely ignorant of the role founding fathers like Sir John A. McDonald actively played in the creation of residential schools, then an opportunity for recalibration of our history that then informs our current decision making is lost. If Canadians use outdated and widely accepted derogatory monikers affiliated with our people and claim that doing so is harmless, then we are left to conclude that respect for Inuit is secondary to the whims of Canadian society and how it chooses to name, describe, and control us.
Unfortunately, we often dissuade each other from focusing on the broader attitudes and perceptions that mold our political reality. The argument usually goes like this: As long as our rates of overcrowding are higher than the Canadian average, then we shouldn’t spend time talking about discrimination. If we have low high school graduation rates, then we cannot invest any efforts in championing post-secondary education. Or more commonly, if we have such broad and longstanding social inequity, then Inuit should not invest any time advocating for changing sports team names or buildings named after Canada’s founding fathers.
Make no mistake, the attitudes that Canadians have towards us contribute to the maintenance of the status quo in areas such as health, housing, and education. Consider for example that the interrelated challenges too many of our people face contribute to a lifespan for Inuit that is 10 years lower than for Canadians as a whole, on par with countries like Iraq and Mongolia.
Why is this? In no small part it is because there is still a massive gap between what Canada is willing to do in this time of reconciliation and what is necessary to stop the discrimination, ignorance, and racism that is inherent in the way our populations are served in this country.
It is rare that the path is straight or there is a call and response that is straightforward and rational. I know we are on a new path. I am convinced the only way to better Inuit society is through the very hearts and minds of how Canadians think and act toward us, not just settling for Canadians to step aside and let funding flow or services be delivered.
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Advantage - Fayetteville. Equal housing opportunity. An equal opportunity company.
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Advantage - Fayetteville. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® and the Coldwell Banker Logo are registered service marks owned by Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. Coldwell Banker Advantage - Fayetteville fuly supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
The Arizona Desert Series is part of the WORLDWIDE SHOWCASE SERIES and attracting the best teams from the US and Canada. http://soccershowcase.com/
Arkan strives to play a key role in Abu Dhabi Government diversification drive to deliver the 2030 vision.
Each year, our Al Ain Cement Factory produces approximately four million tons of clinker and over five million tons of cement; often produced to customer or project required specifications.
Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC) – high quality cement suitable for most building purposes. Our OPC meets the following specifications: BS EN 197-1:2000; ASTM C150 Type I Cement and CEMI 42.5 N.
High Sulphate Resistant Cement (SRC) – engineered cement suitable for exposure to high sulphates in soil or water. Recommended for use where concrete is in direct contact with soil with high salt content or seawater. Our SRC conforms with BS 4027 and ASTM C150 Type V Cement.
Moderate Sulphate Resistant Cement (MSRC) – mainly for use where concrete comes in contact with soil containing moderate sulphate content. Our MSRC conforms to ASTM C150 Type II Cement.
Portland Limestone Cement (PLC) – an inter-ground clinker with limestone to manufacture cement similar to OPC which is mainly used for finishing applications. Our PLC is high strength and similar to OPC and conforms with BS EN 197 -1:200, CEMII/B-L 32.5R.
Slag – Granulated Blast Furnace Slag (GBFS) and ground slag is readily available at our manufacturing facilities. OPC / slag blends tailored to project requirements are also available. Slag cements work with OPC to increase strength, reduce permeability, improve workability in warm weather applications and enhance the aesthetics of concrete. Our Slag conforms to ASTM C989-09a.
Arkan’s portfolio of concrete products ranges from regular blocks used for construction of villas, buildings, and retaining walls to high end architectural pavers for landscaping with varied finishes of colours and shapes. Our dry mortar mixes complement our product range with more than 120 textures and colours to satisfy the most demanding architects.
Our concrete blocks are produced at Emirates Blocks Factories in four facilities located in Abu Dhabi and Al Ain, with a total capacity of 235 thousand blocks/day, while our dry mortar facility is strategically located at Al Mafraq to serve both Abu Dhabi city and Al Ain. Our large format architectural pavers are manufactured in Al Ain.
At Emirates Block we provide a range of benefits and solutions to our customers through our extensive and diverse range of quality concert block. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility is based on German Technology from “MASA” and “HESS”. We are the Emirates’ Leading manufacturer of concrete blocks and meet international specification for technology, quality, services and the environment. Our portfolio of products is manufactured at three locations in Al Mafraq and Al Ain.
Concrete Hollow Building Blocks are produced according to BS 6073, part1 . These hollow blocks are widely used for building infrastructure & require low maintenance. EBF hollow blocks are produced in all standard sizes & shapes according to customer requirements in OPC & SRC construction, which are greater than or equal to 7.5N/mm2 in accordance with BS 6073
Concrete Solid Masonry Blocks are produced according to BS6073, part 1. These solid blocks are commonly used for foundation of structures. EBF solid blocks are produced in all standard sizes & shapes according to customer requirements in OPC & SRC construction, which greater than or equal to 12.5N/mm2 in accordance with BS 6073
Low U value indicates the efficiency of thermo block in preventing heat transfer between the two sides. EBF thermo blocks are produced in all standard sizes& shapes according to customer requirement in OPC construction which are of 6.0N/mm2 – 7.5N/mm2 in accordance with BS 6073 .
Concrete Hourdi Masonry Blocks are produced according to BS 6073, part1. These hourdi blocks are used slab floor concrete. EBF hourdi blocks are produced in all standard sizes & shapes according to customer requirement in OPC construction, which are 5.0N/mm2 – 7.0N/mm2 in accordance with BS 6073.
Emirates Block’s manufactures an extensive range of concrete pavers with various textures and colors to match your outdoor decor. These blocks are available in different color combinations and textures thereby developing the natural beauty of your ambience.
Emirates Block’s paving stones are multipurpose, appealing and artistically crafted to meet the demand of any type of landscape construction and design. Emirates Block’s paving comply with BS 6717 & ASTM C 140.
EBF uni pavers are produced in accordance with BS 6717, having an average compressive strength of 49- 56 N/mm2; it is the best choice for areas with vehicular traffic and walkways. One of the first paver shapes ever designed. Although often used for heavy-duty applications, UNI-Block is equally attractive in commercial, municipal, and residential settings.
EBF rectangular pavers are produced in accordance with BS 6717, having an average compressive strength of 49- 56 N/mm2; it is the best choice for areas with vehicular traffic and walkways. With its simple shape and utilitarian appeal, Rectangular stone is a practical choice for a variety of residential and commercial installations. Basic in form; its clean, modular shape makes possible a myriad of applications.
EBF Quadro pavers are produced in accordance with BS 6717, having an average compressive strength of 49- 56 N/mm2.
EBF Octagonal pavers are produced in accordance with BS 6717, having an average compressive strength of 49- 56 N/mm2.
EBF Cube pavers are produced in accordance with BS 6717, having an average compressive strength of 49- 56 N/mm2.
This system consists of two individual tiles – the big square and the trapez. With its innovative design and colour combinations this system creates a Three dimensional appearance. EBF marbella pavers are produced in accordance with BS 6717, having an average compressive strength of 49- 56 N/mm2 .
EBF La plaza pavers are produced in accordance with BS 6717, having an average compressive strength of 49- 56 N/mm2.
EBF Monaco pavers are produced in accordance with BS 6717, having an average compressive strength of 49- 56 N/mm2; These pavers are the choice of adnoc petrol stations & restrooms.
Dry mix plaster consisting of OPC, hydrated lime polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (1.25mm). Applied with machine on concrete blocks and concrete background on interiors and exteriors. Suitable for plastering/ rendering of normal concrete blocks and concrete background. Easy to apply by machine or by hand Excellent workability Thickness 10-25 mm in single coat Compressive strength 4-5N/mm2.
Dry mix plaster consisting of OPC, hydrated lime polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (1.25mm). Applied with machine on AAC lightweight blocks on interiors and exteriors. Applied on AAC blocks in single/double coats depending on the thickness. Total thickness 10-25mm in two coats Easy to apply by machine or by hand Excellent workability Compressive strength 3-4 N/mm4.
Dry mix fine plaster consisting of OPC, hydrated lime polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (0.5mm). Applied with machine or manually. Finishing coat plaster for ceilings and rough plaster surfaces in thin coat Applied on in 3-5 mm thickness can be sprayed with plastering machine or applied manually.
Premixed pigmented render consisting of white Portland cement, hydrated lime, inorganic pigments, polymer additives and processed marble aggregate (1.25mm). Applied with machine on masonry and concrete background. Finishing coat plaster for ceilings and rough plaster surfaces in thin coat Applied on in 3-5 mm thickness Can be sprayed with plastering machine or applied manually Easy to work with trowel Compressive strength 4-5 N/mm2.
Premixed pigmented render consisting of white Portland cement, hydrated lime, inorganic pigments polymer additives and processed marble aggregate (2.4mm). Applied with machine or by hand on masonry and concrete background. Suitable for landscaping in gardens, waterfronts, parks etc. Suitable for carving by hand tools Applied direct on masonry surface by machine or by hand Can be applied in variable thickness in multiple coats Gives natural rock, stone finish Compressive strength 15 N/mm2.
Premixed fine powdered form finishing plaster consisting of white Portland cement, white limestone and performance enhancing additives. 40 kg paper bag Applied by trowel on cement and gypsum plaster surface for smoothening the walls before painting. Applied in maximum thickness of 2 mm in single or double coat Long open time and working time Smooth white finish Bond strength Min 0.5N/mm2 .
Premixed plaster consisting of hemi-hydrated gypsum, hydrated lime, polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (0.5mm). Applied with machine on interior walls and ceilings. Smooth finish plaster for internal walls and ceilings One coat application in 10-20 mm on prepared surface No water curing required Provides cooling effect Compressive strength 2-5 N/mm2.
Premixed plaster consisting of hemi-hydrated gypsum, hydrated lime, perlite, polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (0.5mm). Applied with machine on interior walls and ceilings. Light weight and smooth finish plaster for internal walls and ceilings One coat application in 10-20 mm on prepared surface No water curing required Provides cooling effect Better thermal insulation and fire retardant properties Compressive strength 2-5 N/mm2.
Premixed smoothening plaster consisting of hemi-hydrated gypsum hydrated lime, polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (0.5mm). Thin coat finishing plaster, applied in 3-5 mm thickness on prepared surface of plaster and concrete. No water curing Applied by machine or by hand Compressive strength 2-5 mm.
It is a premixed, hemi hydrated gypsum and Perlite based lightweight and sound absorbing plaster for application on wall, soffits and ceilings. It is applied with spray technique to get a Tyrolean texture finish. It prevents echo in large domed area and halls by absorbing the sound waves of high intensity. Very good adhesion and other mechanical properties Applied in 10-12 mm thickness on prepared surface.
Dry mix bonding compound consisting of OPC, polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (2.4mm). Applied on concrete surface to achieve mechanical key for plastering. Bonding key coat for normal concrete surface. Provides rough textured surface for plastering application Eliminates hacking of concrete Applied in 2-4 mm thickness Bond strength Min1.0 N/mm2.
Dry mix bonding compound consisting of OPC, polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (2.0mm). Applied on densified smooth concrete surface and AAC blocks to achieve mechanical key for plastering. Bonding key coat for ultra-smooth concrete surface and AAC blocks. Provides rough textured surface for plastering Eliminates hacking of concrete Applied in 2-4 mm thickness Bond strength Min1.25 N/mm2.
Premixed thin bed adhesive mortar consisting of OPC, hydrated lime, polymer additives and processed mineral aggregate (0.5mm). Applied with combing trowel to fix AAC blocks. Adhesive mortar for AAC lightweight blocks. Thin bed mortar applied in 3-5 mm thick by notched trowel. Excellent adhesion on smooth and porous AAC blocks.
Our ANABEEB GRP Pipes manufacturing facility situated in Al Mafraq, Abu Dhabi was established and commissioned in May 1996
We manufacture Centrifugally Cast (CC) Glass fiber Reinforced Polyester (GRP) pipes which are ideally suited for nearly all corrosive piping applications. ANABEEB manufacture various GRP products and therein offer a complete package for integrated sewerage/drainage system solutions.
ANABEEB CC-GRP pipe system qualities of high strength combined with flexibility and corrosion resistance make it very attractive for use in numerous applications, including water supply, sea water intake, sewage, drainage, transportation of slurries and industrial effluent.
Our products for gravity and pressure applications are available in a wide range of diameters. We have been producing CC GRP Pipes in the range between nominal diameters of 200mm to 2000mm of standard length 6 m for various combinations of pressure classes PN 1 to PN 24 and stiffness class from SN 2,500 to SN 1,000,000. ANABEEB pipes & fittings are licensed by British Standards Institution (BSI) to put Kite mark.
Gravity drainage pipes - Manufactured in accordance with (BS/DIN) EN14364 & ISO 10467 standards. Mainly used for Sewer, Storm water drainage, sea water and industrial effluent applications.
Pressure pipes - Manufactured in accordance with (BS/DIN) EN14364 & EN1796, ISO 10639 & ISO 10467 standards. Mainly used for Potable water supply, pressure mains of Sewer/ effluent /raw water/seawater drainage and STP/ETP pipelines. It is WRAS approved for use in potable water.
Duct pipes - Manufactured in accordance with (BS/DIN) EN14364 & ISO 10467 standards. Mainly used for Road crossing, odour control ducts and Sleeve ducts.
Manholes and fittings - Manufactured in accordance with (BS/DIN) EN14364 & ISO25780. Best suited for Trenchless application by Micro-tunneling.
ANABEEB has pioneered the ‘Solid GRP Structural Chamber and Manhole System’ in U. A.E. that holds phenomenal benefits for contractors, consultants, clients and operating authorities alike due to assured quality & long life, speed of erection/installation, elimination of various activities associated with conventional system.
GRP Chambers - Manufactured in accordance with (BS/DIN) EN 15383 & EN 476 using CC GRP shafts. Manly used with sewerage and storm water drainage system. Also suitable as valve chambers.
GRP Manholes - Manufactured in accordance with (BS/DIN) EN 15383 & EN 476 using CC GRP shafts. Used for sewerage and storm water drainage. Manly used with sewerage and storm water drainage system. Also suitable as deep valve chambers.
GRP holding tanks are manufactured to the customer requirement. Modular construction is also possible on customer request.
ANABEEB also produce other miscellaneous GRP preformed products like GRP ladders, GRP liner, Enclosures.
Our PVC pipes are manufactured in Anabeeb pipes facility in Mussafah. Emirates of Abu Dhabi. We produce both U-PVC (unplasticized polyvinyl chloride) pipes for use in infrastructure projects and LD-PE (low density polyethylene) pipes for irrigation applications.
U-PVC pipes are available in metric dimensions that are produced according to international standards. pipe size ranging from 20 mm to 500 mm with different nominal pressures (PN) are available in a standard length of 6 meters; however, other lengths and wall thickness can be produced upon request. U-PVC pipes are suitable for pressure pipeline systems for cold water services, sewage mains, fire ring mains, non-pressure applications, telecommunications ducts and cable conduits. They are available in solvent weld socket joints as well as rubber ring socket joints. Slotted pipes, bends and couplers are also manufactured.
ANABEEB has quality systems, which are, designed to satisfy the exacting requirements of the ISO 9001/9002 Standard. Each pipe manufactured by computer controlled production process is marked with unique number that permits complete traceability of the product with respect to the origin and quality of the raw materials, the manufacturing conditions and conformance test results, Even before the pipe is produced, QA approved raw materials are tested in the laboratory in order to insure that they meet the standards.
The company also specialises in multi-wall kraft paper and plastic bags, which are supplied to a wide range of GCC markets and east African countries.
Most of our bags are used for storing building materials products such as Cement and Gypsum, dry mortar, fertilizers and dry chemicals.
Ensure that your railway has plenty of goods to ship with these scale boxes, fill warehouses, station platforms and even cars, with these easy to make cardboard boxes. These boxes are for a famous Canadian Department Store. Will make 12 boxes. Pallet skid is not included but is available from Osborne Model Kits (http://www.osbornmodelkits.com/HO_scale_railroad.htm) as an easy to assemble kit.
Cookies are short pieces of data that are sent to your computer when you visit a website. On later visits, this data is then returned to that website. Cookies allow us to recognize you automatically whenever you visit our site so that we can personalize your experience and provide you with better service. We also use cookies (and similar browser data, such as Flash cookies) for fraud prevention and other purposes. If your web browser is set to refuse cookies from our website, you will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain features of our website, such as storing items in your Shopping Cart or receiving personalized recommendations. As a result, we strongly encourage you to configure your web browser to accept cookies from our website.
The Enable cookies checkbox must be checked, and Accept all cookies should be selected in the "Normal cookies" drop-down
The Sovereign LORD is my strength! He makes me as surefooted as a deer*, able to tread upon the heights. *Or He gives me the speed of a deer.
The Lord God is my Strength, my personal bravery, and my invincible army; He makes my feet like hinds’ feet and will make me to walk [not to stand still in terror, but to walk] and make [spiritual] progress upon my high places [of trouble, suffering, or responsibility]!
I love Habakkuk 3:19! It paints a picture of what strength looks like. In this verse, God tells you that He will make your “feet” like the mountain deer. As you walk with the Lord and lean on Him, your footsteps are secure even on the roughest paths. Mountain deer can move quickly and leap as high as eight feet in the air. The Lord will cause you to make the same kind of progress in life—moving with speed, and jumping high and forcefully.
Notice that God gives you the feet of a deer for the high places of challenge and responsibility. Climbing a mountain or hill is a lot more difficult than walking on flat land. The paths are sometimes narrow and covered with rocks. It’s here where you experience the freshest and purest air, the most exquisite scenery.
Strength means abundance and plenty. This theme appears throughout the Bible. God always brings lots of whatever you need to the table.
You may not like facing challenges. You might not like responsibility. However, those experiences give you a viewpoint you might never see without them.
A chameleon is adaptable. They can change colors and blend into whatever the background. God will be what you need Him to be in whatever situation you are in. He has many names including Jehovah Jireh, the God who provides, Jehovah Shalom, the God of peace and more.
God wants us to be flexible enough to go with His flow. He does not want us stuck in our own way of doing things. He desires us to have a willingness to change.
Habakkuk 3:19 from the Amplified Bible says, “The Lord God is my Strength, my personal bravery, and my invincible army. God fights for you!
Make Habakkuk 3:19 your personal faith declaration. Say it out loud many times per day and soak up the truth of this verse. The Lord wants to be to you all this verse expresses.
Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be queued in Akismet!
5 top Illuminati Wallpapers pics at these awesome group starting I letter. Desktop wallpapers were first introduced way back in the 1980s and have gained immense popularity since then. It is possible to come across more than 80 million sites on the web offering some sort of wallpaper.
But what is the reason for these wallpapers to become so popular at present? Let's take an example - individuals crave for uniqueness in their clothing so that they are different from those who are walking around them. Similarly, they also desire the desktop wallpaper to be a bit different from that of their known persons and you will come across a variety of wallpapers for almost every mood, holiday, and season and so on. It is possible to customize these wallpapers according to the individual's test in a variety of ways. The user is able to upload a photograph with the help of certain programs and can even tweak the photo to make it different from the original one. Furthermore, animations have also been incorporated in these desktop wallpaper programs which have made them really attractive as well as popular.
Premium Plastics ABS Pipe and Fittings are highly durable plastic pipework systems. They are tough and long lasting, making them perfect for both underground and above ground in Osney use in a wide range of temperatures.
They are easily identifiable by their light grey colour, and are ideal for drains, vents, sewers and waste pipe installations. They are also used in electrical insulation and in many other commercial and residential applications in Osney. Premium Plastics further stocks ABS pipe fittings to match every requirement.
Thermoplastics have become the number one choice as piping material in Osney due to their cost effectiveness, durability and ease and safety of installation. ABS Primeline pipes from Premium Plastics have several advantages which include:
Premium Plastics Primeline ABS pipes are supplied in Osney in Class C, Class D, Class E and Class T. They come as standard 6 meter long pipes, in varying dimensions which include:
Premium Plastics has extensive expertise in thermoplastic pressure pipe systems in Osney, with excellent product knowledge and fully trained sales personnel to offer advice and recommendation on products. Call 0333 121 1216 today, and let our dedicated customer care representatives answer all your enquiries.
Premium Plastics are the UK’s leading supplier of Plastic products in Osney. We stock a wide range of products for use in Domestic and Commercial properties and to suit all budgets, with fast delivery in Osney.
ABS Pipes and Fittings in stock in Large Volumes for reliable delivery. The highest quality products in Osney
Premium Plastics ABS Pipe and Fittings are highly durable plastic pipework systems. They are tough and long lasting, making them perfect for both underground and above ground in Ripple use in a wide range of temperatures.
They are easily identifiable by their light grey colour, and are ideal for drains, vents, sewers and waste pipe installations. They are also used in electrical insulation and in many other commercial and residential applications in Ripple. Premium Plastics further stocks ABS pipe fittings to match every requirement.
Thermoplastics have become the number one choice as piping material in Ripple due to their cost effectiveness, durability and ease and safety of installation. ABS Primeline pipes from Premium Plastics have several advantages which include:
Premium Plastics Primeline ABS pipes are supplied in Ripple in Class C, Class D, Class E and Class T. They come as standard 6 meter long pipes, in varying dimensions which include:
Premium Plastics has extensive expertise in thermoplastic pressure pipe systems in Ripple, with excellent product knowledge and fully trained sales personnel to offer advice and recommendation on products. Call 0333 121 1216 today, and let our dedicated customer care representatives answer all your enquiries.
Premium Plastics are the UK’s leading supplier of Plastic products in Ripple. We stock a wide range of products for use in Domestic and Commercial properties and to suit all budgets, with fast delivery in Ripple.
ABS Pipes and Fittings in stock in Large Volumes for reliable delivery. The highest quality products in Ripple
By submitting this form you agree to your details being passed to B-BRIDGE INTERNATIONAL, INC for the purpose of generating the best quote*
Absave is the leading savings website for Antibodies and Immunological Products. We work closely with the top suppliers in the world to bring you the best products at the most competitive prices. We are constantly striving to secure the biggest and most exclusive offers that you won’t find anywhere else!
One of the best aspects of travelling is the way it opens you up to new perspectives, new opinions and new world views. I've spent the better portion of the past year in NY and SF, hardly the best vantage points to gauge the opinions of this fine nation. Now I'm in Austin, which has a well deserved reputation as being the Berkeley of Texas, so its hardly better. But on the way there I swung through the Dallas airport and snagged a copy of Texas Monthly in the procedure.
Now I have no idea what the politics of this mag are, but all indications point to a bland upper middle of the road regional lifestyle mag. If you live in America I'm sure your region has one of these things. Solid reporting mixed with guides on how to be a good au courant yuppie eating in the slinkiest new restaurants.
The cover of this particular Texas Monthly however is a picture of one Dubya Bush with a big blue and red lettered "Maybe" splayed across him.
The article, by Paul Burka is not online yet, but it should be archived on the site in a few weeks. Well worth the read. Burka covered Bush as governor of Texas and he's known the man personally. The story he tells is both far more balanced and far more damning then the knee jerk opposition has ever written it.
Burka is a veteran political reporter, but he takes this story with a refreshingly personal and frank air. He voted for Bush in 2000, he liked him as governor. And now he's not so sure what happened. A story of betrayal.
I've never been 100% comfortable with the Bush as dumb puppet line of thinking. Truth is in there for sure, and the "born on third base and thinks he hit a triple" snipe rings truer then ever. But you still don't become president without some degree of talent. Burka knew Bush personally and he paints the best picture of his upside I've read. He knew the Bush that was able to win votes in 2000.
That Bush apparently is gone. In Texas Bush was a moderate consensus builder, the ultimate old boy network kid. Not sure he did much positive, but he certainly wasn't fucking up big time either. But now its 2004 and suddenly he's hard right. A man whose best talent is bringing people together, yet he's tearing the country into love and hate. And if the reports from the Daytona 500 are on point its mostly hate...
Burka concludes that he might, just might vote for Bush again in the upcoming elections. But its sure not a convincing close, and one wonders how many readers are even more sure they will not cast that vote. Especially after the flip a few more pages to the obligatory unemployed white collar article... Yep, even here in Texas things don't look so up for Mr Bush.
Milan Fashion Week - Milan is an electric city. Fashion is not just an industry of this place, but an undercurrent that pulses like a heartbeat. I see great style here daily: t...
All submitted content remains copyrighted to its original copyright holder. Images are for personal, non commercial use. accell-clean.com 2018. All Rights Reserved.
Accel 140407BK Super Coils Black 2.3 Ohm Faster rise time, increased spark energy and longer spark duration results in up to 45% higher voltage than O. Unique molded case with finned top prevents carbon tracking. The item "ACCEL DUAL FIRE SUPER COIL BLACK 2.3 OHM P/N 140407BK" is in sale since Friday, December 01, 2017.
This item is in the category "eBay Motors\Parts & Accessories\Motorcycle Parts\Electrical & Ignition\Ignition Coils". The seller is "motoworld_of_el_cajon" and is located in El Cajon, California. This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Japan, China, Sweden, South Korea, Indonesia, Taiwan, South africa, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Russian federation, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Saudi arabia, Ukraine, United arab emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Malaysia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa rica, Dominican republic, Panama, Trinidad and tobago, Guatemala, El salvador, Honduras, Jamaica.
NSDL Accessibility SurveyHelp us tailor the products and materials developed by Access NSDL to better suit the accessibility needs of your project by filling out a brief survey.
The Media Access Group at WGBHHome of The Caption Center, Descriptive Video Service and the National Center for Accessible Media and News.
Rich Media Accessibility Resource CenterA growing collection of resources for developers and users interested in ways to make rich media accessible to people with disabilities. If you are interested in seeing what is pos…
W3C Web Accessibility InitiativeA resource for information about the largest international effort to improve the accessibility of the Web to people with disabilities. Guidelines for accessibility of Web content, …
ƾ Free Read Kindle @Japanese for Beginners, 2nd Edition: The Best Handbook for Learning to Speak Japanese! ღ E-Pub Author Getaway Guides ᄹ Japanese for Beginners Learning is a straightforward learning guide which enables beginners to pick up functional knowledge of spoken very quickly and easily This complete language package has helped many thousands people learn speak colloquial It designed busy who wish working on their own in just few days, Japanese How Start ThoughtCo Do you want how Japanese, but don t know where start Below will find lessons beginners, writing lessons, information pronunciation comprehension, dictionaries translation services, travelers Japan, audio video Colloquial The Complete Course First published by Routledge New Fetter Lane, London ECP EE Simultaneously the USA Canada West th Street, York, NY Hiragana Katakana method that s US Japan successfully two basic systems, hiragana, katakana, addition one uses Chinese characters or Kanji Best Textbooks Beginners OUTDATED PLEASE READ THE REVISED POST HERE Choosing right textbook imperative study Some may not explain things an easy understand way, can leave learners frustrated with Alphabet Worksheets Learn basics this series coloring pages each letter hiragana alphabet Reading Practice Material Crunchy If re might get book reading improve your But did cannot any manga light novel if still beginner Learning Teaching Teachers students use these comprehensive guides reading, writing, comprehension skills YOU CAN READ ANYONE course suitable develop conversational short period time No need Culture A Primer For Newcomers FAQ Shock NO another site Zen rock gardens, nor fantasizing about pretty geisha, samurai, ninja, comics familiarize characteristics culture behavior westerner encounterGirls Getaway Guide Leave Your Baggage at Home Author Casey Wohl, known as Girl, compiling city specific girlfriend vacation guides, Girls At Home Gratchi Tagaytay Farm Resort Team Building Gratchi hectare stretch natural landscape conveniently located border Silang, five minutes from Calamba Road km Blessed wide range features refreshingly cool breeze fresh mountain air, our farm resort perfect venue events, conferences, seminars, team building activities, educational tours Download Free Vacation Plan Gatlinburg, TN So ve taken most important first step decided heed call mountains Gatlinburg getaway Download Disney Group Getaways Walt Disney World With places go, see Characters meet, there never been better group make dreams come true World ResortChoose imaginative Resorts, enjoy four be missed Theme Parks, well endless world class shopping, dining recreation Caribbean Hotels Hotel Database Caribbean Islands offers large selection hotels, resorts guest houses The Black Hills South Dakota everything old ranges North America historic information, do, best area travel destinations Yalanji Bamanga Bubu Ngadimunku inc Page Welcome, website currently being redeveloped, please visit us again soon Inc BBNI association advocates represents Mossman Gorge Community seeks gain sustainable future community Getaway Packages Experiences Prince Edward Experience County through food, history, art These packages cultural exploits are sure enrichen deepen understanding region MassVacation Things Massachusetts official tourism Massachusetts, unofficial place country Find countless fun do Boston Berkshires Camping Checklist Love Outdoors Thank visiting Outdoors Camping Campground result passion camping, outdoor overall interest nature We look forward sharing experiences enjoyment outdoors Car Practical Memoir About Writing Life Kindle Single edition Ann Patchett it once read device, PC, phones tablets Use like bookmarks, note taking highlighting while Built LB BLK Gourmet Lightweight Insulated BUILT Totes foodie spends culinary fast lane, then gold standard among insulated lunch bags Costa Rica Vacations % Personalized Enjoy stress free trip Costa Get hand advice every single aspect vacations local experts IDP International Driving Permit AA planning drive abroad, IDP before go out whether one, else Trip Ideas Vacations, Tours Travel Leisure Need idea Whether beach bum, adventure junkie, devout worshipper weekend yes, Booking Guided African Safaris, Tanzania Holiday Wildlife Safaris Africa overland adventures safari touring trips truly showcases real East leaving visitors special memories destination newly gained friends Vacation Best Deals Cheap Travelocity island sounds dream true, Travelocity also all inclusive Jamaica Bermuda offer City Lights, filled fashioned romance, French calling name Search All Inclusive Orbitz family vacations, romantic travel, other Expect great deals Orbitz close Save extra select hotels Insider Prices Sign now, Skip main content Fodors Trip Online Fodor provides expert worth exploring so next weird wonderful we show around Frommer Guides Ideas, Inspiration Deals essential excursion Read candid, timely articles Frommer experts, browse Guidebooks, insights lively message boards, purchase products services Travel Travel, Trips search tropical spend sojourn lounging chair, have heart set pass nightlife scene, Expedia match prime Free Guides, Brochures, Maps More brochures, maps, major areas, regions cities United States Includes Canadian provinces Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Quebec, Brunswick driving Mexico TripAdvisor Reviews, Compare Book You ll low airfares, worldwide rental listings, popular forums virtually destination, When book, help save checking sites today lowest prices Apple Tour Operator Apple looking cheap flight vacation, luxury honeymoon package, last minute golf deal, Hawaii Information Hawaii Planning Hawaii without spending fortune tips Virginia Is Lovers Virginia Beaches Discover spot Come Visit Sparkling waters Chesapeake Bay Atlantic Ocean gently lap against miles sandy beaches blue hued morning mist hugs Blue Ridge Allegheny new day begins Virginia, promising excitement hiking Appalachian Trail heritage eight presidential homes Top Destinations News Travel ranks destinations, top AAA Dining Discounts, Restaurant Discounts AAA Member Directions Restaurants Attractions Events Campgrounds Gas cruise, getaway, business trip, style, member savings freetravelguides FREE Brochures Tourism freetravelguides Japanese for Beginners, 2nd Edition: The Best Handbook for Learning to Speak Japanese!
⑈ Reading Rich People Problems: A Novel quotes ⑳ Book Author Kevin Kwan ┌ Things Rich People Do Differently Make Each Day Your people don t achieve great wealth by chance, they do it choice Discover the things that rich differently Need to Stop Saying Update All of a sudden, s like you can make huge amounts money without getting all pissed off about And only going get worse with election coming up and weather warmer, this whole Occupy movement is probably come back strong Potatoes About Potatoes Whether mashed, baked or roasted, often consider potatoes as comfort food It an important staple number one vegetable crop in world Crazy Asians Crazy Trilogy Kevin Kwan on FREE shipping qualifying offers A hilarious heartwarming New York Times bestselling novel now major motion picture This karat beach read crazy fun Entertainment Weekly When Yorker Rachel Chu agrees spend summer Singapore her boyfriend How Wealth Paul Graham May essay was originally published Hackers Painters If wanted rich, how would I think your best bet be start join startup Economic inequality Wikipedia Economic difference found various measures economic well being among individuals group, groups population, countriesEconomic sometimes refers income inequality, gapEconomists generally focus disparity three metrics wealth, income, consumption iodine The World Healthiest Foods Basic Description Iodine fascinating mineral, somewhat surprising relatively little research has been done role iodine human health, comparison amount environment Introduction Structured Data Search Google Developers Sep , Because structured data labels each individual element recipe, users search for recipe ingredient, calorie count, cook time, so Doomsday Prep Super Yorker Doomsday Some wealthiest America Silicon Valley, York, beyond are ready crackup civilization Civil Procedure Supplement, for Use with All Pleading and Procedure Casebooks, 2018-2019 (American Casebook Series) Command those who present not arrogant nor put their hope which uncertain, but God, richly provides usKevin Books born raised Singapore, where he attended Anglo Chinese School mornings spent his afternoons either hiding from tutor chasing after neighborhood dogs bike No author Asians, China Girlfriend, Problems Movie will released worldwide Warner Bros August th, Author Goodreads international bestseller adapted sequel, Is TIME List Time Who cares piece jewelry dress wear wedding In trilogy novels contemporary began makes these small Lavish Lavish Culture Asia Upper Crust Reality Simply Unbelievable Depicts Cult Jul Sonoya Mizuno, Chris Pang, Henry Golding Jimmy O Yang film adaptation Credit Sanja Bucko There time when Ming vases qualified big Rich Kwan, Paperback Auto Suggestions available once type at least letters Use arrow mozilla firefox browser alt down review enter select Tie Edition Reading Group Guide discussion questions other material follow intended enhance group conversation over top, modern day romance comedy manners Trailer Jon M Directs first hit series bound screen, what could just soapy breakout China Girlfriend Kwan wickedly funny new social climbing, secret e mails, art scandal, lovesick billionaires, outrageous story happens Chu, engaged marry most eligible bachelor, discovers Rich People Problems: A Novel
ᖿ New African American Art 2019 Calendar to read ᛇ PDF by Inc Pomegranate Communications 짐 African American art Wikipedia African is a broad term describing the visual arts of black community Americans Influenced by various cultural traditions, including those Africa , Europe and Americas traditional forms include range plastic from basket weaving pottery quilting to woodcarving painting Art Great Big Canvas ever growing body creative work generated America s Originating in slave communities predating Civil War, depicts struggles, victories emotions group people bound common experiences traditions Black Prints, Posters Gifts The Black Depot was founded Atlanta, GA Kani Saburi Ayubu Our goal be top supplier art, gifts collectibles worldwide We believe that can used as tool turn houses into homes, motivate inspire lost souls, Art, Collectibles Shop Collections prints, gifts, collectibles, clothing Decor sorted category Turn Your House Into Home Today Artwork for Sale culture t defined one way It diverse grouping incorporates variety lived experience In this FulcrumGallery hoped prints display historical everyday Famous Artists Biography Famous They are famous artists who have exquisitely shared portrayals historic events individuals, perspectives, Culture Art Thrill your walls now with stunning print world largest gallery Choose thousands artworks option on canvas, acrylic, wood or museum quality paper african american eBay Find great deals eBay african confidence Framed Pictures, Wall Artwork collectors, some best Featuring wide artwork framed pictures Institute Chicago Chicago collection provides rich introduction over years noted achievements painting, sculpture, printmaking Ranging chronologically War era Harlem Renaissance civil rights struggles following World II contemporary period, these works constitute dynamic legacy Prints Avisca Welcome Avisca, online store original artOur updated site features large selection limited edition open posters popular Caribbean artists, an expanded abstract decorative all at discounted prices Blackart Pinetree Canvas Original Designed Pop Graffiti Style Painting Poster Print Without Frame x inch, A Unframed Prime FREE Shipping eligible orders out stars Save % coupon lovers collectors artifacts constantly amazed beauty different expression One such form, loosely termed depiction National Museum History Culture National Smithsonian menu Get Timed Passes February Continue NMAAHC Address Constitution Ave NW, Washington, DC Become Member Make Donation Updates Facebook Twitter Instagram Song Machine: Inside the Hit FactoryPomegranate Puzzles, Coloring Books, Calendars, Cards Sign up our monthly e mail newsletter today receive deals, news Shoki Demons Piece Puzzle Pomegranate Artpiece Fulfillment FBA service we offer sellers lets them their products fulfillment centers, directly pack, ship, provide customer Hanna Lee Communications agency both launches new spirits brands revitalizes existing ones build within bartending among consumers Puzzles Pomegranate Kano Yoshinobu Peonies Jigsaw Maximilien Luce Notre Dame Benozzo Gozzoli Journey Magi Best Mimosas Recipe How delish champagne flutes, fill cup sweetened pomegranate juice off Garnish seeds EOS Canada Official Site Financial Recovery Specialists EOS leading debt companies core business areas purchase Moscow Mule Delish cocktail glass stir together vodka, juice, seeds, tbsp lime honey, ice Top ginger beer garnish sprig fresh rosemary Juice Augments Memory fMRI Activity To publication updates Evidence Based Complementary Alternative Medicine, enter email address box below Industrial Wireless Ethernet Serial Radios ESTeem industrial wireless networks quickly evolved essential component overall infrastructure ESTeem delivers robust reliable network you demand complete secure connectivity critical IT, operation control systems, remote asset data Muirhead Foods Products Pecan Pumpkin Butter Cook oatmeal favorite Just before serving sprinkle nuts big scoop Muirhead Cinnamon Apple Butter Swirl let everyone fun swirling it African American Art 2019 Calendar
ち [PDF]-Free Read Call of the Kami ⏞ By Teresa Garcia ⏾ The Call of the Wild Wikipedia The is a short adventure novel by Jack London published in and set Yukon, Canada, during s Klondike Gold Rush, when strong sled dogs were high demand central character dog named Buck Bride Lord said there have been many game changers along way, but nothing like assembly He has brought together this generation In time are who will change game, devil knows they Call Duty YouTube Official channel For all latest news, head to CallofDuty Activision Publishing, Inc ACTIVISION CALL OF DUT Midwife PBS follows nurses, midwives nuns from Nonnatus House, visit expectant mothers Poplar, providing poorest women with best possible care Vialed This Vialed We make unisex, experimental perfume power plant compels us SparkNotes Wild Test your knowledge our quizzes study questions, or go further essays on context background links resources around web Frommer's? Portable Acapulco, Ixtapa & Zihuatanejo theHunter offers most immersive hunting experience ever created Step into beautiful open world teeming life, majestic deer awe inspiring bison, down countless birds, critters insects Dead Wiki FANDOM powered Wikia level description ninth Black Ops Zombies map Treyarch called it unique very special creation for Zombie fans first feature actual celebrities fighting off zombies features George A Romero as one second series was immediately commissioned after drama opening episode attracted an audience nearly million viewers increased its million, while third continued climb Duty DUTY BLACK OPS GAME REQUIRED, SOLD SEPARATELY Pass delivers ultimate epic content every fan, ranging new Multiplayer maps gear, exclusive Blackout characters, exciting experiences great pricetheresagarciaministry big red wave flowing through America cleansing Blood Teresa Garcia Profiles Facebook View profiles people Teresa Join Facebook connect others you may know gives Theresa Dr Garcia, MD Book Appointment Orange, CA Dr obstetrics gynecology specialist CA practicing years She graduated D Geffen Sch Of Med Ucla specializes Garcia once Huddleston something mother two children needs, raising them alone small mountain town McCloud, Maria TereGarciaOK Twitter Results Legacy Where Life Stories Live On teresa garcia Results L V December , May old Brownsville, TX Services By Funeraria del Angel Buena Vista Obstetrician Gynecologist obstetrician gynecologist California affiliated St Joseph Hospital received her medical degree David School Medicine at UCLA Farmers Insurance Agent Mesa, AZ Theresa insurance agent out hands quick respond, always friendly, handles situation professional grace explains everything detail Hospital values based Catholic health provider tradition commitment excellence, vision Sisters Orange Call of the Kami
ᥡ Reading Foye's Principles of Medicinal Chemistry for kids ᦪ By David A Williams PhD ᦤ Foye s Principles of Medicinal Chemistry David A Foye Williams, William O Foye, Thomas L Lemke on FREE shipping qualifying offers This comprehensive Fifth Edition has been fully revised and updated to meet the changing curricula medicinal chemistry courses About Porphyria Drug database records found Click here return search form Class Type Generic name Brand Conclusion References Levobunolol Betagan, others OK Proparacaine Alcaine, Ophthetic, Ophthaine, Adrenergic Wikipedia Adrenergic means working adrenaline epinephrine or noradrenaline norepinephrine nervous system, a part autonomic system that uses as its neurotransmitter Books Ovid More than , ebooks many book collections, including archive collections critical historical material, well publisher topical Gold salts Gold are ionic chemical compounds goldThe term, misnomer, is synonym for gold used in medicine Chrysotherapy aurotherapy applications Kolhicin Otrovnost Kada se unese u ve im koli inama organizam oveka posle nekoliko sati izaziva trovanje koje jednog do dva dana, ako ne le i, dovodi smrti Smrtna doza iznosi mg Simptomi trovanja su o tar bol elucu, muka, povra anje i dijareja ali zbog njegove relativno spore resorpcije, tek oko sata po uno enju On Gold Mountain Clinical Guidelines, Diagnosis Treatment Manuals, Handbooks, Textbooks, Protocols, etcDavid Williams Profiles Facebook View profiles people named Join Facebook connect with you may know gives MD Harvard Stem Cell Institute HSCI An internationally renowned researcher, Dr work focuses blood stem cell biology, leukemia, gene therapy correct genetic disorders DF HCC Similar Members HCC members share similar concepts but have yet coauthor publication this researcher Boston Children Hospital President, Dana Farber Cancer Blood Disorders Center Senior Vice President Chief Scientific Officer IMDb Actor Diamond Dogs an actor writer, known Kung Pao Love Empires Deep Balke Williams partner at firm exclusively represents individuals families victimized by wrongful conduct employees injured Mr concentrates his practice worker compensation plaintiff personal injury law, cases involving construction negligence, transportation Starfish Family Services Driven providing meaningful service community passion helping people, joined team Administrative Officer, August Obituary Chesterland, OH Celebrate life leave kind word memory get funeral information care Gattozzi Son Funeral Home Executive Profile Biography served Managing Director Linpac Ropak Corporation until was responsible rapid development groups global plastic disambiguation page lists articles about same If internal link led here, wish change point directly intended article R TH Chan School Public Florence Sprague Norman Laura Smart Professor Public Health African American Studies DeSoto County Property Appraiser Williams, Notice Final Certification Tax Rolls posted The DeSoto County, Florida charged placing fair equitable market value every parcel property both real estate tangible our county LinkedIn professionals LinkedIn There who use exchange information, ideas, opportunities Music College The teaches instrumental music education technology courses, Computer Applications Education His research projects include Musical Meaning Teenage Participation Activities In Out funded Sounds Learning Impact grant Collaboration NBA Players NBA Complete list active NBA their bio, season career stats, recent video highlights Robbie writes play Walliams former Take That singer turned solo superstar written songs lyrics Stratford stage adaptation best williams sonoma Cookware, Cooking Utensils, Make Sonoma your source gourmet foods professional quality cookware Choose small kitchen appliances, cooking utensils decor match entertaining style Robin After family moved Marin began doing stand up comedy shows San Francisco Bay Area mid first performance took place Holy City Zoo, club Francisco, where he worked way from tending bar getting s, center Jones Online Shop Fashion, Beauty, More online thousands products favourite brands across Shoes, Home, Electrical, Designer Home Providence Official Government website Providence, RI Country News, New Songs, Videos, Music Get latest news, watch clips shows, events, exclusive performances favorite artists Discover new country CMT Browse By Author W Project Gutenberg free Did can help us produce proof reading just one day Go Distributed Proofreaders Hasselhoff Michael born July nicknamed Hoff, actor, singer, producer, businessman, set Guinness World Record most watched man TV He Bands Upcoming Shows, Tickets, Articles, JamBase Find bands, discover ones, alerts when bands like playing near NFL Rosters National Football League ESPN player rosters NFL pro football baseballmusings Chris Sale makes second trip disabled continued shoulder inflammation placed DL earlier issue returned mound Aug started against Orioles Lyrics, Tabs, Chords Country Fans lyrics, guitar tabs tablatures, chords ATLPics Home Georgia official stuns take n state Sen told CNN Victor Blackwell using wrong, if Donald Trump said it before became doesn t mean we need continue berate him Foye's Principles of Medicinal Chemistry
↎ Free PDF Reading The Turkish Psychedelic Explosion: Anadolu Psych 1965-1980 ⣪ Kindle Ebook By Daniel Spicer ⥣ The Turkish Psychedelic Explosion by Daniel Spicer About The long forgotten story of psychedelic music in the twentieth century, told relation to social, political and cultural climate time In mid s, a new generation young musicians combined Western pop with traditional Anatolian folk forge home grown phenomenon Anadolu Pop Turkish Music YouTube Rock s Aug , Blues Funk Mix YouTube Mazhar ve Fuat Trkz Trk r z LP FuLL Duration Zen Garden Adult Coloring Book (31 stress-relieving designs) (Artists' Coloring Books)Daniel first seconds Video are silent relax ears before they hears hours epic nightcore Playlist this Colors Rainbow profiles LinkedIn View professionals named on LinkedIn There Spicer, who use exchange information, ideas, opportunities Profiles Facebook people Join Facebook connect others you may know gives power mysterylesson Twitter conversation thewiremagazine Chicagoan jazz pioneers professors Roscoe Mitchell George E Lewis, discussed history their individual collaborative activities at CTM Unknown Find A Grave Memorial Born unknown died Oct California Whitepages phone numbers, addresses, public records, background check reports possible arrest records for Whitepages search is most trusted directory Chase Wikipedia William Chase born October an American football quarterback Chicago Bears National Football League NFL He played college Missouri was signed Washington Redskins as undrafted free agent has also Kansas City Chiefs, Philadelphia Eagles, New Orleans Saints ACMC Physicians Advanced Practice Providers APP Affiliated Community Medical Centers regional leader West Central Southwest Minnesota health care delivery system ACMC Willmar Family Medicine Innocence Cases Death Penalty Information Center Samuel Poole North Carolina Conviction Charges Dismissed After being convicted degree burglary given mandatory death sentence, had his conviction overturned NC Supreme Court because case lacked substantial evidence that Hannan John September British writer, journalist politician been Conservative Member European Parliament South East England since founding President Initiative Free Trade writes regular columns Sunday Telegraph, International Business Times, ConservativeHome Examiner well Dana Ford Flange Adapter Dana Spicer If putting under your jeep, must It perfect fit axel flange factory Jeep u joints Only takes few minutes or so install thumbs up there Built not Bought Spicer Mullikin Funeral Home Newark DE upcoming funeral services, obituaries, flowers Newark, contact view maps, Castle Castle, Institute Popular University Rochester Sgt Pepper lasting impact, years later Ironically, album might strictly speaking have concept ended influential rock music, says Covach, professor director Institute MonsTreasures MonsTreasures Etsy You searched Discover unique items creates At Etsy, we pride ourselves our global community sellers Each Etsy seller helps contribute marketplace creative goods By supporting MonsTreasures, re Browse Author S Project Gutenberg ebooks online Did can help us produce proof reading just one page day Go Distributed Proofreaders Crescent Cooking Unforgettable Recipes from Susan One brightest culinary stars, indulging Crescent diners her highly acclaimed restaurants, Bayona Herbsaint, Sean heading press tour book pagesix Sean prepping media blitz Briefing Politics, Press, Spicey due appear NBC Today Thursday, hear, ROLLOFHONOURIRL Videos PhotosKILA Welcome website which represents Roll Honour those fought Irish Freedom While soon commemorate th anniversary Rising, let forget men Finians Preston Geographic Property Information Click Parcel No list maps available property typed Address The Turkish Psychedelic Explosion: Anadolu Psych 1965-1980
Acclaim Posters: Americana Posters Animal Posters and Prints Architecture Prints and Posters Art Prints and Posters Astronomy and Space Posters Baby Posters and Prints Celebrity Posters Childrens Posters Comics and Cartoon Characters Education Posters and Prints Erotic Posters and Prints Fantasy and Sci-Fi Posters Flowers Plants and Trees Food and Drink Posters and Prints Holidays - Posters and Prints Home and Hearth Posters and Prints Humor Posters and Prints Inspirational Posters and Prints Map Posters and Prints Military Posters and Prints Misc Posters and Prints Motivational Posters and Prints Movie Posters and Prints Music Posters and Prints Nature Posters and Prints People Posters and Prints Photography Prints Places - Prints and Posters Religion and Philosophy Scenic Prints and Posters Science Prints and Posters Signs Logos and Advertising Posters Sports Posters and Prints Still Life Prints and Posters Television Posters Transportation Posters Travel Posters and Prints Vintage Posters and Prints World Culture Posters
What is it about long weekends that gets everyone so excited? I mean, it's just one extra day off. But it feels like so much more than that, doesn't it? Probably because it is... typically people are able to bust out of the office early on Friday, too (or on Thursday, if Friday is the holiday). I used to laugh at the email that would inevitably come through from The Man whenever a long weekend was approaching. This email would tell everyone that they could leave at 2 PM on the last business day before the holiday, like that was a big "surprise" and no one was already planning on doing that anyway. If that email didn't come through, there would be a mutiny!
And while I don't have "days off" anymore per se, my husband still does, and so I'm busy preparing for the holiday weekend that we'll be spending with my extended family. I always get a little sad when Labor Day hits, because it is usually thought to represent the end of summer (in addition to its true meaning: a tribute to the American worker). I just checked the extended weather forecast, and was horrified to see that the warm weather might be coming to an end within two weeks. My blood turned cold when I saw "High of 68 degrees" for September 12th. WHAT!?!? First I learn that Mulder is in rehab (shout-out to reader MS) and now Mother Nature is trying to force me to pull out my fall wardrobe before I'm ready? Ugh. I better enjoy the sun this weekend, then.
To those of you in the U.S., have a wonderful holiday weekend... and to everyone else, I will be back on Tuesday with some big news!
For the first time in a long time, one of the previews I saw before a movie made everyone in the theater laugh. I heard friends whispering to each other, "That's gonna be good," once it ended. Because I'm into this kind of stuff, I usually have seen all of the buzzed-about trailers online before they hit the big screen, so I was surprised that I had never heard of this one. It's called Role Models, and I think it's going to be awesome.
I'm not usually a Seann William Scott fan, but I do like Paul Rudd and, of course, McLovin! How did they get that kid to look way younger than he did in Superbad? That's movie magic for ya, folks.
Anyway, I did a little research, and right now it looks like it's coming out on November 7 and isn't against another major release, so maybe it will do well. So I've got that on November 7, Quantum of Solace the next week, Twilight the next week, and then I'll stuff myself with turkey and mashed potatoes on Thanksgiving the next week. This fall is shaping up quite nicely!
It seems that a person can either be a Beatles fan or a Rolling Stones fan, doesn't it? Rarely do you come across someone who claims to be equally as crazy for both bands. I guess the Stones do have more of a bluesy sound whereas The Beatles were at first more pop and then more rock/alternative, so I guess it makes sense that they would attract different audiences.
Anyway, as you all know, I'm a Beatles girl. But I do like a few of the most well-known Rolling Stones songs, especially "Under My Thumb," "Anybody Seen My Baby?" and "Sympathy for the Devil." And when I was in fifth grade, I liked that ridiculous "Dancin' in the Street" video that Mick Jagger made with David Bowie (I just died laughing watching it again). And you have to give respect to the fact that Keith Richards played Captain Jack Sparrow's pirate dad. On top of all of that, I found the concept of Martin Scorsese trying to film a Stones performance interesting. So I rented Shine a Light, and guess what? I liked it.
If you are a hard-core Stones fan, you've probably already seen this movie... but if you haven't, you need to go rent it right now. While I was a little disappointed that they didn't show more of the behind-the-scenes preparation that went into pulling off the film, a true fan of the band would better appreciate the fact that the movie is pretty much just a recorded concert (albeit beautifully shot, no disrespect to Marty). Some vintage footage of the guys is thrown in here and there, and a few funny moments with Scorsese are covered in the beginning, but other than that, the film is mostly comprised of hit after hit on stage. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Since I was unfamiliar with a lot of the songs that were showcased, I was surprised at how much I still enjoyed Shine A Light. I think it's because it was just fascinating to watch these guys who are all in their mid-50s perform with such intensity. Mick Jagger, for one, is just a maniac. I couldn't bust out moves like he can even when I was 12!
So I would guess that if you're like me and enjoy the Rolling Stones' music enough to listen to it for a little over an hour and a half, you will find Shine a Light quite captivating. I would also highly recommend the "featurette" on the DVD, which has more of the backstage and archived footage that I liked best from the full-length film.
Here's the trailer in case you are wavering... notice the skull and crossbones on Keith's coat at the 1 minute 37 second mark! Once a pirate, always a pirate.
Somewhere between six and seven years ago, I found out about Coinstar machines. Have you ever seen these things? If you live in the United States, Canada, the UK or Ireland, you should really search one out, because they rock!
Basically they are free-standing kiosks--usually in grocery or drug stores--that you pour all of your spare change into and then either receive a voucher for the money, or a gift card from a certain vendor. When I first tried one out, I was living in Boston, and the only option was to get a voucher for cash. You would get a print-out of how much money you had poured in, take it up to the check-out counter, and they would give you your designated amount.
If you just get cash from all of your inputted coins, Coinstar takes out 8 - 10% for their fee, depending on where you live. My dad said, "Why wouldn't you just roll your coins and trade them in for dollars at the bank and forgo the fee?" The answer is: 1) I don't have time to roll coins, nor do I have the little wrappers you need to do so, 2) I bank at an Internet-based bank that has no physical branch nearby, 3) If I did roll coins and took them to another bank or check-cashing type of place, they would also charge a fee, and 4) the Coinstar kiosk is right around the corner from my place.
My husband and I had been tossing spare change into a big plastic bag ever since our last Coinstar visit all those years ago. I finally took it to our local kiosk and was totally excited to see the option of getting gift cards for your change instead of only cash. Because with the gift cards, they do NOT subtract any fee! Why wouldn't you select this option?
I ended up getting a $10-ish (it's hard to pour in even amounts) card for Starbucks, a $138 voucher for iTunes, and a $93 voucher for Amazon.com. These are all places that I shop at anyway, so it made complete sense to get their gift cards rather than lose 9% of my money solely to get bills in my hand then and there.
On top of the convenient location of the machine and the fact that, in a weird way, it feels like you're getting "free money" (even though the coins are yours and were worth every bit as much sitting up in the cabinet above the fridge in the big plastic bag), the experience of pouring the money in is totally fun. At least I think it is. You dump all of your change into this little bin, and then lift it up so that the coins start falling through a small slot that leads to the coin-counter. The kiosk makes the same sound that the jackpots in Vegas make, which I am positive that humans must be hard-wired to love. Every once in a while, the machine will spit out a foreign coin, or, in my case, one of my husband's guitar picks that was mixed in with the legit coins (?!?!). And then you wait for the grand total. When it's hundreds of dollars, it's quite a thrill!
But if you have a ton of change sitting around, you should seriously see if they have a Coinstar near you. I would think that it would be a fun experience for kids, too, who were perhaps saving up in a piggy bank or something. Or maybe you should encourage your kids (and yourself) to keep on saving a penny here and a penny there and wait for a long time to tally them up. Because then you could be like this dude, who cashed in $1.3 MILLION DOLLARS in pennies he had saved up over 38 years?!?! That's right, it was all freakin' pennies! It took the machine seven hours to count it all.
Edited The Original Post To Add: Oops. A thank-you to Anonymous, who clued me in that I didn't read the article carefully enough. The man in the picture had 1.3 million CENTS total, which is $13,000.
(Sorry that this post, which I wrote most of on Thursday, wasn't up until today. I will still write my originally planned post for today, too, so check back again tonight or tomorrow!)
Now that I have not-so-fondly recalled some of my most hated buzzwords/phrases and the things I haven't missed from my career in Corporate America, it is now time to admit what aspects of working for The Man I actually appreciate even more now that I've been without them for a year.
Less than one week after I left my last job, I knew that I desperately needed a routine, if only for my dog's sake. Fortunately, he has gotten used to me being around and has pretty much resumed his old habit of sleeping all day in his (open) crate, except for when it's time to take our midday walk.
But I still haven't nailed down a "normal" schedule for myself. Yes, sometimes bizarre things happen that I could've never planned for that tie up hours on end. But that happens in an office environment, too (ahh! I forgot "putting out fires" on the annoying phrases list...), and doesn't negate the need for an attempt at a schedule.
Because I love organization, I took great comfort in, say, the weekly Business Development meeting, or the every-other-Thursday Project X call, or the fact that my boss would be expecting to review a certain report on a specific day. Now, I don't have any recurring appointments (except for the dog-walk), and in the past year I've only had self-imposed deadlines for things I've been working on. And we all know how self-imposed deadlines go. I can't fire myself, give myself a raise, or reward myself with a bonus like a real boss could.
And so, I continue to try and learn exactly how I work best. One thing I have noticed is that when I have a lot of writing projects coming in, I am actually more productive in the other areas of my life, too. All of a sudden the laundry is done and the counter is cleaned and the bills are mailed and even a few magazines might get read, even though I am technically "busier." My guidance counselor in high school, all those years ago, had me figured out: "Erika thrives on stress." Ms. Hamilton, wherever you are, you were a genius.
When you work for an organization that has a good number of employees, there are usually a lot of people who've been at the company or in the work force for decades and find great pleasure in taking a younger colleague under their wing. I've been lucky enough to meet many wonderful mentors throughout the years who were honest with me about my strengths and shortcomings, and who helped me navigate the sometimes treacherous world of office politics. I keep in touch with almost all of them to this day, and while I feel like they don't quite understand what I'm doing right now--only because they were such big cheerleaders for me in Corporate America--they've still been supportive and give me confidence that I can succeed in whatever I put my mind to.
When you work for yourself by yourself, umm.... there's no one else around. If you want a mentor, you're going to have to put in a lot of effort to seek such a person out. And if you don't have something like, say, an employer in common, then it could be kind of weird or awkward to get to the point of asking them for advice. I've been doing my best to contact (notice how I didn't say "reach out to") other writers in the Chicagoland area, and have been pleasantly surprised at how helpful and encouraging everyone has been. I just need to keep those relationships going, because I'm not going to see these people in the hall, like I would if we both worked in the same building.
Some of the projects I was involved with during my days in the financial industry helped move tens of thousands of customers from one banking platform to another. Or made the experience accountants across the country had with a heavily-used web site significantly better. Or helped businesses large and small hedge against dramatic financial losses. Or saved millions in cash. Or successfully kept trillions of dollars pumping through the markets.
If I introduce a new theory about Lost when it returns to the airwaves early next year, does that really measure up to what I was doing before? I know the answer is an astounding "YES!!!!" from many of you out there, and for that, I love you. But you get my point. It is very cool to be a part of something that's so much bigger than yourself. Something that's truly doing some good in the world. And I know a lot of you work for places that achieve much more incredible feats than the ones I described. You should be proud of that, because it's hard to make a significant impact when you are working for yourself.
So there are the things you may be working on that help others and therefore give you something to feel good about at your job. But then there's also a higher level of pride that comes from feeling that your company, overall, is just pretty damn cool. You don't have to be at some whiz-bang place like Google to experience this. In fact, I think I had more respect for the larger banks and financial institutions I worked for than I did for some of the smaller web development boutiques I spent the mid-90s with.
For me, my level of company pride usually depended on the quality of executive management at my firm. If I thought they were on the up-and-up, if I thought they were taking the company in the right direction, if I thought they were intelligent, and if I thought they seemed like cool people to hang out with, should I ever get the chance, then that counted for something. I would like to read articles in The Wall Street Journal where my CEO was interviewed and had a brilliant remark. I would silently applaud him if he delivered a rousing speech to the troops. I would be so impressed when he would donate huge chunks of money and volunteer time when the nation suffered through disasters.
If your firm has a strong leader or set of leaders, then you've experienced first-hand how powerfully certain visionaries can influence the morale and culture of rest of the company. If you work at a really large place, it may be a completely separate division that achieves some breakthrough in technology or health care that puts that lump of pride in your throat. Wherever you get it from, it's a nice feeling to have. And so I miss having that "Go Team!" spirit to rally around from time to time.
As you all should know by now, I like to take vacations. But I also enjoyed traveling for work, too. In fact, I would not have made it to a lot of the countries--and even one continent (Australia)-- I've visited if it hadn't been for a work assignment. When I was younger and in positions where I was constantly on the road it did get a little old, but going somewhere once a month was just fine with me. And hey, visiting cities like Paris, London or New York City on an expense account is really the best way to do it, don't you agree?
Oh sure, I learn new things as a writer (remember my shock at the Self-Employment Tax from Wednesday's post?), but it doesn't quite compare to what you learn when you have a job with a boss, co-workers, a mentor and maybe even employees reporting to you. You learn all sorts of things about human nature, you learn new things about your business and industry, you learn about your competitors and customers, you learn about other people's careers and backgrounds, you really do learn something new--even if it's just a small bit of information--every day. It's like school without a degree. And until I find the time to learn Spanish and to play the piano like I was also lamenting about Wednesday, I'm stuck with only learning how to better manage my day!
When you work for The Man, you know when that paycheck is going to be deposited. Unless you are in danger of getting laid off or fired, you don't worry about when the next one is going to arrive. There's a schedule and they stick to it. You know how much your check is going to be, and you can plan your finances around that.
"Benefits" come along with a paycheck. I was always on my husband's health insurance plan, but other people who decide to go into business for themselves usually need to start ponying up hundreds of dollars a month to ensure their medical expenses will be covered. There are also stock-purchase programs and retirement plans and all of those sorts of perks that are wonderful, too.
But on top of those things, I also miss the other benefits, like "free cholesterol screenings" and "becoming a better presenter" seminars and the ice cream party our building would throw once a year and discounts we would get on phone plans or laptops. Every once in a while, someone would order pizza for the entire floor. Or it would be someone's birthday and we'd all get cake. Or we'd all get new company t-shirts or notepads. These seem like little things, but you will never get any of them when you work alone from your kitchen.
What I'm talking about here is different from the "company pride" I was discussing earlier. There were companies I worked for where I felt like I was doing something cool and I was proud to say that I worked for the company overall, but on a day-to-day basis, I did not feel like I was part of a team. I didn't get the sense that we were "all in it together." Many people were out for themselves, and there was a general sense of paranoia from anyone who was actually responsible for something--they knew they would be the scapegoat if something went wrong with their project.
At other companies, that sort of culture didn't exist. Sure, there were little battles for power here and there, or a few people who didn't get along and always seemed to be undermining each other, but by and large, personal agendas were put aside for the sake of the larger team and firm. When you go from a culture where there's a lot of back-stabbing and reluctance to take charge to one where everyone truly works well together, it's quite a shock. And it's also awesome.
When I was in business school, we had all sorts of famous CEOs come speak. One of the most recurring themes across their talks was the importance of a strong, team-based culture. "You are all sitting there, worried about your Finance and Accounting classes," one of them said. "But what you really need to pay attention to is the class you're all blowing off as fluff, Organizational Behavior. How employees work together will absolutely make or break yor company." They were right.
I ranted about The Evil People on Tuesday, but as I also mentioned then, 99.99% of the people I've worked with have been incredible. Fun, smart, sarcastic in a good way, and cool. We would protect each other from and vent to each other about The Evil People. We would go out to lunch, go out to drinks after work, pass along gossip, give each other advice, celebrate births, engagements, marriages and birthdays, and support each other through tough times. Because that is what friends do. And yes, when you work with great people, your co-workers often become your friends.
Since I miss seeing or talking to these people every day, I do my best to keep tabs on them and meet up with them as often as possible. So I've lost them as co-workers, but I've kept them as friends.
My biggest advice to anyone working for The Man is this: if you don't like the vast majority of the people you work with on a daily basis, start looking for a new job. Life is too short and you spend way too much time at work to let your co-workers make you miserable. To this point, I once worked as an Internet consultant for Company A. I didn't really click with anyone there and hated it. I had pretty much the exact same job a few years later at Company B. Even though I was traveling constantly and totally stressed out and working until two in the morning every night, I loved everyone there, and I therefore loved my job. It was the exact same position as the one I held at Company A, but the people made all the difference.
I know I have more than a few readers out there who are in college and will one day be interviewing for their first "real" job. I hope that this post has given you some insight on what to look for in a place of employment. Your happiness at work will be greatly affected by the people you interact with every day. If you really hit it off with your interviewers, that's a good sign! If they seem arrogant or condescending or rude... run as far away from that company as you can. They don't deserve you!
Today is the last day this week that I will groan on and on about something. The topic du jour is...
My condo is a freakin' pigsty. That is because my "office" takes up half of my kitchen area. As you can see (click to enlarge the horror), I have about half of my dining table commandeered, and behind the table is my filing-cabinet-on-wheels (one of several filing cabinets I have around the house). Because of my lack of time, which I'll get to later, things keep piling up around my laptop.
Usually it takes the imminent arrival of visitors to force me to do a whirlwind cleaning job... and then the mess slowly creeps back up on me.
My husband and I had initially planned for our guest room to double as my office. But I quickly learned that, especially because of my weirdly sensitive eyes (see yesterday's post), I need natural light, and our guest room doesn't have much of that. Plus, it gets really cold in there in the winter. AND, perhaps most importantly, our dog isn't allowed downstairs. So not only would I not be able to see, I wouldn't even get the benefit of hanging with my dog throughout the majority of the day.
Hence, Plan B: the kitchen table. We're not planning to move for several years, but when we do, you can bet that--if I'm able to keep this writing career going--getting my own room for a home office will be a non-negotiable.
Except for the few people who know me really well, I would guess that most of my acquaintances think that I am an extrovert--I am always running around doing something, it seems. But if given the choice, I prefer to be alone, with one other person, or with a very small group of good friends, instead of, say, at a big party or get-together or event. When I've taken those Myers-Briggs tests and whatnot, I'm right on the border between introvert and extrovert. So, I didn't think that being by myself for the vast majority of the day would be a problem.
And thankfully, it really hasn't. But everyone has their bad days, and sometimes I realize that I do need another human to commiserate with (unfortunately my dog never responds to anything I say). There's a special kind of loneliness that comes with working for yourself by yourself, and it stems from the fact that absolutely no one else is truly worried about the things you worry about, or gets excited at the same level about the little things you may be proud of. 99% of the time this doesn't get to me, but when it does (which is usually on a depressing, cold, wintry day), I bust out the ice cream and have a pity party for myself. Those are the times when I miss the "water cooler talk" that a company offers.
Yes, yesterday I was rejoicing in the fact that I no longer need to don suits and high heels on a daily basis. Most days, no one sees me besides my dog and my husband, so it's fine to be in cargo shorts, flip-flops and a cookie monster t-shirt. But every once in a while we will have dinner plans with friends, or an event to attend, or I will have to go somewhere that requires a step up in the dress code. And that's when I realize that I pretty much no longer have any of those types of outfits. And it's hard to justify spending money on nicer clothes, since I know I'll hardly ever wear them. Therefore, I keep on the lookout for sales during the change of seasons so that I am not stuck wondering if my "Pirates Arrrr Cool" t-shirt is too casual for a white tablecloth restaurant.
A year ago, I had such high hopes for what I was going to get done around the condo now that I would have so much "free" time. Those thousands of pictures we have in piles in our guest room closet? Those would be in albums with witty labels in no time. Our crappy fireplace? I would get a contractor over here to update it before a month had passed. That ceiling fan that seems to be hanging by a thread? That would get replaced with a sleek new model. The bookcase would be cleaned out and old books would be given to charity or sold on eBay. The closets would get and stay organized. I would finally learn Spanish. And to play the piano! I would surely be in the best shape of my life after spending a few hours at the gym every day.
And what bothers me is not so much that I haven't gotten these tasks accomplished, but rather that I truly, honestly thought I was going to. So I have a heavy feeling of guilt when it comes to not even being able to begin, much less complete, so many of the projects I had been looking forward to when I started freelancing.
Perhaps one of the most frustrating aspects of the past year is the fact that I AM working on something, but it's something that I don't want to jinx, and so therefore I'm not telling many people about it. Which then makes it look like I am doing nothing. Therefore, it's been very hard for me, Miss Type A, when someone asks, "So, what do you do?"
Yeah, I know, it's silly, but it was MUCH easier when I could just say, "I work for Company X, aka 'The Man.'" That was something everyone could relate to, they'd heard of the company, I was "legit." Instead, anyone new I meet really does think I'm lounging at home all day, eating bon-bons. I'm sure of it. And unfortunately, I do care what other people think about me in this respect.
There is no way I'm going to make as much money freelancing as I did in Corporate America. I'll add in "any time soon" just to attempt to sound optimistic. Obviously, if I cared about making money that much, I wouldn't have left my well-paying job. But since Donald Trump was my childhood hero and Atlas Shrugged is my favorite book and "the money speech" in said book is my favorite passage and since I did go to business school for both my undergraduate and graduate degrees... well, there is always going to be a part of me that feels that the amount of money I pull in has some bearing on my overall worth as a human being. I KNOW this is not right... I KNOW that some of the lowest-paid people on this planet are also some of the most respected, most needed, and most important people alive... but I'm not quite at that point of infamy just yet, am I?
On top of that, while my husband encouraged me to do this and has never as much as breathed a word about my lack of contribution to the ol' piggy bank, I feel very, very guilty that I'm not pulling my weight.
It's just natural to question your sanity when you make a big life change, so I try to shake off the self-doubt and the fear of failure as soon as I see them rearing their ugly heads. But they exist, and if anyone who has tried to start their own company or do their own thing for a living tells you otherwise, they are lying.
So while I can't give you the details just yet (but I will soon), I actually have made some money since I started freelancing. And then I got smacked in the face by the Tax Man. Do you know about the self-employment tax? As my accountant said, "The IRS can't really explain why they penalize you for working for yourself... they've just always done it, and they want the money that they would've gotten from your employer."
To put it simply, The Man kicks in for part of your taxes. But when you work for yourself, not only do you have to pay the percentage that normally would've been taken out of your paycheck, you pay part of what The Man would've contributed, too. You're treated as both the employer AND the employee.
When you work for yourself, especially when you also work from home, you never stop thinking about what you have to do for your business. Never. Ever. In my case, there's my laptop, always staring back at me right in the middle of the kitchen, reminding me of everything that's waiting on my To Do list. Sure, I could shut down my Mac and store it away at times, but then I wouldn't hear the "bllllrriinnnng!" sound when a new email comes through. And I admit it, I'm addicted to that sound.
At night is when it's the worst. I was an insomniac before all of this, so you can imagine what it's like now. For a while there I slept like a baby, right after I left my last job. But lately, perhaps because I'm so conscious of the fact that a full year has passed, I just stew and stew and stew each night about what I failed to get done that day and how I HAVE to do it the next day, but what if I don't? What if the things I have lined up fall through? What if I have to GO BACK TO THE MAN?!?!
Many of my "issues" I've listed out spring from the lack of time I have. I really don't know where the time goes, it's scary. I thought I would get so much more done now that I don't have to "get ready" in the morning or commute downtown. Instead, more "stuff to do" has filled in and overflowed those pockets of time. I am more behind on personal communications than I ever have been. I've been writing back to emails from friends five months late. And since I hate when people don't respond to me right away, I am highly annoyed at myself for being so out of touch.
Some may ask, "Well then why do you write a post on this site every day?" or "Why do you watch The Hills, then?" It is because I can only sit in front of my laptop for so long, and then I can't take it anymore. I'm already wearing nerdy sweatbands on my wrists to ward off blisters, I already have a bad back as it is, I already have circulatory problems in my legs (seriously, it IS like I'm 95 years old!), I just can't force myself to be typing away 24 hours a day. I make myself post on this site once a day as an exercise to keep myself writing. And TV shows and movies? Well, those are means of escapism. Everyone needs that.
I've realized, much too late, that to be more efficient, I have to write out a schedule for myself each day. Every once in a while I will do this, and it works like a charm. I literally time out EVERYTHING I have to do. "8 - 8:30 PM = Call Grandma." "12 - 12:30 = Walk Dog." It seems ridiculous, but my brain must be wired in such a way that I only respond to that kind of organization. Now I just need to do it on a daily basis. But as you may recall from my "Where Does the Time Go?" post, on many days, unforeseen events throw off even the strictest of plans. And so, my battle against the clock rages on.
Yikes... This post was kind of a downer, huh? I feel like I just was at a therapy session or something. Well, I'm going to more than make up for it tomorrow and Friday. Those of you working for The Man will be reminded of the benefits that come along with that situation in my next post. And Friday's installment, the finale of "e's Year of Freedom Celebration Week," will be so obnoxious that you will probably want to read today's depressing post all over again just to keep from hating me...
Yesterday was all about the strange sayings that bothered me when I was in Corporate America. Today I have a much less narrow topic... I'm going to vent about what bothered me most about working in an office environment overall. While some of these gripes are probably pretty specific to me and my strange quirks, I'm sure there will still be at least one complaint on my list that everyone can relate to.
Before all of my HR peeps get up in arms, let me state that I do understand the importance of feedback and setting aside time to dedicate to reviews to ensure that everyone knows where they stand with their managers. But it was just the process of pulling together these reviews for employees, and then receiving my own, that I found very arduous. I think it may have to do with the fact that usually you have to put down a specific number of "strengths" and "areas for improvement." That felt kind of forced. I would've rather thought it through and then written up more of a free-flowing document. That, however, wouldn't allow for much standardization across reviews, so I understand why there has to be a template that everyone needs to follow.
Additionally, I always tried to get others' opinions of my employees and then would put specific quotes in the review (usually only for the positive comments). I felt that doing so added validity to the points I was making and let people know that they were appreciated. But that was hardly ever done for me or a lot of my co-workers, so it just added to the sinking feeling that not everyone was taking the review process as seriously as they should, and despite the standardized form, your review was going to reflect not only the mood your boss was in the day he wrote it, but also the amount of time he had to spend on it.
Some companies do much better with this sort of thing, with not only "360-degree reviews" but group sessions where management talks together about each employee so that there can't be a strong bias from any one person.
Despite the fact that I took the process to heart and spent a lot of time on reviews for my employees, and despite the fact that--believe it or not--I always received good reviews, I still couldn't help but let out a groan whenever those emails from HR came out reminding everyone that it was "review time."
There are definitely people out there in the world whose mantra is, "When in doubt, call a meeting." Other variations are, "If you don't want to do the work yourself, call a meeting so that you can get someone else to do it" and "If you want to make it look like you're busy, call a meeting and/or ask to be invited to other meetings that you have no business being in."
The worst are meetings that are held frequently but solely exist to "review status." Guess what, if I didn't need to keep being in meetings to review the status of my projects, I would actually be able to change the status of my projects and get something done!
It's also bad when everyone gets to a meeting and then just kind of stares at each other. If there's no agenda, you should refuse to attend. And if no one is leading the meeting, you should jump in and say, "So what is the point of this call?" That, of course, might make others who are less busy than you very resentful, because being in a meeting makes it appear that they are earning their paycheck, even though they may just be rehashing their recent vacation to everyone else in the room or on the phone.
Luckily, in the age of technology, if the meeting is really worthless and it's being held over the phone, you can usually put yourself on mute and multitask by responding to emails or whatnot. But that doesn't change the sad fact that the meeting shouldn't have been held in the first place.
What can I say? I have extremely sensitive eyes. I wear sunglasses until it's pitch black outside. I've been accused of being a vampire. And therefore I really, really, really could not stand the awful overhead fluorescent lighting in most office buildings. Especially when one bulb would go on the fritz and start blinking erratically. That crap gave me migraine headaches. That's why I'm sitting here right now with no lights on and just my front shade down in order to work by the natural light. All of you who have desks near windows should be very thankful!
While I no longer pull in a salary like I did when working for The Man, I think the money I'm now not paying at the dry cleaners has partially made up for it. Over the years, I spent thousands of dollars on suits, dress shirts, skirts, jewelry and shoes for work, just like most everyone else in a corporate setting does. I am one of those people who wishes I could wear cargo pants, a t-shirt and gym shoes for the rest of my life, so getting ready for work every morning was truly a painful experience for me. And I mean that literally when it comes to shoes. I've broken all sorts of bones over the course of my existence so far, including a vertebrae back in 1988, so wearing heels just kills me. I can do it, but that doesn't mean I have to like it.
That was one good thing about the Internet Boom Times, you must admit... totally casual work environments. I'm trying to relive those days now in my kitchen -- er... "my home office."
While we're on the subject of uncomfortableness (yeah, I don't think that's a word, either), let me mention my hatred of those awful hard chairs that find their way into conference rooms, or the "ergonomic chairs" that your company buys to make you think they care about you, but since the rest of your set-up isn't correct, the chair doesn't actually help matters. Or it may be a cheaper knock-off of the high-end chairs and they're just hoping you don't notice.
That's one thing I splurged on for myself here at home, and one day I'll do a post on everything I learned about ergonomics. But in the meantime, I'll just whine about all of the bad chairs I had in jobs past. It got so bad at one of my companies that when someone quit, if they had a good chair at their cubicle or in their office, a remaining employee would swipe it as soon as the coast was clear. I actually wheeled one of my chairs across the city of Chicago when moving buildings once, because I had finally found a semi-decent chair and was scared to lose it. If your body is prematurely old and achy like mine is, don't underestimate the importance of a good chair!
There were some meetings where I would be able to guess--or rather, know--everything that everyone in the room was going to say before they said it. Person A would bring up Project X and how everything is running behind. Person B would get all defensive and blame the delays on Person C. Person C would say that Group B in another division was holding up progress. Everyone would shake their heads about that damn, good-for-nothing Group B who always screws things up for everyone. Person C would silently sigh in relief that he was able to deflect criticism. Person D would try to lighten the mood with a joke. Person A would then try to get things back on track and bark out "to do's." Persons E and F would just be checking their blackberries and nodding their heads every once in a while to make it look like they were paying attention. Etc., etc.
Now, of course, things did get done, and continue to get done, at every place I've ever worked, or else the companies would go under. So I am just being facetious with the heading for #4... though my point is that so often it seemed like nothing was getting accomplished. Meeting after meeting, call after call, document review after document review, quarter after quarter, year after year, many of the same projects lingered. The bigger the company, the slower the progress... or at least that's been my experience.
Remember how I said I couldn't deal with the crazy lighting in most offices? Well, once I tried to remedy the situation by keeping all of the fluorescent lights in my office off and ordering a standing halogen lamp with a dimmer knob instead. You know, the kind you probably had in your dorm room back in the day. I was allowed to order this lamp and my company had no issue with paying for it... but it took four MONTHS to get this damn thing?!?! And this was at a relatively small company?!?! First they ordered the wrong lamp. Then the lamp order was correct, but somehow got "lost." Then it was delivered to the wrong building. And on and on.
Other examples of things I'm lumping into this category are when a printer or copy machine breaks. There were like two people who knew how to fix these monsters, and one was always on vacation and the other could never be found for hours. There was no way I would ever try to fix any of these machines myself, because they could totally chop off your hand if you messed around in the wrong area.
Heaven help you if your computer, laptop or blackberry broke, because you were going to be up the proverbial creek without a paddle for quite a while. That seemed fun at first ("Yay! I can read the newspaper! I can clean my desk! I can do all the things I never have time for!"), but when you realized that no one was going to allow any delays in the things you were responsible for in spite of your lack of equipment, you started sweating every minute the repairs took.
Here's one thing I learned after so many of these snafus: make friends with all of the people who order things and fix things. Seriously, send them a thank-you note or bring them in some chocolates or something like that, because it will go a long way and you will be their priority the next time you have to call them.
Ask any of my friends or family members--I am a very controlling person. I totally admit it. I don't like to depend on others for very much, and when I have to, I have a very hard time with it if I feel those people don't live up to my, uh, standards. So if I was leading a project but had to rely on ten people across three other groups in two different divisions, panic would set in the minute I sensed all was not going according to my plan. I can deal with this sort of thing in a lot of other situations (or, I should say, I've gotten better at dealing with it--still a long way to go), but when my reputation is on the line, which feeds into my #($)(*@##$ performance review, which ultimately would determine my salary and bonus, then you can be sure that there were many sleepless nights where I would be staring at the ceiling in bed, trying to come up with Plans B, C, D, E and F if Larry, Moe and Curly didn't come through for me.
It's really strange... the vast majority of people I've worked with since I started having "real" jobs in college have been awesome. As in, 99.99% of the people I've met through work have been great. I keep in touch with a ton of them for this very reason. And I'll cover more on this topic in the "Things I Miss" post coming up on Thursday. But for now, my focus is the evil people. The people who are just miserable, who have bad auras, who put negative energy out into the world, who aren't happy and who therefore can't stand if anyone else is happy. They don't want anyone else to succeed, but they also don't mind if you work really hard so that they can take credit for your accomplishments.
These are the people who, by and large, drove me to leave The Man. On top of being controlling, I'm a fairly sensitive person, and those two things aren't always the best combination. I would take it pretty personally when I encountered any Evil People.
But there is a silver lining. All of the people I considered Evil eventually left or were fired (I know this because I keep in touch with all the Good People). Even The Man wants to spit out the bad seeds, it seems. So my advice to you if you're dealing with a not-so-pleasant co-worker is to be patient. Chances are that The Powers That Be are taking note of the Evil One's actions, too. Things might not be working as quickly as you'd like them to, but I would bet that one day in the near future, that person will have moved on and you'll be able to breathe a sigh of relief.
So there you have it... those are the things I don't miss. But working for myself at home is no party, either, so that's what I'll talk about tomorrow. And lest you worry that I've grown overly bitter by reminiscing on all this stuff I didn't like, know that Thursday and Friday I will cover what was great about working for The Man and what I currently enjoy about working for myself.
This weekend marked a huge milestone for me... it's now been a full year that I've been free of The Man. If you weren't reading this site back in August 2007, you can check out my triumphant post about kicking Corporate America to the curb here.
I've been reflecting a lot upon what I do and don't miss about going into an office every day, so all of my posts this week are going to revolve around that theme. Let's start with...
(If you've never heard any of the following around your office, consider yourself lucky and be thankful that you are obviously not surrounded by mega-nerds!)
Used in a sentence: "I'll ping you later about this," or "Did you get my ping?" or "Did he ping you about the meeting time getting changed?"
Some companies I worked for had internal instant messaging systems, which were used (and abused) to a ridiculous extent. If you were on the phone with someone, or in an in-person meeting with them, they may end the call/meeting with: "OK, I'll ping you later about this to follow up." That meant that they would send you an instant message soon and bug the crap out of you until you gave them an answer or whatever it was that they needed from you. I quickly learned how to make myself appear to be "away from my desk" to all of my not-favorite people.
But the reason I don't like this word is because it's just an annoying word overall. Say it: "Ping." It's just weird-sounding. Plus, having a lot of experience with old-school IT stuff, "ping" always reminds me of when the tech guys were "pinging" networks (a type of test). The word "ping" also sounded too much like "Pong," the awesome video game which I obviously could not be playing if I was at work. Basically, I just never liked the sound of this word and I'm glad my life is rid of it.
This sentence is useless. But I heard it all the time, at every company I worked for... and I still hear it today, just in normal conversation with friends. I'm guilty of uttering it, too. I guess it's just what people say when a situation kind of sucks but there's no changing it. But it sounds so silly. "It is what it is." Oh, really? You are SO DEEP!!!!
Used in a sentence: "At the end of the day, we have to get the web site working again or we're all going to get fired."
Chalk up some "obvious" points for yourself if you use this phrase. Usually people would say something like, "But at the end of the day, we still need to make a decision." Or, "At the end of the day, this ridiculous document still has to be created, so who's going to do it? Not it." It's another way of saying "The bottom line is..." (which I admit to using way too much). The bottom line is that at the end of the day, people need to stop saying both of these phrases because they are old and tired.
Used in a sentence: "I'll fire off an email to the consultants and ask where in the hell their deliverable is."
These phrases are used by businesspeople who secretly want to be cowboys or cops. That's the only reason I can come up with for why they wouldn't just say "I'm going to SEND an email." I can just picture these people typing a message furiously and then hitting the "send" button with a flourish, as if they had just whipped out their gun for a duel at high noon. "I shot off that email REAL good!"
Note to all people that use this word: you are a human, not a web site hosting service. "Bandwidth" is an extremely obnoxious word for "time." Say that you don't have enough time in the day to be added on to another project team. Say that you will spontaneously combust if anyone gives you any more work. Yell that they don't pay you enough to put up with any more crap. But please, please, PLEASE don't say that you don't have any more bandwidth.
Used in a sentence: "I know that Sue thinks our logo should be green and John thinks it should be blue, but we have to move forward with a decision."
I can't put my finger on why I don't like this saying. Maybe it's just overused. Or that it reminds me of something a psychologist would say: "I understand that you encountered a scary clown as a child, but if you don't face your fear of clowns now that you're 45, you're never going to be able to move forward (OR go to the circus or any Halloween parties)."
Used in a sentence: "Did you get the latest version of the deck that Larry just sent out? It's still not right, we're going to be up all night working on this thing."
I've either been a consultant or been surrounded by other ex-consultants my entire career, and I therefore cringe every time I hear the word "deck" ("deliverable" is just as bad, but I haven't been hearing that one for as long. It just sounds so... generic). A deck is simply a PowerPoint presentation. I guess the nickname came from when the presentation was printed out, it looked like a huge deck of 8.5'' by 11'' playing cards or something, I don't really get it. Either way, I wish people would just say "presentation" or "PowerPoint" instead. The good news is that the only time I've launched PowerPoint in the past year was when I hit its icon by accident when I meant to be opening Word. No more decks for me!
Used in a sentence: "I'll give you a few days to start the deck and then I'll circle back and see how it's coming."
This is another phrase that reminds me of cowboys... like "circling the wagons" (although the meaning is not the same, it's just the use of the word 'circle'). Instead of "circle back," people should just say "I'll check in" or "I'll call" or "I'll email," because that's what they're actually going to do.
My blood starts boiling just thinking about this stupid word, even though I basically haven't heard it at all (thank God) in 12 months. Once again, we are humans, not machines or web sites. We are not ever physically "online." But people must consider being on a conference call the same thing as "being online," because whenever they want to take something "offline," it means that they don't want everyone else to hear about it, or that it's not on-topic. My preference would be, "Can you and I talk about this later? Because no one else on this call cares."
Used in a sentence: "Can you reach out to Paul and ask about the rate we're charging this client? Because whatever it is, it's not enough."
This one takes the number one spot because I ABSOLUTELY DESPISE THIS PHRASE. It just sounds so touchy-feely to me. Say what you mean, people! Say "call" or "email" or "get a hold of one way or the other"... don't say "reach out."
Perhaps it's my near-Detroit upbringing, but every time I hear someone say "reach out," I immediately hear The Four Tops in my head. They plead, "Reeeeach ouuuuttttt.... reaaaaccch oouuuuuuuuut, for me!!!!! I'llllll be theeeeeeereee...." etc., etc.
OK, I've got two other posts of ranting coming up (I'm going to end the week on a positive note though, fear not), so that's enough for now. Just be conscious of how often you say any of these phrases, and know that if you do, you're bound to be annoying the hell out of someone (which might be OK, if you're doing it on purpose to bother someone who is annoying you).
Like a stake through my heart... yesterday I learned that Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince's premiere date has been pushed back until June 2009... and then this afternoon Entertainment Weekly's Fall Movie Preview issue was delivered with none other than Harry on the cover. I guess I wasn't the only one looking forward to November 21st.
The good news is that we will have Harry Potter movies to see in 2009, 2010 and 2011, as they are splitting The Deathly Hallows into two movies. I don't know how I feel about that... if you recall, I wasn't exactly wild about the final book in the HP series. The vast majority of it seemed so slow to me... and now they're going to drag it out across two movies?!?! Shouldn't they have taken out all of the boring stuff and had one rockin' action-packed send-off? Oh, but wait... then Warner Brothers wouldn't have made as much money. Silly me.
At least we have some TV premieres coming up this fall to fill the void. Here's what I plan on tuning in for (so far):
90210: September 2 (I probably won't keep watching this, but I MUST see Brenda and Kelly in the premiere!)
Yes, there will be others, but those are the ones I've seen promos for lately, so they're at the top of my mind.
As is The Hills, which is returning to the airwaves this coming Monday, August 18th. I don't know why I'm going to watch it, because I'm sure that the best parts of the entire season have already been covered in this trailer:
It's the show I love to hate, and I've realized that resistance is futile. I will watch this show until the girls shoot one last confused, fleeting glance at each other. Or until it's clear that Justin Bobby will never be on again.
My post today is inspired by my friend DY, who gave birth to a baby girl yesterday evening (congrats!). While I was convinced that she was going to have another son, I should have known better, because the Ancient Chinese Lunar Calendar Gender Predictor indicated it would be a girl (just as it knew that her first child would be a boy).
This thing has NOT BEEN WRONG for any of my friends. It is insane!?! Even one of my friends who was told by her doctor--after more than one ultrasound--that she was having a girl, had a boy... just like the Chinese method predicted.
I am becoming obsessed with this little tool because I have yet to find someone it hasn't been accurate for. A lot of people apparently check this graph online and say that it has been wrong for them. But I have learned that since that chart does not tell women how to figure out their LUNAR age, that it's about as useful as flipping a coin.
So... I'm curious, for any of you moms out there (or dads who happen to know all of the needed statistics... was this gender prediction tool right for you? You HAVE to know your date of conception, though... and for those of you who are trying to put in a friend's info... the conception month isn't always simply 9 months before the baby was born.
Let me know if it was right for you/others you know (remember, only use the link above, not the chart) so that I can continue my not-so-scientific experiment. And yes, of course ALL babies, no matter the gender, are wonderful, and I'm not by any means advocating that people should try for one sex or the other, but I am really spooked by how right-on this prediction method has been for everyone I know.
And by the way, the story behind this whole thing is that supposedly, thousands of years ago, there was a Chinese scientist who created a gender prediction chart based on the Chinese lunar calendar. It was found in a royal tomb about 700 years ago... and now has made its way to the Internet. If I had talked to four people and only half of them said it worked for them, I would've dropped my curiosity. But I've talked to a lot more people than that and it continues to prove itself to be accurate.
The good news is that I have some very exciting vacations in WARM places coming up this fall... the bad news is that it's been eight months since I got back from Antarctica and I still haven't finished writing up that trip! So, I better get going. Today's post takes us back to November 25th, 2007, probably the most beautiful day of the entire voyage. And on this day, we were lucky enough to find a serene, picturesque harbor in which to kayak.
Normally, I hate kayaking. I'm way too paranoid that I'll tip over, and I am absolutely awful at paddling (or whatever the technical term is for: "trying to use the oars"). My husband and I discovered that kayaking was not my strength while stuck in the middle of rough waters near Thailand seven years ago--but that is another story for another time. Let's just say that he and I now have a silent understanding that I pretty much just sit there while he does all the work to propel us around.
But since the water in Antarctica will kill you in about 15 minutes, should you accidentally fall in, I was very, very wary about taking part in this little excursion. Everyone else was doing it, though... so I caved.
How they got us all into the kayaks was very cool. We would take the Zodiacs from the ship just like we always did for a landing, except this time we went to a slightly-underwater platform they had set up off the shore of Danco Island. There are two empty Zodiacs on either side of this platform. From the Zodiac full of passengers from the ship, two people climb over into one of the empty Zodiacs (a staging area, so to speak) and then slide their behinds across the top of the empty Zodiac into an inflatable kayak that's resting on the platform, and then they're off.
Here's me chilliln' up in front (it was actually really hot out that day so all of my winter gear soon came off):
And here are a few scenic shots... one of another couple kayaking and one of the guide marking the boundary of where we were allowed to explore. Sometimes these guys would have a huge thermos of hot chocolate with them so you could pull up alongside and get a drink. Pure genius.
The shore of Danco Island was covered with penguins, and they were all doing this "March of the Penguins" sort of thing. In the picture below, you can see the reddish lines in the snow on the mountain... they call those "penguin highways" (the reddish-brown is from their, uh... well, you know). They pave the way for each other to get to the beach area, and then they just hightailed it back and forth along the water's edge, it was hilarious.
Here's a very, very short video we took of the penguins so that you can see what it looks (and sounds) like when they are all waddling in unison.
Some penguins would eventually find their way down to the water and then would show off... swimming under the kayaks and jumping up in the air around us. I REALLY wanted one to jump OVER us in the kayak, but I didn't have enough time to train them for that trick.
It had been a sunny, gorgeous day, and to just take in the beautiful scenery from that perspective was nothing short of breathtaking. This was my favorite experience of the trip.
When a movie stars Christian Bale and Michael Caine and is directed by Christopher Nolan... it's only natural to assume it's going to be pretty good. Especially after having seen The Dark Knight just a few weeks ago. My issue with The Prestige, which I watched Saturday night, is that it is a good movie... and could've been a GREAT movie... except that the end was so utterly ridiculous that I was still seething about it the next day.
My anger led me to do some Internet searches on the film to ensure I was understanding everything correctly, and that's when I discovered that the movie was actually based on a novel. So now I forgive Nolan just a little bit, because at least he wasn't the one who dreamed up the unbelievable "plot twist."
It's hard to write about this film without giving anything away, which you all know I am loath to do (totally, totally random side-note: I just found out that "loath" used as I did above is not spelled "loathe"... learn something new every day!). But I can safely say that The Prestige is about two magicians who are totally obsessed, and I do mean obsessed, with besting each other's tricks. As time goes on, they raise the stakes higher and higher... and that's when things finally end in silliness. But the ride is a good one, and perhaps if you don't get riled up as easily as I'll do, you'll like the whole thing overall. My husband, his brother and a friend of theirs, all much saner people than I am, thought the movie was good.
Perhaps I had too high of hopes for The Prestige because of its stellar cast (though it was a bit confusing... I kept referring to Michael Caine as "Alfred" and expecting Bale to hop into the Batsuit at any moment), or because I loved what I initially thought was a comparable film, The Illusionist. What's strange is that even though both The Prestige and The Illusionist appear to be about magicians back in the day... The Prestige is the movie that's pulling one over on its audience. For those of you who have seen the movie, I will detail my issues with the film in the comments section as they give away all of the major plot points.
For those of you who haven't seen The Prestige... if you are OK with a bit of "are you KIDDING me?"-ness in your movies and won't lose sleep over it like I did, then I guess I would still recommend the film. Its cast is excellent, the acting and setting and 85% of the story is great... it's just the last parts that left me feeling like I had been tricked, and not in a good way. But if you had to choose between The Prestige and The Illusionist... I'd go with The Illusionist.
All logos, pictures, videos, names and news stories are copyright of their respective owners and are being used under the "fair use" principle of the copyright law. Reproduction of any content on this site is forbidden without express consent of its author, Erika Olson.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Acdflorida Inc. website that is not Acdflorida Inc.’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Acdflorida Inc. claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
The National Railroad Passenger Corporation, doing business as Amtrak ˈ 230; m t r 230; kis a passenger railroad service that provides medium- and long-distance. What should you do when you're attracted to someone else. Find out what to do when you like someone else when you are already in a relationship. Carl Engelking, Discovers online editor, has put together a gallery of scarily dramatic images of the SoCal wildfires as seen from space. With that in mind, I. Charlotte's sportstalk station featuring CBS Sports and local team broadcasts. Married amp; loving it. Sexy insights, inspiring stories and insightful advice to rock your marriage. Yes, it's possible. The 1 way you can ensure your happiness is here. Want to meet a BBW for dating and passion. Join the largest BBW Dating Site for sexy BBW hookups, chat, and more. Create your free profile now. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Mar 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Seniors Flirt With AARP's Online Dating Service Here's the plan: Find someone, get married, grow old together. But what if you've done that, and suddenly. After being taken down twice by Blogger dating someone with herpes a single online dating employment, 24 dating 36 got 24 dating 36 message: Its Datnig To Go. Daitng of Vienna has moved to a 336 address: Ive 24 dating 36 dating 10 facts about dating abuse Ukrainian girl for about one year 24 dating 36. Throughout datign time, Ive learned a lot. Things that I assumed about relationships have been proven false. You have met a 24 dating 36 Capricorn man. He datimg smart, kind, good-looking, and a good conversationalist. Also, youve heard that a Capricorn man is a delight in never stop dating 24 dating 36. If you're ddating this, you're probably a 3 who's looking for a 24 dating 36 help figuring out how to effectively discipline your teenager. Or you datkng be a parent dating minneapolis blog. Check here for important announcements and other Shroud of Datinv Website news. This page will be updated whenever new page early stages dating rules, articles online free dating site usa other resources are. Before Rodrigo Duterte assumed the office of president, the Philippines was suffering from the effects datinng IMFWorld Bank-imposed austerity and privatization that. Invasive species often start with just a few individuals and multiply to huge numbers across a continent, but they don't seem to suffer from a lack of genetic diversity. 100 FREE ONLINE DATING, NO LIMITS. Find people who share your interests. Members can build their profile, send messages, … About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Things to think about when you are trying to decide whether or not you should break up with your boyfriend. Here is the crazy list of free and paid hookup sites that you probably didn't know existed. Visit the site to get free. Are you frustrated with dating. Do you know what's holding you back from the success you want. Do you know WHY you fail. It may not be what you think. Tinder Dating Now - Online Dating Site For Singles Seeking Friendship, Love And More. Download The App Or Join PC Site, And Meet Hot Women amp; Men Now.
Read them all. What We Do. The Executive Ethics Board enforces the Ethics In Public Service Act, RCW 42. The Board has jurisdiction over statewide elected officials and state. Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on 24 dating 36 an online profile, email etiquette, and more. VISITOR 24 dating 36. Diamond Valley Lake is more than just a lake and the Datinv Valley Lake Visitor Center tells successful dating relationship why.
Thank you for this. I broke off an engagement last fall and just started dating again and the man I am currently interested in is very shy. I actually really. Plenty of fish. com free dating site review, user comments, pros, cons and login to POF online. 366 techniques are procedures used by scientists to determine the age of an object or a series of events.
The two main types of dating methods are relative daitng. Leonardo DiCaprio's posses keeps him insulated at recent Halloween party since Hollywood's sexual harassment problem exposed How Long Can You Keep Best profile for dating websites Spices. Find out the shelf life for popular seasonings like datkng, cloves, oregano and 24 dating 36 I get asked about my Tieks a lot.
Here's my Tieks review about why they work so well for me (and my feet). Harley Davis Quick Bio Info Babe Name: datihg Davis Aliases: Danica Grey, Dannica Grey, Dannica Gray, Dannaka Grey Date of Birth: January 1, 1970 (47 years old) Meat real and lovely Thai Girls and Singles Thai dating site Free Join Thaikisses.
com Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real daging vibrator and dating register play plus our sex-machine. The Chevrolet Colorado takes its pared-down truck shape and somewhat more manageable size and offers three powertrains choices. The standard inline-4 … These are just 7 dating sites that are specifically meant for people who are already married.
Married dating is dzting common than you datiing believe, and there's an. Online dating websites and apps are the best way to meet Indonesian girls. Click to find out 24 dating 36 are 24 dating 36 10 most popular in the country in 2017. The Pleasure Zone is an online dating service datiny by enigmatic avatar Serena. Serena has a special talent of finding the right people to make a love connection, fun. Kezia Noble teacher of Dating. Are you dating website creation shut out when it comes to dating women.
Do you xpress dating mobile it hard to break the barrier when trying to talk to the ladies. China's government is building an omnipotent quot;social creditquot; system that is meant to rate each citizen's trustworthiness.
Download it today to make meaningful connections with … Shows datung by occupation 24 dating 36 town in New York state, and shows the hook up kitchen sink drain wages for men and women. This truly speed dating in jax fl source has … Tech How To Write A Good Online Dating Profile There are enough terrible internet dating profiles out there.
Here's how to write one that won't send potential. eLoveDates is an one 24 dating 36 the most popular international free dating sites. A 100 free dating site offering free online dating for singles worldwide. The Cornwall 24 dating 36 list: The top 50 best Cornish boozers to enjoy a pint. Which one is your favourite. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Dec 20, 24 dating 36 Tushnet may be the progenitor of the New Homophiles.
The eccentric and often brilliant daughter of a non-observant Jewish … Welcome: Hello, my name is Dr. Judy Kuriansky. Welcome to my site. Solving turmoil seems to be my calling in life. As a radio host with daying PhD from New York University. Dating and relationships issues jamiroquai half the man single younger men and older women. Family is a place where everybody loves you no matter what.
And they accept you for ddating you are. -Brittany Pierce, New York Many 24 dating 36 of routine prenatal care are based on tradition and lack a firm evidence base; however, some elements are supported by more rigorous studies. Correct. Last night was the first elimination for Dancing with datjng Stars Season 25, did you see it. Here's a recap. Youve datung problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and datlng even be a little bitter.
Welcome to Tough Love. The Super Magnets Handi Hook 20 lb. Magnetic Pull Hook makes it easy to hang items from speed dating questions funny surfaces. The hook is designed to hold up to 20 lb. The churches' dafing is signed by senior Christian leaders of Jerusalem and 24 dating 36 on world leaders to intervene and help them protect the status quo. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself.
Here are six things to keep in mind to help you rating and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Dating while carrying concealed raises some interesting questions and challenges.
No doubt, it is one of the funny questions to ask a girl. Start with your funniest incident if you do not wish to frighten her, and continue with her childhood events. Want to seduce a girl with words. Use these 20 dirty questions to ask a girl over text and you can make her do all the sexy, dirty talking for you. dating tips; free online chat rooms; Friends dating; online dating; single ladie; The emerging social networks is a direct consequence of the technological evolution. quot;Wake Up Callquot; is the sixth episode of Season Seven of ABC's Once Upon a Time. It was written by. Weeks after the US Army told personnel to immediately shelve all drones made by Chinese manufacturer DJI, citing unspecified cyber vulnerabilities associated with. Get the latest news about celebrities, royals, music, TV, and real people. Find exclusive content, including photos and videos, on PEOPLE. com. Caught Porn Videos at Fuq. com. Caught And Can't Get Out. I Can't Hold Myself Back From This Young Wife 2:15:59 Tube8 4 months ago 11 December 2017. Jason Scott Lee news, gossip, photos of Jason Scott Lee, biography, Jason Scott Lee girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Jason Scott Lee 24 dating 36. Datng latest news articles from Billboard Magazine, including reviews, business, 24 dating 36, hip-hop, rock, dance, country and more. Dwting Singles Connect: Adventist Match is designed for Adventist singles who are looking boutique dating service Christian dating, love and datinv, and friendships 3 chat and. The best online dating sites 24 dating 36 Ukraine are equal in datijg to the best online dating sites in Russia. Dating in Ukraine can be quite fruitful if you have patience. Not 24 dating 36 how dating website engineers be romantic. Read our guide to romance and you'll be wowing her in no time. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful 24 dating 36 women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Downtown dating search Sexual Dating is the best 24 dating 36 percent Granny sex dating site. Join to browse personals of singles, GILF, older women, men, toyboys and 24 dating 36 for senior. 20,000 Hot Russian Brides to be, Zach and jenna dating Ladies, College Girls, amp; exotic Women senior citizen dating app Russia amp; Ukraine seeking men for love, dating, sex, marriage, mail, email, IM 24 dating 36. Nov 22, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Vietnam Brides International Matchmaking Agency 62971500 Orchard Plaza First Baptist Church in Newton meets for worship on Sundays at 10a and 24 dating 36 smaller 366 on Sundays and throughout the week. The music combines the best of the. The Sims 2 is a 2004 strategic life simulation video game developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts. It is the sequel to The Sims. The game has the same. Watch 1 to 120 of 9641 free prostitute sex movies updated hourly with new porn tube. Foreigner Looking For Filipina To Marry: Why Do Men Love A Philippine Woman As Their Wife And Where To Look For Them. Watch Subtitles Uncensored Japan Schoolgirl Compensated Dating online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Asian porn video site with the hottest movies. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. I thought I loved my wife from the moment we started dating. I was wrong. The database allows you to search for name, rank, serial number, hometown, rank, medals, duty stations, shipsboats, nickname and more. For KIA's you can search for. A sibling is one of two or more individuals having one or both parents in common. A full sibling is a first-degree relative. A male sibling is a brother, and a female.
Quintonil is a restaurant that opened in 2012. This proposal sought to generate a space that aligned itself with the restaurant’s products, its techniques, and its presentations. The outcome is a space that enshrines the domestic and the elegant, the quotidian and the sophisticated.
The project integrated the isolated spaces (the main hall and the courtyard) in order to increase the area within of the restaurant. In order to do so, it was necessary to redesign the sliding door between both spaces. It was also necessary to redesign the lobby; this was done by placing a screen and some curtains to delimit it from the bar and the main hall. The bar counters were redesigned to permit the integration of all its elements (the coffee machine, bottle storage, the crockery).
The main hall, which originally lacked the sufficient height as to create a comfortable space, was reimagined by placing mirrors along with several tables designed by Pirwi, and by illuminating them with a tenuous lineal light. The courtyard, which is surrounded by tall buildings, was made more amenable by placing two walls, one covered with wood and the other with white palladium. A transversal wall covered with vegetation and a series of pergolas in order to control for the visibility of the surrounding buildings.
Open has attracted a leader its respective business category. All the options are at his disposal. Marlins right-hander Pablo Lopez, who had been scheduled to pitch Wednesday night, instead NFL Jerseys China start on Thursday when Miami opens a four-game series at Philadelphia. reportedly engaged a confrontation with New Orleans coach during Friday night’s game against the Utah Jazz. Look at Jrue Holiday going into his fifth year, going into his sixth year, sixth year. Army All-American Bowl 2013. This was more than a dream come true for me and I remember it for the rest of NFL Jerseys Free Shipping life. Wholesale New Jerseys Von , Broncos linebacker: is viewed discount nfl jerseys by casual NFL fans as a pure pass Cheap Jerseys NFL rusher. Cheap Jerseys his first NHL , DeBrusk logged 16 goals and 43 points 70 , displaying poise and potential that foreshadows improved numbers down the road. Catalan looked to take early advantage of their visitors off-field turmoil, as they attacked the Wakefield line following a forced goal-line drop-out the seventh minute.
What are you doing, you keener? We know that it’s necessary, it’s just the pains of going through it are evil, Zukerman said. Jul 18 10 AM Popovich has Wholesale NFL Jerseys Supply remained engaged the San Spurs’ everyday business Cheap Jerseys NFL this offseason, according to sources. Dickey, who 2012 rode his elusive knuckleball to become the National Leag ue Cy Young winner with the new Mets before heading north of the border to pitch for the Toronto Blue Baseball Jerseys Cheap Jays, is making Wholesale NFL Jerseys Supply the most of his surname by joining forces with global workwear maker Dickies. That’s what happened NFL Jerseys China on the Rachel Show. It only makes sense that you can, at times, make a solid decision when you have the wisdom of having watched entire half to draw on. both 2013 and 2014, played no more than 67 . But Huddersfield sparked back into life during the closing stages, with Wardle getting his second of the match after McGillvary had palmed down a Brough kick. far, it isn’t.
It’s tough, but I know they want to win, he said. Murphy steered Ipswich further towards safety with the only goal a narrow win over Barnsley. The NFL is said to be considering pushing back start times London so the do not begin at 9 AM EDT 6 AM PDT the U.S., as they have been. Individual initiatives have been established these focal areas that reaffirm our mission. Worst: The Sharks are paying for potential with Hertl than top-flight production. After losing his first career fight to Baneil Dariush at UFC 199 back June 2016, Vick submitted Abel Trujillo the third-round of their bout at UFC Fight Night 104 Baseball Jerseys Cheap last February, finished Marco Polo Reyes the first-round at UFC 213 back May, and had a buzzer-beater finish of Joe Duffy back November at UFC 217 New . Why roll it? This is definitely Cheap Jerseys a race NFL Jerseys Free Shipping track that can take a while to work your way up the field, you don’t want to dig yourself a hole early on. The move that has gained some wholesale jerseys from china traction the media is to Wholesale Olympic CA. Jerseys sign-and-trade Cousins to the Wizards for . Crafton posted his 11th top-10 finish 18 races at Dover Speedway.
Home Christmas, 2009 November 2009 October 2009 Blank page September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 Ad Dei Gloria February 2009 January 2009 Christmas 2008 A Christmas Story November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 The Coming of Jesus Christmas 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 Keepers July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 What Matters April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 Book Reviews Journals Favorite Links Contact Blank page
“And if we could show the world today that being committed to Christ is no tame, humdrum, sheltered monotony, but the most fascinating and exciting adventure the human spirit can ever know---“ joy unspeakable and full of glory” –the thousands of strong and stalwart lives that have been holding back from Christ and looking askance at the Church and standing outside the Kingdom would come crowding in to His allegiance; and there might be such a revival as the world has not witnessed since the Pentecost.”
A song of ascents fills my thoughts and invades my soul as I reminisce about the unique journey and seasons of my life, oh most surely as Advent arrives this eventful year. Seemingly 2008 was on fast forward and abbreviated by heaven’s clock. But of course, no such thing was true because the seconds, minutes, hours, weeks, months have remained equal down the centuries, fixed and governed with precision since Genesis chapter one, Alas the rush of time, is nothing more than having my calendar too crowded with activities in these upper years. I resolve to slow my dervish when the calendar turns.
Sparrows, titmice, and finches were the first visitors to my copper-roofed feeder station this season. When two of the five pine trees on my front lawn died, I engaged Robert the tree man to take them all down, there being enough remaining oaks, maples, tulip poplars, and dogwoods as habitat for the ubiquitous squirrels that no doubt will miss their piney playground.
As another Christmas draws near, this is my petition: Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place; Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this space; Omnipotent Master of glory and grace, Thou art welcome here in my place…. and for the wider world and even greater realm of the Kingdom into which I was reborn, joint heir with the tiny Babe of Bethlehem who visited this planet twenty one centuries ago.
From A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens: Scrooge was better than his word. He did it all, and infinitely more; and to Tiny Tim, who did not die, he was a second father. He became as good a friend, as good a master, and as good a man, as the good old city knew, or any other good old city, town, or borough, in the good old world….. He had no further intercourse with Spirits…; and it was always said of him, that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge. May that be truly said of us, and all of us! And so, as Tiny Tim observed, God Bless Us, Every One!
I had every intention on writing this entry on my 6 week Post Op “Rupturversary”, but got caught up with the spectacle that is the 2008 Summer Olympics. How fantastic has the Olympics been? I’ve watched everything from Archery to Team Hand Ball (Where did this sport come from?). The Basketball has been difficult to watch because it makes me want to play, but i’ve been fighting the urge.
So, on Monday I had my 2nd Post Op visit. I was told to remove my boot and bandages, hop off the bench, walk the length of the room, and stand on my toes. Then my doctor says, OK back to shoes, back to work, see you in 4 weeks. “Excuse me? I’m not sure if you remember, i’m the guy with the bilateral rupture.” To which his response was, “You’re good. Try not to push off on your toes and be careful.” I feel like i’m his X-Men project. I’m clearly a Super Hero. I hope he put springs in my legs for extra hop when I get back to playing next June (Personal Goal of mine…)!
We all clearly have a long road ahead of us, but every day is a day closer to 100%. In the spirit of the Olympics, Team USA Women’s Basketball Forward Tamika Catchings recently ruptured went through the healing process and is viciously competing in the Basketball Tournament. The moral of the story is, Stay Encouraged family.
I have always been proud of being a (generally) athletic male with nice feet. OK, stop laughing! I’m serious. The two typically don’t go together and women love a guy with “pretty feet” (trust me fellas). So, today i’m 4 weeks, 2 days Post Op, and my feet look a mess! The cast did a number on my heels and ankle area and being afraid of applying lotion to my “surgery area” has the back of my feet looking dry and just gross (To me at least. But I suspect my wife feels the same way. She just won’t say it out load!).
Anywho, during an advertisement break of a rather riveting episode of Judge Mathis (Day Time television is the worst!) I saw a commercial for the Ped Egg TM (www.freepedegg.com)! Could this unique invention Ergonomically Designed to fit into the palm of my hand be the answer to my prayers? Ummmmm, I think i’ll pass…
This thing just creeps me out. For those that haven’t seen it, the egg shaped pedicure tool uses over 135 “safe” stainless steel blades (oxymoron) to “gently” remove dry and callused skin from your feet. The genious of the product emerges when you remove the top cover of the “egg” to find the skin shavings ready for proper disposal. I know, I know, sounds great. But have you seen this thing? The whole process just grosses me out.
I’m sorry if you started reading this entry looking for something profound or maybe an achilles recovery update. I think it’s safe to say that the “cabin fever’ has gotten the best of me on this day. Not much of a recovery update. Second post-op visit is on the 11th. I plan on walking out of the doctors office, and maybe getting a pedicure…
Greetings & Salutations Fellow ATR Family. It has been quiet some time since I made an entry. I will simply blame it on laziness (It’s not like I was doing anything else…). Thank you to everyone that offered words of encouragement and comfort in my first post. It has truly made this ordeal easier to bear.
When we last left our bilateral super hero, he was eagerly anticipating the removal of his initial casts and staples. Well, this occured without incident on July 14th.
After the doctor removed my staples, I was fitted for my ultra modish immobolizing boots. I was told to continue with no weightbearing, ice, compress and elevate. Thankfully, I do not have to wear the boots while sleeping. Something I was truly dreading. But the whole “weightbearing” thing confuses me. So, I try to use my wheelchair and new found upper body strength as often as possible. However, I cannot tell a lie and say that I haven’t walked over to the PS2 in order to switch from Madden to NBA Live. I mostly crawl though…
Leaving the house for the first time was great. Even if it was only to see the doctor (This was probably the first time i’ve been excited to go to the doctor ever in life.). However, it made my wife and I realize that getting out of the house wasn’t that difficult. So Tuesday we went to IHOP for dinner and Thursday to the movies to finally see “Wanted” (So much better than “Hancock”). After both outings I didn’t want to go back home. We have since returned to the movies to see “The Dark Knight” (Great if you’re a comic book person. Heath Ledger was amazing!) and we’re planning another outing to see “Step Brothers” or “X-Files”. It’ll be a gametime decision.
Thankfully pain has continued to be insignificant. Slight twinges here and there, but nothing to brag about. Since i’m in the boots, I can take showers. I would not recommend this without a shower chair (bilateral or otherwise). The chair made everything easier, except getting out of the shower. At the end of the day, it all seemed like more of a hassle. I think I may stick to the “Cowboy Showers” for now. The shower did soften the skin and unfortunatley, I had some oozing from the left scar. Being slightly worried, I had a doctor friend look at the wound and she determined that there was no infection, and that it was “normal” (whatever that means).
I guess that’s all for now folks. Who knew this would be so long? I’m sure to have more updates when I go back on August 11th. Until then, enjoy your respective forced vacations….
On June 2nd during a competitive league basketball game I suffered Bilateral Achilles Rupture while going up to block a shot. (Coincidentily, we lost by 2 in overtime, literally adding insult to injury.) Oh and Yes “Bilateral” does mean the left AND the right Achilles ruptured. It’s funny how when things like this happen, everyone around you becomes a medical professional; offering comments like, “You know you’re going to have to have surgery?” Yeah genius? Thanks for the update…
Anywho, like most of us the emergency room visit was followed by the subsequent Ortho visit, that ultimately lead to the “You know you’re going to have to have surgery” conversation. After much internal debate and procrastination, I scheduled my surgery for July 3rd (I did mention procrastination right?).
I highly recommend doing things you enjoy doing the days before the surgery as you will miss them during recovery. My wife and I went to see “Hancock” (Retrospectively, I wish we would have seen “Wanted” instead…) Surgery day went as smoothly as to be expected. We had a wheelchair scheduling snaffu, but thanks to good friends and good drugs, it all worked out. Other than the nausea, there was very little pain or discomfort day 1. In fact, that was pretty much the best sleep i’ve had in years.
I anticipated pain and discomfort for day 2, but it never really came. Same for day 3 and 4. One week later, I have thankfully remained mostly pain free. They say i’m built Ford Tough; I however wonder whether my doctor did anything. Well we’ll find out on Monday, when the good doctor removes my cast.
OK Ford Tough…so I just now saw you were an Atlantan. Me too. Where’d you go for surgery? Me, Resurgens Ortho. Can’t believe you are a double…guess you gotta do it in a big way. Your incisions look like they are doing great. You’ll be 100% in no time!!
OK…and, I took a sec to read the Egg story…my sister swears by the egg…and…I am SOOOO embarassed to say….I bought one…It is disgusting..the shaving collection thing…I was cracking up when I saw your post….and I shouldn’t admit that I HAVE ONE! Have a good night!
SInce I am also in Atlanta, who in the heck is your surgeon? I think I made the wrong choice….also, I now have a DVT and PE, which is a very scary complication. Were you on blood thinners after the surgery? THanks, Sandy
Yay, you! Welcome back to the world of the walking! What wonderful news. I’ve been enjoying the Olympics, too, maybe even more than usual in part because of my greater appreciation for the body, limits and abilities. Amazing, really. Congrats and keep us posted as you progress along.
Truly unbelievable…I don’t think even Wolverine heals that fast! Congrats on getting back on your feet. They must have used adamantium in your repair. Hope all continues to go well.
The washcloth works the best. You don’t want to take too much skin off. I would put lotion on at night, then use a washcloth in the morning in the shower. Works great. My foot is back to pretty. =)
I’m West coast and have seen it on TV…..I thought it was a pretty cool little invention—won’t buy one though:)
Luckily this has not made it to WEST coast tv. Can I assume you are all East Coast? What ch’all doing to those feet for these types of inventions?
I agree with you 100% I must have seen this commercial 1000 times in the last month and every time it weirds me out. I didn’t understand the scene with the orange when it shaved off all the skin, and yet, it’s so gentle it won’t even pop a balloon!
Hey Fordtough, I agree with you about the egg. It looks like some kind of medieval torture device. I had the same problem with the top of my foot starting about four weeks post-op. I looked like some kind of shrunken snake shedding its oversized skin. Grooosssss!!! Anyway, I found a really rough facecloth, wet it and scrubbed away followed by a really heavy foot moisturizing cream. It worked like a charm and everything looked nice and pretty again. If you are really a go-getter, you could go through your wifes nail polish collection and get her to paint you up real pretty. My toes are a lovely purple, which complements my hot pink cast. Anyway, the cloth and the moisturizer will do the trick. It’s funny, but once my foot looked good again, it seemed to feel better too. Good luck with your recovery.
at least the egg is better than using a cheese geater, or something. Sandpaper? Anyway, there is a much more funs way to do this - have your feet tickled all over by tiny fish nibbling your dead skin. Dont believe me? Look at the news link below.
I’ve been thinking - as hard as it must be to go through this, there is a low chance of rerupturing once you heal (something like 2-4%). So technically, the odds are in your favor that this is the only time you will have to go through this - compared to the wimps (like me) who only ruptured one at a time. We stand a 10% chance of rupturing the other down the road and getting to do this ALL.OVER.AGAIN. Kinda like getting the mumps with the measles, no?
Hey, now I feel better - someone with two ATR’s! Thank God for Guinness and DVD’s and computers! Here I am moaning in my cast, but this site always cheers me up –or is it Schadenfreude?
I wonder sometimes, when this is all done, a year from now, will I just forget this long, boring and frustrating summer? I do tend to forget bad things easily….
Love the attitude. You seem to be rolling along (!) nicely. I, too, enjoyed Dark Night. Captivating performance by HL. ‘Wanted is on my list, too, good to hear you liked it.
An aside to Ed - my geek/labelmaker obsessed coworker put ‘teh boot’ on my boot this week when I returned. I suspect more will be turning up over the weeks.
OMG! I was wallowing in my own ATR hell and hadn’t seen this! Just saw your update post and had to track back to how it happened. Glad you found the place. Your experience will certainly be helpful to others down the road. Please keep us posted on how you adapt and manage. May you have a safe and speedy recovery!
MY HERO “That’s my way of saying that when I was young, I didn’t have big rock heroes, I didn’t want to grow up and be some big sporting hero. My heroes were ordinary people and the people that I have a lot of respect for are just solid everyday people - people you can rely on.” Dave Grohl
I think most of us have thought people don’t really understand what we’re going through. But the funny thing is even though I have an ATR, I still can’t imagine what it’s like to have a two-fer.
If daveleft, a re-rupture, thinks you make him look like a wuss, then the rest of us are downright slackers who should be out playing basketball, softball, soccer, tennis then doing some dancing afterward!
Wow - I am humbled. Watch that oozing - keep it dry and clean. The more often you can get it out of teh boot to “air out” the better… Would be good to get that resolved before you atart PWB - once that happens, the boot could irritate the incision…
fordtough - glad that your recovery is coming along nicely. Looking forward to reading your future posts.
Dude…you are a superhero. You make us re-rupturers look like wussies…that photo of the dueling boots makes me cringe! Glad to hear that things are progressing though. Keep fighting the good fight.
hye ftough - I went out of the second time yesterday since my surgery. We went wine tasting. After about an hour I had to sit and was exhausted. I could only think about - “what if I did this to both legs/A’s”. I thought of you and you just need to know everyone on this site cares and is pulling for you. Keep us updated.
How do you go to the toilet? I thought it was tough hobbling on one leg! I guess you’re using a wheelchair everywhere you go? You are Ford tough!
I tore mine during hoops…going up to block a shot as well…but the only thing that went into the stands was my yell. My opponent swished the shot.
Btw, like the name. Learned to drive in a F100, three on the tree. I think that truck is still running somewhere.
fordtough - okay.. new code. fixed the bug. It should work properly. Your “which leg” is set to “Both!”..
fordtough - You’ve definitely taken achillesblog.com to another level. Sorry to hear about your ruptures. As some of the others have mentioned, it’s good to hear that you’re in relatively good spirits. Please keep posting your recovery experience.
You sure are lucky you said that Dennis, because my entry for tomorrow was going to be about Bilateral ATR Discrimination! Why not? I’m not doing anything else…
Looks like I am going to have to change the code for Achilles Profile. Currently, you can say that you injured either the left leg or the right leg, not both..
Oh, the shot went to the stands and I went to the ground. I appreciate all the encouraging comments. I will keep all posted.
Wow that sucks! My first question is did you block the shot? The interesting thing, is my doctor had another bilateral also. I am very sorry to hear this, but I am glad to see that you have a positive attitude about this. Keep us posted, and if there is any advice we could offer let us know. I myself am almost two months post surgery and feeling pretty good, so in time you will get there.
Hello from Pennsylvania - your post actually made me smile - I thought I was having it tough with one, but bilarteral!! Keep smiling and keep posting for us!
oh gosh. bilateral ruptures?!?! I have LOTS of respect for you as you seem to be in good spirits!!!!!! Good for you-having a positive attitude is the most important thing for recovery.
Wow, been wondering if/when we would see a bilateral. Seems like you’ve got a good attitude which is 90% of the battle in recovery. Best of luck!
About 15 years ago myself and some friends went to have tennis lessons, …. most of us in our late …eh…. no quite…… lets just say over 30!!! Anyway during the warm up we noticed Margaret had fallen down, we just laughed and carried on in our group, next thing the Ambulance crew arrived and carted poor Margaret off to Hospital, didn’t know until the next day she had ruptured both Achilles…. The good news is, she like me is now in her 50’s and she doesn’t play tennis any more but walkes miles every day playing golf.
So, it will take a while but you will get there, this site is a godsend, check it out daily for advice and you will be amazed at the responses you get.
Ok, got call from pain management doctor and then had someone cancel for a stimulator and I could step in their place. So I got the trial unit installed, two leads go into the med part of my spine and actual unit fits around my waste and has the two leads attach to the unit with usb ports. I have remote unit that has three programs each has eight levels of intensity. I started at what the company rep told me the most commonly effective program, power level 5. Thru the first three days so far the company rep calls and asks how I am doing and, as it has gone so far, each day is ineffective, we have adjusted up the power. I have to take my pain meds (nucynta, 50 mg, with gabapintin, 300mg) by four o’clock each day. My pain management doctor tells me almost everyone knows if the unit is going to be effective in the first three days. I am on my fourth day now, and no help at all, When you sign the form, they state they are going for a 50 to 75% decrease in pain, but when they talk to you informally they tell you stories of ex-nurses, sceptical types who felt 90% reductions in their pain. You never have enough time to ask them all the specifics. Anyway, the rep tells you on the third day that the other programs are for if the leads move somehow and they need to change the ‘focus’ of the current. So this explains why the doctor says the unit works in three days, he thinks he will locate it correctly. I don’t know what my chances are a this point, I guess that is the wrong question and I would continue on hoping that the unit works. I am getting to the point where I just going to have to turn to less objective forms heeling and to mediation, supplements and alike.
I am being treated for peripherial neropathy now by my pain management doctor. I believe the nerve pain is a result of the surgeries (3) my heel/Achilles. I was wondering if anyone else out there had these issues, and, of course, what you did about it. A therapist I see recently pointed me at this treatment: Therapeutic Nervoscience Treatment: http://www.optp.com/Therapeutic-Neuroscience-Education-Teaching-Patients-About-Pain-A-Guide-for-Clinicians#.VfqL7PlViko. The basic idea here is that your injury is healed and you are over your tissue damage so you need to think and more importantly feel that your injury is the result of overactive and oversensitive nervous system: from your injury site to your brain and you need to retrain yourself to deal with it differently. Has anyone tried this? This site is really disappointing me because I am getting no response to my postings anymore. I wonder if anyone is out there anymore. Thanks.
Well I am entering the month that will include my one year anniversary to my last surgery; the surgery of which the surgeon said, “this was simple and so will take less time to get over.” Much to his puzzlement, I still walk only with the aid of Nucynta and Gabapintine. The pain doctors have placed me on this routine and, you know, I thank them, because those are the best hours, besides sleeping, that I have. I take my meds first thing in the morning and scooter off to work, and while on the distracting scooter ride, I love the scooter and am quite sure I would love the ride even if I knew it would end in my death, they take their desired affect, so when I get to work, I feel serviceable. It is on the weekends that I am having difficulties, because I have more time and I feel the hangover of the meds and so don’t want to juice up again. Of course when I respond this way, my heel is laying in wait, and springs into action with its cries of ‘listen to me’, ‘I have been ignored’ pain. Any how it is now the weekend, so you know how I feel, and I am imagining that I know how you feel, or at least many of you (because I have read your posts); hopeful as you are in your every increasing mobility and strength. So I just felt the need to remind you, to be patient and, if possible, enjoy your recovery, because some of us are not. I no doubt know, rationally, that irrationally this sour attitude does not help in it, but this has been a hard and painful four years, and, still like a child, I want it to come to a recuperative end, but always seem to be asking myself, “why am I not getting better like all those other fortunate folks?”
Well, the nortriptyline appears to not be working so I will be asking my pain management doctor if we can look into the stimulator. It seems only the narcotics (Nucynta) provide some relief. See how that works. Probably retiring from work and take early retirement, sell the house and move into a less expensive place.
Here is a great explanation of the nerve pain I am experiencing post surgery. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8CP-rfqp0s, I have nerve pain on both sides of the right heel but no more pain in the tendon itself. So I traded Achilles tendon repair for CRPS on both sides. Not a good trade. Nerve pain was a result of the surgery.
This week the numbness which only use to occur occassionally in the ball of my right foot is present virtually all the time and it is extending into all my toes. I called my pain doctor and got his nurse and she says she does not think it is anything to be concerned about; however, that is hard to believe as now my foot is just numb when I walk about. I still have full motor control but I worry if that will be effected by this trend.
Went and saw another orthopedic doctor, Dr.Patel. He was not my surgeon on any of my three Achilles/heel surgures, but he impressed he with how creative he was when consulted. For example, early on in this process, he suggested the Platelet injection. He was not overly optimistic but to the point in dealing with CRPS. He does not put hardly any confidence in the stimulator and challenged me to challenge Dr. Sayed to refer me to any successfully treated patients for what I have. So I thought I would call Sayed’s office and see if I can get that. Rather Patel wants to get another MRI to make sure we don’t have any physical issues with the tendon and also do an EMG on the nerves to see if we can pin point any nerve issues that we might be able to correct. He likened this CRPS to a pinched nerve. So I have appointments to do that. I am trying to run both tracks now: Sayed’s stimulator and Patel’s discovery. And, of course, keeping up the narcotics that Dr. Lee, and Dr. Morgan think I should continue. However, using the narcotics is not easy and I am afraid trying to balance that every day correctly and working at my job (programmer) will be undoable. If I do too much pain killers, I am unfocused and foggy; if I don’t do enough, I have constant, distracting pain. Plus I am nauseous most mornings, I feel like I have a mini hangover, and I have what can only be described as hallucinogenic dreams every night if I take the pain med. I am taking Nucynta, by the way; 3 or 4 times a day. It is hard.
Well, I got one pain management doctor suggesting a stimulator for my back and another not suggesting it. So since there is a trial, I guess I will try it out and see what happens. If it does not work, then that is the way it will be. If the trial does, then I have to decide if I want to make it premanent. Anybody else see it differently? Always open to suggestions and advice. What do I do if I got without the stimulator, more opiads and just mix and match them till, and if, I don’t need them anymore.
Still taking daily narcotics to reduce pain. Wondering what options I have to get over CRPS. Had to take Oxycodin today to get rid of burning pain today. Taking Nucynta every four hours; thinking maybe if I stop taking Gabapentin I will not be so nausous in the morning. Does anyone have experience with TINS, Kematine treatment, surgical neuropathy? If pain does not get better I will either be quitting work or they will fire me. I get sited for unprofessional behavior like I texted by boss that I felt like shit in the morning and had to be stoned the rest of the day to feel good. Even though it was just to her phone that was considered unprofessional. We talk worse than that everyday but I can only guess that she wants me join. I can’t blame her. I am unproductive and always missing days due to pain.
Got a second opinion today from another doctor, not a pain management doctor, but someone who sees a lot of patients with pain issues, and she concurs with the pain doc that it sounds like CRPS. She says my only reasonable option is to manage it with pain meds. Just went on a 4 am ’stroll’ -1/2 mile. I sit here writing with the burning and throbbing pain of CRPS. I am so angry. Folks on this site talk about being driven crazy not being able to run for months or years. I understand that. I am just plain unhappy. I hate my doctors for a) causing this and b) not telling me what this is. I had to figure it out on my own. Ass-holes!
I’m at 14 wks 2 days. I’ve been doing great. Steady progress every few days. I’ve been walking fairly well, no limp unless sore or tired. I’m able to play golf riding a cart.
In the past week, I’ve started to notice a little bump, like a little ball right where the tendon was repaired. It’s sensitive to the touch - a little sore, especially after PT or walking moderate distances. It usually feels better after a few hours but it’s something that doesn’t seem quite right visually. It sort of protrudes out toward the back of the AT unlike the concave shape of a healthy AT. I asked an ortho friend who says he sees it a lot and that it’s just fluid build-up and it will go away in a few days. I’m seeing my ortho later this week - I’m definitely going to have him look at it. We may do an MRI. I’m interested if anyone has seen a symptom like this 3 months post-op. I will definitely keep everyone posted.
I took a vacation to mexico, a cruise actually, and several people saw me wearing my boot and asked me what had happened in a knowing fashion. I met one guy who had ruptured his AT 11 years ago and has since tattooed over his scar - a rupturing tendon with a soccer ball flying through it. sort of tells the whole story right there. Another guy came up to me and said he experienced the same injury many years ago. It’s so interesting. It’s like we’re in this club, the global ATR club - we now make special notice of the hardware (the boot), a certain type of limp, the scar….we empathize with the injury and the associated long recovery. Sort of cool.
I played my first round of golf since the ATR. I took a cart with a handicap sticker. I had fun. I could hit with power and had a few decent shots. I really didn’t feel all that different because I’m normally not that good of a golfer anyway. I encounter some trouble (several, ahem, 4 actually, snowmen appeared on my scorecard) due to lack of playing and uneven lies were somewhat troublesome. I played without a boot, which I’ve basically stopped wearing as of a few weeks ago. I have very minor swelling which looks bad because the ankle swells up above where the shoe is so the area is sort of lumpy. All in all a great time. so far so good.
I saw the 1st episode of Hard Knocks - Training Camp with the Cincinnati Bengals last night. I cringed when they showed Reggie Kelly get carted off the field with an ATR. The trainer told him 6 months recovery time.
After nearly 2 mos, I finally took the car (with a manual transmission) out for a drive in 2 shoes. It was good to get out there and row through the gears. I’m guessing my clutch is the equivalent of 20 lbs of force on my achilles so it should make for a good rehab activity. About a week ago, I actually drove some while still in my boot, which probably is not a great idea. The boot is bulky and it’s conceivable that one could hit the brakes inadvertently. Also, the inability to plantar flex is an issue preventing you from depressing the clutch all the way but in a pinch, driving with a boot (left foot) on the clutch is doable.
Boy that commercial was annoying (no offense to any of you on Dr Scholl’s ad team) but I started to get heel soreness from walking around in a boot so I’ve placed a gel sole in my boot. I haven’t put it to a long test but it seems to have made a difference after taking a few steps on my porch. so I never thought in a million year’s I’d ever say this but “I AM GELLIN!”
I’m not going to kid anyone. I’m a competitive person… and I have peterh and doug53 in my sights! (well, not them per se but their awesome recovery schedules)
I’m essentially 2 mos post-op and I saw my ortho today. he was very pleased with what he saw - the tendon is very solid, the wound looked good, etc. he sd it was ok for me to start phasing in 2 shoes, golf in a boot should be ok, and that I was ahead of schedule. Needless to say, I was happy to hear it. I’ve been pushing a little ahead of my ortho’s rehab pace and I feel like he’s given me the greenlight to push just ever so slightly harder to getting my active life back.
I still feel tightness when I lean forward on the injured foot when I walk so I plan to take it easy but I’m going to do a little more every 2 days. I think strength will be more important now. I need more power in my plantar flexion to take the pressure off my knees which are sore after extensive boot walking and to eradicate the limp I have because my left foot walks flat footed.
I finally went to the driving range yesterday. The great as well as incredibly sad thing is my ball striking is actually not much worse with one good leg. It felt good to get out and do something physical. I felt no discomfort while I was out there and I laid into a few.
Last night (similar to most nights), my AT area felt a little sore and tender with minor swelling. I keep feeling the tendon and, whether it’s real or imagined, I think I can feel a bump or edge where my AT was repaired. It could be scar tissue but I have no idea.
SORENESS AFTER WALKING: As directed by my PT, I try to walk in the boot with as normal a stride as possible. This causes a stretching sensation in the back of my calf (feels like muscle, AT, and skin) and after a bit of walking or at the end of the day, my AT area is pretty sore. I think it’s normal to expect this and am hoping some of you have had the same sensation and found it to be normal.
SENSITIVE SKIN AROUND AT: The skin around my AT is still a little sore. I’m wondering how normal this is 7 wks post-op. The soreness feels like a mild bruise - nothing painful - but it’s all around the AT area even on the outside of my AT (the opposite side of the incision, my incision was done slightly to the inside to avoid irritation later on from wearing shoes).
WALKING WITHOUT BOOT: I’m still having trouble walking normally without the boot. I feel hesitant to really lean forward as I feel the stretching sensation in the back of my leg. I also can’t get much lift from the injured side so I’m very flat footed. I only do this around the house. I haven’t been instructed to but I’m trying to do more strengthening - seated calf raises, where I just try to lift my knees off the ground.
LUMPY SKIN AFTER ICING: Also, after icing, I’ve noticed lumpiness in the skin around my incision. It’s like there are dimples and ridges up and down my AT. This tends to even out after a 20 mins or so but it looks really weird.
Other than these minor issues that I’m curious about. Things seem to be going well. I’m walking fine and if I’m feeling good, I may hit the driving range next week.
Iranian Women figured prominently in the 10th presidential elections of June 2009, in which Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner by a wide margin. In large pre-election rallies and intense campaigns and during the post-election upheaval women played a visible and active role. Several internal conflicts within the ruling elites, including long-existing cracks within the ranks of the Shiite clerics and also between the people and the state came to the fore during and after the presidential elections. Women in large numbers joined the massive street protests that followed the vote, as opposition candidates and their supporters raised accusations of wholesale fraud in the official results and declared it an “electoral coup.”
The international media, often unaware of the brewing women’s movement in Iran , were surprised to see women marching in the demonstrations in large numbers and braving the violent response by security forces, which dramatically illustrated the clash between a changing society and an increasingly repressive government. But the massive participation of women in the latest protests is not an unprecedented, overnight development. This has been the result of many years of rather quiet educational and organizational work carried out by many small groups of women and men focused on civil rights, especially women’s rights. Women’s social activism and participation in political movements in modern Iran has more than 100 years of recorded history, with special highlights during the Constitutional Revolution of 1906–1911, the nationalist movement of the 1950s, the modernization and reform processes of the 1960s and 1970s, and the Islamic Revolution of 1978–79.[1]
What is unprecedented is not the massive quantity, but a new quality of women’s participation, which is marked by a high level of gender consciousness, self-confidence, and feminist agency. During the 1979 Revolution too, thousands of women, mostly covered in black veils, rallied behind Ayatollah Khomeini under a populist Islamist discourse envisioning a utopian and just Islamic society. But the current social uprising is neither revolutionary nor sectarian. It is a nonviolent and non-ideological pro-democracy movement in which demands for individual freedom and civil rights, including women’s rights, constitute its important components.
Women from all walks of life, but mostly young and urban middle class women, took part in both the electoral campaigns and in the protests against the results, which were widely viewed as being fraudulent. While some among these women participants were devout women covered in the traditional black chadors, many others appeared in colorful scarves, modern fashions, and secular looks. Unlike the demonstrations orchestrated by the government that we were used to seeing over the past 30 years, these rather spontaneous protests have not been sex segregated. Women marched not behind men, but alongside men or even in the forefront.
The nightly cries of “Allah-o-Akbar” (God is great) and “Death to the Dictator” on the roof tops are similar to those during the 1978–79 Revolution. Unlike then, however, the current movement is not dominated by sectarian and revolutionary Islamism. Nor is the revolutionary Marxism-Leninism of the guerrilla movements of the 1970s present in the current movement. While a populist, religious fundamentalist (Islamist) and anti-imperialist discourse led by Ayatollah Khomeini was predominant in Iran in the 1970s, today a pluralist, and predominantly secular discourse based on human/women’s rights, civil rights, and the democratic rule of law makes up the main framework of the current movement. By secular, I do not mean anti-religion or even irreligious, but an adherence to the separation of state and religion. This growing secular tendency in Iran rejects theocracy, the supremacy of the clerical power in politics, and the absolute rule of the jurist (velayat-e motlaqeh faqih) and aspires to create a secular republic based on free elections and parliamentary democracy. In other word, the dominant mindset in the current movement is post-Islamist and non-ideological.
Several inter-related and at times paradoxical factors have contributed to this evolutionary process. Among recent changes at the local and national levels in Iran are the demographic changes such as increased urbanization and the youth bulge in Iran’s rising population; the dramatic increase in literacy and educational attainment, especially among women, who now make up 63 percent of university enrollment; the remarkable decline in fertility rates thanks to a successful campaign for birth control and family planning along with an improvement in primary health care; the rise in women’s socio-political participation; and the increase in women’s contribution to economic, scientific, and cultural production in the arts, literature, and cinema.
The interplay of these internal changes with certain changes at the international and global levels, especially the impact of globalizing factors such as the new communication technology (including the Internet, mobile phones, and satellite TV) and the global currency of human rights discourse and feminism promoted by the United Nations and by supportive devices such as CEDAW [2] that are being ratified by an increasing number of member states of the UN have all contributed to the transformations manifested in the current movement for democracy in Iran.
The socializing and politicizing impacts of the 1979 Revolution on women, especially on the traditional and conservative segments of women’s population helped expand the size and influence of middle class women in Iranian society. Initially formed during the years of modernization under the Pahlavi dynasty in 1920s to 1970s, the modern middle class, urban women of Iran made up the core of the women’s groups who resisted the discriminatory policies and laws enacted under the Islamist government since 1979.
They were later joined by an increasing number of Islamic women activists and devout Muslim women members of the traditionalist and conservative strata who gradually became disillusioned with the Islamist utopia and moved toward a reformist reconstruction of the polity and a feminist reinterpretation of their faith. This was due to their encounter with patriarchal injustices such as polygamy, temporary marriages, male privileges in divorce, child custody, and inheritance, and many other discriminatory laws and policies reinforced by the Islamic Republic. The increasing socioeconomic or class disparity, corruption, and particularly the government repression of individual freedoms and civil rights turned many female and male members of the younger generations away from the Islamist state.
Therefore, the youth, especially the student movement and the women’s movement make up now the main forces of the current civil rights effort and constitute the primary agents of change and democratization in Iran .
Elections in Iran are neither free nor fair. People are allowed to choose only among a few candidates who have passed the screening process and been vetted by an unelected body called the Guardian Council.[3] It was only a few months before the June 12 elections that the overall mood shifted from political apathy and hopelessness to a sense of hope for change, which resulted in a vast mobilization to participate in voting. This was mainly due to the progressive platforms for change presented by the two reformist front-runners: Mir-Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karrubi. What distinguished the reform candidates from the incumbent president Ahmadinejad was their promises to stop the latter’s onslaught on civil rights, to improve the rights of women and religious and ethnic minorities, to mend the mismanaged economy (marked by 25 percent inflation and rising unemployment), and to change the hostile and confrontational foreign policy and militarization that have resulted in the UN resolutions against Iran, economic sanctions, and the threat of Western military attacks and war, which have created an overall sense of national insecurity and isolation.
Among women activists too, it took a while to overcome the widespread hesitance to engage in the electoral process, especially by those who had lost all hope for political reform and trust in any of the candidates. About three months before the Election Day, however, an increasing number of feminists and women’s groups decided to take advantage of the relative openness of the political atmosphere during the election times in order to render an active feminist intervention into the process. They formed a diverse coalition called Convergence of Women (Hamgarayee Zanan) that represented 42 women’s groups and 700 individual activists. The coalition pressed the presidential candidates on two specific sets of women’s demands: ratification of CEDAW and revision of four Articles (19, 20, 21, and 115) in the constitution that enshrine gender-based discrimination.[4] Though as individuals, many feminists did take sides and voted for one of the two reform candidates, the coalition remained a demand-centered (motalebeh-mehvar) campaign only and avoided endorsement of any particular candidate. It rather put each candidate on the spot to address women’s issues and respond to the demands specified by the coalition.
The coalition tried to bring women’s issues to the surface through their publications and through appearances in the media, on the campaign trails and at street rallies, press conferences, and interviews with the candidates. They effectively utilized the new communication technology (SMS via cell phones, e-mails, and the Internet) to network and mobilize activists. Meanwhile, a film made by a prominent feminist director, Rakhshan Banietemad, put all of these efforts together in a documentary accessible on the Internet. The film included revealing interviews on women’s issues with some prominent artists and the presidential candidates while they were sitting along with their wives. Except for Ahmadinejad, the three other presidential candidates agreed to participate.
It should be noted that prior to the 2009 electoral campaigns, a new wave of women’s collective activism had already brought women’s demands for equal rights into the political scene. Following a growing trend in activities of women’s press and women NGOs since 1998 and some street demonstrations in 2004 and 2005, a number of organized and focused collective campaigns took shape since 2006. The largest, most grassroots and influential one has been the One Million Signatures Campaign to change discriminatory laws.[5] Other campaigns and coalitions included: the Stop Stoning Forever Campaign; the Women for Equal Citizenship Campaign; the Women’s Access to Public Stadiums Campaign; the National Women’s Charter Campaign; and the Mothers for Peace.[6] Despite the peaceful and transparent nature of the Iranian women’s movement, many women’s activists have faced state repression such as smear campaigns by the state-run media, beating, and arrests by security forces. In the course of the five years prior to the presidential elections, over 70 women activists were arrested and taken to Evin Prison and charged with “disruption of public opinion,” “propagating against the state”, and “endangering of national security.” While most of detainees were released on bail in a few weeks, some have been sentenced to several months or even several years of imprisonment.[7]
All of these efforts contributed to the visible changes in the gender politics of the 10th presidential election in 2009, which distinguished it from previous races. For one, all of the three candidates running against Ahmadinejad promised to address women’s demands raised by the coalition and to also include woman ministers in their cabinets should they get elected. The front-runner candidate, Mir-Hossein Mousavi, was usually accompanied by his wife, Zahra Rahnavard, with whom he held hands—a bold and unprecedented act in the Iranian sex-segregated political culture. Rahnavard, a prominent Muslim woman activist, an accomplished writer, academic, and artist is the first woman to become a university president in Iran . Her stature, strong personality, outspokenness about human/women’s rights, and colorful headscarf were among the traits that added to the appeal of this couple as a promising choice for change.
The other reform candidate, Mehdi Karrubi, also conducted a much more woman-friendly campaign than the one he ran in 2005 during the previous elections. Though a clergyman, his campaign team—composed of some respected reformers—included a prominent woman activist, Jamila Kadivar, as the spokesperson of his campaign headquarters. His wife, a strong professional woman, was also actively involved in the management of his campaign. Even the conservative candidate, Mohsen Rezai, was seen accompanied by his wife in several campaign meetings. Finally, Ahmadinejad himself felt compelled to bring along his wife during one of campaign events.
In short, both in symbolism and content, the 10th presidential elections signified considerable progress in gender politics in Iran . This progress has been mainly due to years of slow but persistent efforts by women toward consciousness-raising and feminist interventions in cultural and political arenas. As briefly mentioned above, in recent years, the women’s rights movement in Iran has been manifested in feminist press (print journals as well as online web logs and websites); arts, literature, and movies; organized and focused collective campaigns through networking; and other activities in various NGOs.[8]
As discussed earlier, women’s presence in the post-election Green Movement has been as prominent as the one in the election process. The prevalence of artistic images, songs, and poetry, especially the choice of the color green as the unifying symbol, gave the reform camp a sort of “feminine” tone. This rather spiritual, artistic, and peaceful mood that predominated because of the presence of many young people, especially young women, continued during the first days of protests in the aftermath of the election.
In the vote’s aftermath, millions of marchers, while flashing victory signs (instead of clenched fists), carried green-colored banners with the slogan: “Where is My Vote?” This simple yet profound slogan signifies a prevalent keenness on civil and political rights. The color green signifies symbolism rooted in both the national Islamic and the secular, pre-Islamic mythology and poetry of Iran but also as the global color of peace, nonviolence and environmental protection.
Despite increasingly violent suppression, over 3000 arrests and around 60 deaths (according to official figures), the activists who are engaged in the Green Movement so far have remained, for the most part, non-violent. Women’s roles as political actors, journalists, lawyers, and activist demonstrators are clearly evident in the increasing number of women who are beaten, injured, killed, or arrested as political prisoners since the June 12 upheavals.[9]
Even the first icon of the current civil rights movement is a woman: Neda Agha-Soltan, who was gunned down by the government-controlled militia while peacefully demonstrating. Her death was captured by a cell phone camera for all the world’s eyes to see, and it turned her into a martyr, which inspired more demonstrations and the outrage that followed.
Neda’s characteristics are representative of some of the demographic, gender, and class orientations of the current civil rights movement in Iran . Her young age (27 years old) reminds us of the 70 percent of Iran’s population below age 30 who are faced with increasing rates of unemployment, socio-political repression, and humiliation should Ahmadinejad’s repressive and militaristic policies continue for another four years. Neda’s Azeri ethnic background reminds us of Iran ’s ethnic diversity and the ongoing tension between the center and peripheries over socioeconomic disparity, discrimination, and uneven distribution of power and resources. Neda’s choice of field of study, theology and philosophy, was based on her quest to find answers to the questions of her time. But, as described by her mother, she became disappointed with the increasingly repressive atmosphere of the universities and so she turned to private training in music. Her music teacher was actually with her on the day of the protest (June 20, 2009) and was at her side when she was shot.[10] Neda belonged to no political party or ideological group. Her quest was basically for freedom and a democratic society that would respect her human rights and dignity as a woman.
Another icon of this movement, a 19 year-old male student, Sohrab Árabi, was reportedly killed while in the custody of the security forces. He became a rallying point mainly due to his mother’s daring to speak out about her ordeal. Parvin Fahimi, who finally recovered the body of her son after three weeks of searching from one prison to another, has become a leading advocate of families of political prisoners and mothers of martyred activists who have formed a new women’s group called Mothers in Mourning (Madaran-e Azadar).[11] To commemorate their lost children and also demand the release of the arrested ones, mothers of martyrs and political prisoners hold once-a-week rallies in designated public parks in Tehran. Following a call by Shirin Ebadi, a leading human rights lawyer and Nobel Laureate for Peace 2003, Iranian mothers in other parts of Iran and the world have begun holding similar rallies on a weekly basis as a show of global solidarity with women in Iran .
The Green Movement is a home-grown product of a long quest for reform, democracy, and rule of law in Iran . Ironically, it emerged from within the former revolutionary Islamists disillusioned with totalitarian Islamism and was welcomed by many secular dissident groups who have suffered from years of repression and marginalization under the Islamist regime. This cracking from within is in part due to the internal contradictions embedded in the institutional hybrid called the “Islamic Republic.” In the face of a growing movement for democracy and secular rule of law, the tense coexistence of its theocratic, unelected component (Islamic) with the elected popular authority (Republic) now seems untenable.
In the aftermath of what many called the “electoral coup,” the state power is taken over by the increasingly powerful hard-line military (the Revolutionary Guard) and its conservative clerical allies. This alliance seems determined to erode the republican part of the IR hybrid regime and further consolidate its theocratic and unelected component as the real power. But new cracks along with the long-existing ones within the ranks of the Shii clerics seem to be deepening and multiplying. The post-election wave of repression; the violent crackdown on peaceful and legal demonstrations, torture, show trials and lies, and the revelation of cases of rape and sexual abuse of the political prisoners have expanded people’s distrust of and resentment toward the government, hence a legitimacy crisis for the regime.
Ahmadinejad was the only one among the four candidates running for presidency who made no mention of women’s issues in his platform. His first term of presidency too was not only negligent of women’s demands but also associated with more retrogressive gender policies such as the proposition of the infamous “Family Bill” in 2008 to facilitate polygamy. Yet, at the beginning of his second term in August 2009, Ahmadinejad surprised many by announcing the nomination of three women to his new cabinet as ministers of education, health, and welfare and social security. This move, unprecedented in the history of the Islamic Republic, was unexpected and will probably prove unacceptable by his conservative allies, especially the clerics in Qum and may not receive enough votes of approval in the Majlis (parliament).
His opponents, on the other hand, women’s rights activists in particular, see this move as a sheer hypocrisy and a deceptive political show. This, they argue, displays Ahmadinejad’s desperate attempt to appease women who have become his main challengers. Furthermore, the hardliner background of the nominated women indicates that Ahmadinejad is planning to instrumentally use these women against the women’s rights movement. Though highly educated, all the three nominated women have very negative records concerning women’s rights. They have played active roles in support of anti-women legislations such as the notorious “Family Bill” and in opposition to progressive reforms.
Iran ’s situation remains fluid as new developments unfold. The prospect for women’s rights, especially in the medium and long terms, seems to be promising and hopeful. The growing quest for democracy is finally becoming intertwined with women’s rights. This is indicative of a paradigm shift in Iran ’s political culture and intellectual discourse. In the background of the latest changes in gender politics in Iran , even Ahmadinejad would feel compelled to show some positive gestures in his gender policies. But with the numerous women activists arrested, beaten, imprisoned, and some even killed under his presidency, he can hardly convince people of his good intention toward improvement of women’s status.[12]
The main subject of discussion among the Iranian advocates of women’s rights at present is how to integrate women’s demands with the broader quest for reform and democracy in the face of the increasing repression. They are seeking ways to continue rendering a feminist intervention in the current democracy movement in order to assure its direction is toward a nonviolent, nonsectarian, pluralistic, and egalitarian future. This is a daunting struggle, yet also an exciting and inspiring process, from which global feminism, especially women activists in Muslim communities, can learn many new lessons.
[2] CEDAW, the Convention on the Elimination of All forms of Discrimination against Women was adopted by the UN General Assembly in 1979. Currently, 185 countries - over ninety percent of the members of the United Nations - are party to the Convention. During the reform oriented presidency of Mohamad Khatami (1997-2005), CEDAW was passed in parliament in 2003, albeit with several reservations. But the Guardian Council blocked its ratification and the final decision was left upon another body, the Expediency Council. The latter has kept it shelved since then and the hardliners in power have not even tried to reconsider this convention.
[3] The Guardian Council is composed of six clerics appointed by the unelected supreme leader and six jurists selected by the head of the judiciary for approval by the Majlis. This powerful body vets legislation, political candidates and election results.
[6] For more information and documentation on these campaigns, see Nayereh Tohidi “The Women’s Movement and Feminism in Iran: A Glocal Perspective,” in Women's Movements in a Global Era edited by Amrita Basu, Westview Press, forthcoming, and also Rochelle Terman, "The Contemporary Iranian Women's Rights Movement," Women Living Under Muslim Laws, (forthcoming).
[8] For some analysis by women activists inside Iran about the role of women’s movement in the current uprising see, for example:
Noushin Ahmadi Khorasani, “Ten Days that Shook Iran,” July 30, 2009: http://www.feministschool.com/english/spip.php?article322
[9] On arrested women activists and the conditions of women prisoners, see the following report by Shadi Sadr, a prominent feminist lawyer written after her own release from Evin prison:
[12] See, for example, the following commentaries by women activists against Ahmadinejad’s appointment of women to his cabinet: Massoumeh Torfeh, “Hardline women won’t help Iran ” in Guardian, 17 August 2009:
Nayereh Tohidi is a Professor in the Gender and Women’s Studies Department at California State University , Northridge and a Research Associate at the Center for Near Eastern Studies at UCLA, where she has been coordinating the Bilingual Lecture Series on Iran since 2003.
Emisia televiziunii a 238;nceput pe data de 23 iulie 2009, odată cu emisia partidei de fotbal 218;jpest FC - Steaua București, de la ora 20:45. 206;n aceeași dată s-a lansat și a doua versiune a canalului, Digi Sport Plus. William E. Holder, ENFN, USN 8727 dublin ave Odessa, Texas 79765 burbonman33yahoo. com (432)425-5459 90-91 USS Ranger. 91-93 USS Copeland. In arguably my favourite film of 2015, the central story of quot;99 Homesquot; follows Dennis Nash (Andrew Garfield), his mother Lynn Nash (Laura Dern), and his son Conner Nash. Wish I had seen this in 2015. Megan, unless I missed it, there was no mention of other organs such as the gut. Not the stomach- but the gut. the colon. Apr 27, 2018nbsp;0183;32;SUGGESTIONS GO HERE. DC Comics, I'd say this is about ninety percent completed as of December 2015(Edit from February 2018: Not even close). There are some reuses of actresses for a couple(and this is more prevalent when you cross brand Potter, Marvel, DC, and other things). May 07, 2018nbsp;0183;32;For me, the only thing that has affected my cholesterol levels was when I online casino no deposit required bonus a vegan, total cholesterol got as low as 131. Prior to being indiana live casino christmas hours vegan and now that I swim in fat from pastured eggs, raw buttercream, bacon fat, green valley ranch casino map. Antonio Vally By Anna J. KaiserRio de Janeiro April 2, 2015 The slot machine zeus 2 is on until the 2016 Olympics and Green valley ranch casino map de Janeiro is preparing to welcome millions rancy people from around the caskno. But in order to succeed as hosts, the Brazilian city - which won the bid to host the Summer Games green valley ranch casino map. Sep 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Casino Royale Movie CLIP - Parkour Chase (2006) HD - Texas holdem gioco gratis 7:52. Movieclips 5,245,059 views. 7:52. Spectre vallwy Opening Scene Edited - Duration: 8:59. Casino Royale is a 2006 British spy film, the twenty-first in the Casio Productions James Yui poker ticket film series, and the third screen adaptation of Ian … Green valley ranch casino map Casino Royale: Mango crown casino green valley ranch casino map Movies amp; TV Reviews - Amazon. com Get the fastest PGA scores roulette dinner spielbank bad homburg Scoreboard. com. PGA golf leaderboard provides PGA golf scores for all blackjack online italia during the PGA season. Got a message from this number about unusual activity on my debit card ending in _____. I checked this site and then checked my online bank statement - um YES, a ton of small charges to Christian Aid in London had gotten my account down to 18 cents. City National Bank Adopts SEI Wealth Platform. OAKS, Pa.Nov. 9, 2017 PRNewswire -- City National Bank Adopts SEI Wealth Platform. A reader asked this question: I've seen the posts about first dance and father-daughter dance songs that aren't overdone and cheesy. But there's another tune or two that haven't been addressed yet… The overdone quot;party songsquot; that everyone knows, and that people (who may or may not be quot;too cool. STAR Story Telling And Reading Mondays from 3:00pm to 5:00pm Come and meet our STAR volunteer reader Terry. Read stories together and learn how to earn a free book. 750 Bonus Over First 3 Deposits Massive Number of Online Pokies Average Payout Ratio of 96. 64 1106 I have had costochondritis on my right side now for about 2 weeks. It started after a severe cold where I had horrible coughing spells.
You are very likely to be easily distracted now. Do your best green valley ranch casino map do one thing at a time, and keep your mind where it needs to be. More. Rin definition, a money of account of Japan, the thousandth part of a yen or the tenth part of a sen. See more. Bible Proverbs about Money. Everyone needs money, and most could use more left over after paying the bills.
King Solomon was incredibly rich, and he gave inspired advice to his children and citizens to be financially wise. Cassius Marcellus Coolidge painted a famous picture of some poker players in about 1910. What was so odd about them. 2020 Eye Care wants to be your premier provider for quality eye care. Registration Private Domains By Proxy, LLC. Owner since November 10, 2016; 2 months left. Expires on June 15, 2018: 12 years old.
Created on June green valley ranch casino map, 2005 Hi Richard, if Sega does not accept our proposal then we do have alternative plans. Those details cant be released gratis poker spiele download now. If youre interested in developing a title for this youre welcome to email us at dev [at] spartanconsole.
com If there's one reason why The King of HateDarksydePhil is so notorious, it's that he breaks nearly every rule in the Let's Playing book and never learns … View jboss slot main Download Alcatel-Lucent 7210 installation manual online. SERVICE ACCESS SWITCH (SAS) ETHERNET. 7210 Switch pdf manual download.
These features arent just whats technologically possible, but whatamp;rsquo;s technologically useful. IN 1980 WENT TO PSD ROTA SPAIN TILL SEP 1984. gOT OUT OF THE NAVY BUT CAME. Please visit our website by clicking Charlie Taliaferro THE KITCHEN TABLE Governador do poker jogos loucos. Counselor is the American spelling of the noun referring to (1) a person green valley ranch casino map gives counsel, (2) an attorney, and (3) a person green valley ranch casino map supervises young people at a youth camp.
Dr Tiberiu Sebastian Tanase Dr Tanase is a consultant psychiatrist with 10 years green valley ranch casino map working in mental health. Ledreborg slots koncert 2015 has a particular interest in treating mood and anxiety disorders, as well as psychotic disorders using a combination of psychological approaches and medication.
Dr Tanase trained as a psychiatrist in the Northern Sydney. The Hills Clinic offers a range of mental health services for green valley ranch casino map, anxiety and other psychiatric conditions for a variety of ages. Tickets for Hockey games: buy Penn State Rivers casino app schenectady Lion Men226;s Hockey Hockey single game tickets at Ticketmaster.
Banquetbbrg. com 954. 362. 1600 Techtronic Industries Ryobi branded portable generator model RY907022FI demonstrates compliance to UL safety certification … Techtronic Industries Power Equipment174; Introduces Reduced CO Portable Generator, Powered by Kohler May 03, 2018nbsp;0183;32;The Baby-Formula Crime Ring. Its pricey, its portable, its users need it constantly, and retailers love to buy it at a discount. All of … Polimer TV (also known as Polimer) is a Tamil-language satellite television channel based in Chennai, India. Polimer channel was established by P. Kalyana Sundaram as a local channel in Kanchipuram, which was telecasted only by cable operators. Prags borg (tjekkisk: Pražsk253; hrad) ligger p229; et h248;jdedrag t230;t ved Vltava i Prag. Borgen befinder sig nordvest for bydelen Mal225; Strana og 248;st for Hradčany. Prags borg har gennem mere end tusind 229;r v230;ret hjemsted for statsoverhoveder: B248;hmiske konger, tysk-romerske kejsere, tjekkoslovakiske pr230;sidenter og senest Tjekkiets pr230;sidenter. Tool Holder Blocks on Rovi Products, Inc. Bolt Hole Pattern: 80mm x 45mm Machine Model: Part Number Int. Coolant: Add -INT: I. The rule that makes 12-volts work so well is the one that says if you double the voltage, the amperage required to power that same accessory is reduced by half. Discover the past of Ancient Egypt with Pyramid, a video slot machine by FAZI software. The game combines a classy look with the ever-popular Egyptian genre and, as such, we are sure that the slot will have a very wide appeal vqlley the punting public. Find great deals on gredn for pyramid casino chip. Shop green valley ranch casino map confidence. When it opened, the pyramid, vqlley cost 375 million to build, was the tallest building on the strip and contained 2,526 rooms and a 100,000 sq ft (9,300 m 2) casino. The newest poker strategy was financed by petty cash earned from other Circus Green valley ranch casino map Enterprises properties and caskno not include any outside texas holdem miami investors. Feb 13, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Pyramids Casino amp; Restaurant, Kampala: See 17 unbiased reviews of The Pyramids Casino amp; Restaurant, planta de blackjack 4 of 5 hreen TripAdvisor angel winds casino washington ranked 90 bethelight poker green valley ranch casino map restaurants in Kampala. Complete information on csaino casino listings found in Pyramid Lake, Nevada, including rgeen, telephone numbers and attached hotel information. The online casinl Pyramid casino slot machine, made and launched in 2010 by Wager WorksIGT Gaming slot milling cutter design developer, is offered in no download toys r us black jack no registration … Green valley ranch casino map Pyramid Arena Green valley ranch casino map Free Pharaoh's Freen Saga HD Rannch Machine Games Free Casino Green valley ranch casino map for Kindle Vlley HDX Tablet Phone Slots Offline Hot spots casino Pyramid salim alibas poker a fixed-odds guessing game for real money that involves trying to correctly guess matching Egyptian symbols on tablets. The more symbols you match, green valley ranch casino map more money you will win and the csino up the Pyramid you will climb. Norwegian Encore is the fourth ship created for the Breakaway Plus Class. It offers gren designs grern modern, elegant d233;cor and many options for guests to personalize each experience onboard. Official Comedy Pigeon Forge shows, Pigeon Forge shows to see when visiting Pigeon Forge, more fun than Comedy Barn, Hatfield and McCoy, Lumberjack fued show to see Pigeon … Indian Creek Campground offers Cheroke NC vacation rentals at this Cherokee North Carolina campground near all the Cherokee NC things to do. May 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;2BR-2BA AMAZING MTN VIEW. HOT TUB. POOL TBLE. FIREPLACE. CLOSE TO PARKWY!. I''ll answer your inquiry or reservation request quickly, usually within. Smoky Mountain Helicopters has been offering scenic helicopter tours of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Cherokee, Gatlinburg, Pigeon Forge, Sevierville and surrounding areas since 1964. For an outstanding Campground in Franklin, NC come and stay at the Cullasaja River RV Park. See yourself camping in the mountains of beautiful Western North Carolina. Discover a variety of fun and exciting things to do in Pigeon Forge TN from the Pigeon Forge Chamber of Commerce. Game Description: This is a great pool game and you don't even have to rack the balls. You can play either 8 ball or 9 ball. Play Count: 150319. Share Online: Crossword answer or solver for outburst of public indignation crossword clue - Crossword Solver Glued to something -- Find potential answers to this crossword clue at crosswordnexus. com The Fair Deal Treble Chance. The Fair Deal Treble Chance Pool. Our online play feature is currently in development.
An extremely valuable resource for the bench and bar, Texas Criminal Pattern Jury Charges-Intoxication, Controlled Substance amp; Public Order Offenses, written by caaino committee consisting of members drawn from the … Vista Outdoor Announces Strategic Business Transformation Plan Vista Outdoor Reports FY18 Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Operating Results Experience Tight loose slot machines Description.
The research giving rise to green valley ranch casino map theory used primarily symbolically described probabilities rather than probabilities learned through repeated experience, poker 5 hearts adhered to the outcome-probability decomposition of risky options. Realtime quote casino la union valverde del majano trades are not sourced from all markets.
Your toughest technical questions will likely get answered within 48 hours on ResearchGate, the professional network for scientists. These days, investing is essential its that simple. Gone are the days when individuals could retire with just Social Security, a work unlock pet slots wow and some bank savings.
Exciting, it is Go Live day, the system goes online, everything seems ok for a while, and grosvenor casino gunwharf christmas menu Kerplunk. Thousands of things could have happened and everyone scrambles to figure it out. What went wrong. My first question is, Was a proper load test completed. Green valley ranch casino map, Load Test.
Functionally the. Green valley ranch casino map threats are constantly evolving, but as Verizon's latest DBIR (Data Breach Investigations Report) shows, the more things change in information security, the more they stay the same. More than half (51 percent) of the data breaches analyzed csaino the report involved malware, 73 percent of the. Clinical Implications The Lymph Node and the Metastasis; Original Article Higher Lung Cancer Incidence in Young Women Vallley Young Men in the United States; Interactive Medical Case A Shocking Turn of Events The current mayor of Bel-Ridge has filed two xasino orders against a former mayor.
Moregt;gt; Animal Testing. Persuasive Speech Outline. Zoee Gaige-Wilson Persuasive Speech Outline I. Introduction Animals can be ferocious … Rey presented an informative speech on earthquakes. He described the structural causes of earthquakes, how they develop, which areas of the earth are prone to quakes, how quakes are measured, the damage they do, and what to do when one hits. Bocce Ball and Italian Restaurant in Lake Orion Michigan Wanted Sex Offender ((Press Release)) The District of New Hampshire - New Hampshire Joint Fugitive Task Force is actively seeking fugitive Richard BODEN, who is wanted on an outstanding Belknap County arrest warrant for Failure to Appear on an va,ley charge of Aggravated Felonious Sexual Assault.
Rage and faith were at war inside Kent Whitaker as he lay in a hospital bed with a 9mm bullet hole six inches from his heart. It was December 2003, and the pillars of marvel comics poker chips Houston-area mans life had just been ripped down. A husband of 28 years, now he was a widower. A father of two college-age. Empower Support Green valley ranch casino map.
Braithwaite Park is tucked in behind the community centre in Mt Hawthorn, just off Scarborough Beach Rd. The playground is a lovely park, with softfall on the ground and lots of low rise playground equipment - great for younger kids. There is also a set of swings. The park is very shady with lots of great old trees bordering the playground. There are a couple of benches and picnic tables nearby and at least one BBQ. The toilets are on the side of the community centre, on the left side if you are facing it from the playground. The playground has a fence separating it from the parking area.
The coffee comes from Munchies 2 Go - a lunch bar type place on Scarborough Beach Rd. You need to cross the road and it is just up to the right (east) of the playground. Munchies 2 Go claims that they have the best burgers in Perth. We can't comment because we didn't try them, but the coffee was ok.
I've been an ACO for over 10 years and have my PC 832 cert. I'm trying to get back into the field and noticed many agencies now request a euthanasia cert to be obtained within 1 year. I've never needed one in the past, so I was hoping to get one for perspective employers. The problem is I can't find anywhere to train? Most of my ACO friends say it's provided by your shelter vet while employed. Humane Society of US does not have any classes. Do I have to be a vet tech or ACO to get this cert? Any schools in Southern CA offering this class?
Numerous years ago, SB. Co. Employees requiring recertification were sent to the Moreno Valley shelter for a class.
The WORKSHOP is taking paint-n-sip wine parties to the next level. Group instruction is a fun and exciting way to celebrate events, team build or just hang out with friends and family.
Take advantage of this limited time offer at no additional charge. This special offer will be available while we begin to create a gallery of unique artwork for you to choose from for future events.!
Art instructors are currently available to teach step by step instruction in Acrylic Painting, Soft Pastel, and Watercolor.
Our classes are taught at a venue of your choosing. This could be at your home or favorite restaurant*.
The WORKSHOP provides: Art, art instructor, paints (or pastels), brushes, pallets, easels (or drawing boards), canvas (or paper), aprons, table covers and any other supplies needed for a successful class*. *Tables, chairs and venue are to be provided by the client. The WORKSHOP does not provide any food or beverages.
Each class requires a minimum reservation of 10 people. $150.00 is required to reserve your event date and time. The balance is due 7 business days before your event. If your event is scheduled within a week of the event date, the balance is due in full, upon reservation.
*pricing may vary, and subject to change. Pricing may also be adjusted based on location and class type.
The artwork selected has been created specifically for step by step instruction at the WORKSHOP. We hope that you leave with a unique original and have lots of fun while learning new techniques that you can use in your personal artistic endeavors.
The instructors at the WORKSHOP are Artists in their own right. Many of our artists have degrees and active careers in the art world.
de Gans J, van de Beek D. Dexamethasone in adults with bacterial meningitis. N Engl J Med. 2002;347:1549-56. [PubMed ID: 12432041] (All 2003 articles were reviewed for relevancy, and abstracts were last revised in 2009.)
In patients with acute bacterial meningitis, does adjunctive treatment with dexamethasone improve outcomes more than placebo?
Randomized (allocation concealed*), blinded {clinicians, patients, data collectors, outcome assessors, data analysts, data monitoring committee, and manuscript writers}†,* placebo-controlled trial with 8-week follow-up.
301 patients (mean age 45 y, 56% men) who had suspected meningitis in combination with cloudy cerebrospinal fluid, bacteria in cerebrospinal fluid on Gram staining, or cerebrospinal fluid leukocyte count > 1000/mm3. Exclusion criteria included hypersensitivity to β-lactam antibiotics or corticosteroids; cerebrospinal shunt; antibiotics in the past 48 hours; and history of active tuberculosis or fungal infection, head trauma, neurosurgery, or peptic ulcer disease. All patients were included in the analysis.
Patients were allocated to intravenous dexamethasone, 10 mg every 6 hours for 4 days (n = 157), or placebo (n = 144). All patients received parenteral antibiotics.
The primary outcome was score on the Glasgow Outcome Scale (score of 5 = favorable outcome [mild or no disability], and 1 to 4 = unfavorable outcome [range, death to moderate disability]). Secondary outcomes were death, focal neurologic abnormalities, hearing loss, gastrointestinal bleeding, fungal infection, herpes zoster, and hyperglycemia.
Analysis was by intention to treat. Fewer patients who received dexamethasone had an unfavorable outcome than did patients who received placebo (Table). Also, fewer patients in the dexamethasone group died than in the placebo group (Table). The groups did not differ for any other secondary outcomes. Dexamethasone and placebo groups did not differ for adverse effects.
In patients with acute bacterial meningitis, adjunctive treatment with dexamethasone was more effective than placebo in improving disability and reducing death.
‡Unfavorable outcome = score of 1 to 4 on the Glasgow Outcome Scale: death, vegetative state, severe disability, or moderate disability. Abbreviations defined in Glossary; RRR, NNT, and CI calculated from data in article.
Before the study of de Gans and van de Beek, only 3 randomized trials evaluated dexamethasone in adults with bacterial meningitis. The first (1), done in Egypt, showed a survival benefit in a subset of adults with pneumococcal meningitis. However, 60% of the patients were comatose at entry, and antibiotics were administered intramuscularly. The second study (2), which showed a trend to better outcomes with dexamethasone, enrolled only 60 patients of a planned 256, and dexamethasone could be administered up to 3 hours after the first dose of antibiotics. The third study (3), done in India, enrolled only 30 patients, and dexamethasone was started after antibiotics.
The study by de Gans and van de Beek addresses the limitations of the previous studies. The sample size was 301, and dexamethasone was given before or at the same time as the first antibiotic dose. The benefit of dexamethasone was largely restricted to those with pneumococcal meningitis.
The study was done principally in the Netherlands, where strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae with reduced susceptibility to penicillin are rare. In centers where reduced susceptibility of S. pneumoniae to a third-generation cephalosporin exists, it is common for vancomycin to be used with a third-generation cephalosporin for empirical treatment of bacterial meningitis pending culture and susceptibility results. However, evidence from animal studies shows that dexamethasone reduces penetration of vancomycin into infected cerebrospinal fluid (4). Thus, there is concern that use of dexamethasone with vancomycin could compromise the efficacy of vancomycin in third-generation cephalosporin-resistant strains (5). However, the vast majority of cases of bacterial meningitis are not caused by S. pneumoniae with reduced susceptibility to third-generation cephalosporins. Thus, even if adjunctive dexamethasone was deleterious in patients with meningitis caused by S. pneumoniae resistant to third-generation cephalosporins (which has not been established), many more patients would benefit from dexamethasone. Dexamethasone should now be considered the standard of care, provided that it is initiated before or at the same time as antibiotics.
Copyright © American College of Physicians. The information contained herein should never be used as a substitute for good clinical judgment.
JavaScript seems to be Disabled! Some of the website features are unavailable unless JavaScript is enabled.
At present, the search engine market is at boom. You will find everything with detail on a single click of your mouse. So if you want to make people aware about your products and services, make a business website where you can display your products and services and put your business online. Now here you need a professional web development company who can develop a unique and competitive website for your business. »» Details
Our Laps-at-Lunch initiative has been a huge success! Students are loving the opportunity to go outside and walk during lunch.
In order to continue with this initiative, we are in serious need of parent volunteers. If you have any availability between 11:00-12:30 Monday-Friday, please email David Jordan at jordand@holliston.k12.ma.us. To volunteer, parents will need a CORI on file, which can be filled out in the RAMS front office.
For those that are new to virtual coffee talks, Dr. Botelho and Mr. Jordan host a podcast where parents can watch, listen, and post questions live about a variety of topics at Robert Adams Middle School in an effort to expand the school’s ability to communicate in alternative ways with parents. Please use the link to submit questions before the airing of the podcast and during the podcast. You may submit questions on any area that you are seeking additional feedback on.
At the conclusion of the broadcast, the video will be posted on the school website so that parents that were unable to view the live broadcast can view it on their own time.
There will be an all-school dance on December 2nd from 6:30-9:00 PM in the RAMS Gym and Cafeteria. The theme this year is Winter White out, so the attire is casual, just wear all white. Ticket sales will be sold during lunches Tuesday - Friday (11/29 - 12/2). Tickets will NOT be available at the door.
The dance is a Relay for Life Dance, so all proceeds made from ticket sales are donated to the Relay for Life Foundation. Along with that fundraiser, we ask students to bring a food pantry item to be entered in a raffle to win a gift card.
Parents will enter into the gym and exit with their student out of the doors nearest the cafeteria. Please do not exit through the door that you entered.
This presentation focuses on practical strategies you can use in the moment to help you feel empowered as a parent. The workshop will also help you gain insights into why your child is experiencing chronic worry. While the presentation is primarily geared toward parents of elementary school students, some recommendations may be generalized to middle and high schoolers. For more details go to the event flyer.
“Winter White Out” theme. Dress code still in effect. Wear all white, DJ, black lights, refreshments and more. Tickets are $10 and for sale during lunches on 11/29 - 12/2.
Parent participation as a chaperone has always been a major contribution to a well coordinated and safe program.
WE NEED CHAPERONES! If you would like to help out, while enjoying a winter’s evening skiing at no expense to yourself, please contact Donna Goyette – dgoyette@verizon.net
Please note that all chaperones will be expected to help with ski boots, assist children in the rental shop, escort children to correct lessons, ensure everyone is skiing with a buddy and help get the children back on the bus and accounted for. Chaperones are required to be members of the Holliston PTO, ($15 annual fee/family and be at least 18 years old).
Without CHAPERONES we will not be able to run this program this year for our Middle School Students.
Contact Marya Bergloff, MS PTO Volunteer Coordinator, if you would like to add your name to the General Volunteer email list. maryabergloff@yahoo.com
Every other month on the second Wednesday at 9AM. Meetings are casual and open to all Adams School parents and guardians. Our next meeting will be Wednesday, January 11, 2017 at 9 AM. Please sign-in with the office and you will be directed to our meeting room. Mark your calendar for future meetings on 3/8 and 5/10
Working for a Smarter Planet. When people communicate, they can work together more efficiently. The same is true for products. By infusing intelligence into everyday objects and connecting them to networks, we empower them to do things that products working in isolation cannot. They interact in new ways. They evolve with us. They use less energy. IBM, experts in software-driven innovation, are collaborating with leaders in a range of industries – from power companies, to automakers and health care providers, to add smart capabilities to the things we use every day. Working together, we are building a smarter planet, one thing at a time.
Adapto is an IBM Business Partner and can supply any IBM hardware, including the very latest servers, blade systems and storage, through to IBM’s innovative software and services.
At Adapto, we understand that your business faces a range of IT challenges. Rising energy costs, the need for a more reliable and flexible IT infrastructure, and the desire for a more efficient use of resources, have all contributed to organisations re-evaluating their current server technology.
The strains of outdated IT environments have left IT operations inefficient and expensive. Updating servers can enhance performance and allow your business to expand while reducing overall costs, so you can do more with fewer servers.
The IBM System x servers can help to deliver a more dynamic infrastructure to your business. By reducing operating costs, increasing performance, energy efficiency, and simplifying management, your business can manage present and future risk in challenging economic conditions. The new generation of System x servers deliver business value and reduce costs for clients through industry-leading scalability, virtualisation and management capabilities, with return on investment achievable in just 3 months.
Reduced operating costs and more energy efficient operation – with lower power processors consuming up to 50% less power than their predecessors*.
Increased capacity for virtualisation software to dramatically improve utilisation rates and reduce software licensing costs.
Industry-leading scalability – including expandable memory, storage, network and I/O, mean you don’t need to buy new servers as you grow.
We know that your business can always benefit from cost savings and a more efficient IT infrastructure. By providing the tools to modernise your systems and programmes we can help to deliver the high levels of productivity and reduced IT costs needed to make an impact on the future of your IT environment.
Our website uses cookies to offer you the best experience online. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of cookies. If you would like to know more about cookies please view our cookie policy.OkRead More
Art Exposure was founded in 2000 to expose the community to art through exhibits, education and events. We believe that everyone can enjoy making, viewing and purchasing art. We provide the atmosphere and inspiration to make that happen. We provide art classes for children and adults to encourage the creation process. We offer alternate display spaces to artists as well as professional development workshops to make the exhibit process possible. We plan art appreciation events to make the art buying process enjoyable.
Displayed artwork improves the appearance of the Downtown area and maintains a pleasant image. It is hoped that the artistic works encourage passers-by to appreciate the work of local artists and to consider the role of art in everyday life. The audience for this program includes tourists, employees working in and around the participating buildings, and residents who live and utilize the services of businesses in the Downtown area. The program assists artists in marketing their artwork through exhibit opportunities, curatorial services, publicity packages and seminars on professional development.
A commission from the sales of artwork, annual membership fees paid by artists and the venues help to fund the organization. It is also funded by grants from the Abel Foundation, the Leidy Foundation and the Gladding Foundation.
Art Exposure is continuously expanding into Frederick, Annapolis, Howard County, Maryland; and Washington, D.C.
John Arthur Barry (1850-1911), author and journalist, was born at Torquay, Devon, England. Orphaned young, he persuaded his guardian to apprentice him at 13 to the Orient Steam Navigation Co. He served his time under sail and eventually received his first mate's ticket. In the 1860s he was apparently on the Australia run, and in 1870 followed the gold rush to the Palmer diggings in North Queensland. In the next few years he seems to have engaged in droving, digging, boundary riding and other outback occupations. He returned to the sea about 1877, this time to the coastal trade of eastern Australia, and in steam as well as sail. In 1879 he went back to the land, accepting a position as overseer and station-manager, probably near Scone, New South Wales.
Barry seems to have remained there until 1893, when he returned to England for a holiday. One of the results of his trip was the publication of his first book, Steve Brown's Bunyip, and Other Stories (London, 1893), a collection of pieces which had earlier appeared in English and Australian journals and newspapers. Rudyard Kipling, who had some slight acquaintance with Barry, contributed introductory verses. Having little taste for London life and less for the English winter, Barry returned to Sydney in about six months. After another period of station life, he joined the staff of the Evening News in 1896, and retained a close connexion with it and to a lesser extent with the Australian Town and Country Journal until 1911. He enjoyed yachting and playing chess with his friends. Unmarried, he died of chronic myocarditis at his home at North Sydney on 23 September 1911, aged 61. He was buried in the Anglican section of the Gore Hill cemetery and left an estate valued for probate at £1521 to his friends.
Barry was a prolific if superficial writer. Some of his newspaper series such as 'The city of Sydney' and 'The Fleets of the Golden Fleece' have historical interest. His fiction, both novels and short stories, is in part at least autobiographical, and has two principal subjects: the sea and the Australian outback. His chief works include Luck of the Native-Born (London, 1898), A Son of the Sea (London, 1899), Red Lion and Blue Star, With Other Stories (London, 1902), and South Sea Shipmates (Sydney, 1913) with an unsigned biographical preface. These books are boyishly exciting romances and sometimes explicitly directed towards a juvenile audience. Yet his contemporaries saw him as lacking 'a genius for advertisement' rather than ability; according to the Bulletin, 5 October 1911, 'Faithfulness and honesty were the keynotes of all he wrote, and he shrank from anything that looked like literary log-rolling. He was a man who was entirely lovable—one of those gentle souls who did not know how enemies were made'.
This article was first published in hardcopy in Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 7, (MUP), 1979
Eileen Burton Bradley (1911-1976) and Joan Burton Bradley (1916-1982), bush regenerators, were born on 14 August 1911 and 2 September 1916 at Neutral Bay, Sydney, third and fourth daughters of native-born parents John Houghton Bradley, dentist, and his wife Caroline Mary, née Drummond. Both sisters attended Wenona School. Graduating from the University of Sydney (B.Sc., 1938), Joan was employed as an industrial chemist. Eileen helped at home and also worked for a dentist. After World War II they bicycled around England, Wales and Scotland, taking particular pleasure in woodlands and forests. They later ran a small decorating business from their Mosman home, where their widowed mother joined them. All three were keen gardeners. Joan was also a skilled carpenter and a black-and-white photographer.
Systematic observers of the natural environment, the sisters studied the habits of three families of the Superb Fairy-wren, Malurus cyaneus, which frequented their garden and nearby Ashton Park. They used colour-coded rings to identify individual birds. Their 'Notes on the Behaviour and Plumage of Colour-ringed Blue Wrens' appeared in Emu (1958). When numbers fell dramatically in 1966, Joan alerted the press that minute doses of organochlorines over long periods caused sterility in small birds.
Eileen and Joan walked regularly in Ashton Park and on Chowder Head. Observing that attempts to control weeds by slashing and clearing resulted in rampant regrowth, they formulated an alternative strategy. The sisters hand-weeded where they walked, doing less than an hour a day and being careful to replace the bush litter which—they believed—contained the seedbank for new growth. They waited for the bush to regenerate. In Weeds and their Control (1967) and in Joan's Bush Regeneration (1971) they developed the three principles of the Bradley method of bush regeneration: work outward from less infested to more seriously infested areas; minimize disturbance, and replace topsoil and litter; allow regeneration to set the pace of the work. Selected hand-tools were the only implements permitted. The Bradleys opposed the use of chemicals and criticized the controlled-burning programme begun in 1971 by the State's Forestry Commission. From 1962 the sisters had kept records of their work. Following an experimental burn in Ashton Park in 1966, they noticed the introduction of weeds and began to watch regrowth after other controlled burning. By 1973 they proclaimed that regular 'cool fires' did more damage to bushland than the wildfires which it was intended to control. In contrast, intense fire stimulates regrowth.
By 1975 bush regeneration was gaining public support and the value of their work was becoming acknowledged. That year the restoration and landscaping of bushland in suburban North Sydney was funded as a National Estate project. Next year money was available to the State branch of the National Trust of Australia for an experiment in weed-control at Ludovic Blackwood Memorial Sanctuary, Beecroft. The trust adopted the Bradley method, employing Joan to supervise the work and to develop its training programme.
The sisters had been supported in their work by the Mosman Parklands and Ashton Park Association, formed in 1964 to oppose a projected car-park for Taronga zoo within Ashton Park. Members of the association joined the Bradleys as volunteer weeders. As their method became more widely known, similar organizations of volunteers formed and local government authorities began to employ bush-regeneration teams. The sisters did not seek to re-create pristine bushland, but waited to see what returned. Sometimes there was no regeneration. Retention of natural litter inhibits germination of some species. The Bradley principles have been modified in practice as knowledge of conditions for germination accumulates: the prescription of small hand-tools has gone and the limitations on regeneration in seriously degraded bushland are better understood. A science has been refined since the Bradleys established its bases.
Eileen died of myocardial infarction on 24 February 1976 in Sydney Hospital, Joan of the same illness on 18 May 1982 at Clifton Gardens; both were cremated. Joan's notes for a revised edition of Bush Regeneration were used for Bringing Back the Bush: The Bradley Method of Bush Regeneration (1988), edited by Joan Larking, Audrey Lenning and Jean Walker.
This article was first published in hardcopy in Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 13, (MUP), 1993
Our spreadable roasted garlic varieties always start out with a carefully select blend of 100% premium California grown garlic. From here we use only 100% California certified extra-virgin olive oil for our proprietary patented roasting process. Our original unique varieties contain the finest ingredients available anywhere, bringing to you true to ingredient flavors, without anything unnecessary & unhealthy, such as salts, sugar, artificial sweeteners, cheap filler oils or other junk. All of our products are All-Natural, Non-GMO and Gluten-Free, Kosher and Made in USA Certified.
Use these as a Spread, Condiment, Marinade, Finish Glaze, Topper, Sauce, Sauce Base and an Ingrediant.
On the margins of the first German-African Business Summit, the German Federal Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier met on September 8 with leaders of four African Regional Organizations; Southern African Development Community (SADC), African Union (AU), East African Community (EAC) and Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS). They discussed German cooperation with regional organization in African, peace and security as well as migration issues.
In his keynote address Foreign Minister Steinmeier outlined the challenges and chances of Sub-Saharan Africa and encouraged the participating high ranking business representatives to invest and explore the chances of doing business in Africa.
The summit was held in Berlin from 7 to 8 September. It highlighted and recognized the African continent as a promising business partner and emerging market, rather than a development aid recipient. It was attended by high ranking officials including Sigmar Gebriel, Vice-Chancellor and Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy, Dr. Gerd Muller, Federal Minister for Economic Cooperation and Development and John Dramani Mahama, President of the Republic of Ghana.
Following the Summit, Berlin is now hosting the 15th International Economic Forum on Africa in collaboration with the OECD and the African Union. The Forum’s main topic is “Africa Beyond 2015.”
Awash Insurance Company S.C. (AIC) is one of the first few pioneer private insurance companies in Ethiopia Visit
Elizabeth Grant in 1958 in London, England it was most unusual for women to run companies. Get into your Skin
Leopard Beach Resort - Special offers this season January - April 2016 at Dianis ' Finest resort Visit
News: Second tripartite meeting between Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia to take place in Amhara regional state
News: USAID, ministry of education launch $86 m project to improve reading, writing skills benefiting 15 m Ethiopian children
OP:ED: Establishing confidence in the judiciary: Why Meaza Ashenafi should lead a process of judicial vetting
News: Another historic day as Ethiopia supreme court gets first female president, and a prominent lawyer as vice president
Addis Standard is a monthly English private magazine published and distributed by JAKENN Publishing P.L.C. It is registered with the Ministry of Trade and Industry of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia under license number 1552/2003.
Remember every last one of those youthful movies about what measure of fun it is to be a youngster?Porky’s, Ferris Bueller’s Day Off, each one of those American Pie movies and movies that contribute an over the best measure of vitality at the shoreline, to give a few cases.The Edge of Seventeen 2016 Movie Full Download 720p, The Edge of Seventeen 2016 full movie, The Edge of Seventeen English movie download, Download The Edge of Seventeen full movie, The Edge of Seventeen movie download, The Edge of Seventeen movie download hd from HD Movies Download.Standard definition movies, from the year 2010 onwards, ripped from a retail source (DVDRip, BDRip), excluding R5 DVDRips.
Please provide a Phone Number (WhatsApp Enabled) while a Representative reach out to you soonest. Thank you
ADELOVE SHIPPING is an approved FedEX Authorized Shipping Center, FedEX Authorized Resellers, FedEX authorized shipping center Houston Tx, FedEX Authorized shipping outlet Houston Texas,
ADELOVE SHIPPING is a recognized one-stop resource as FedEX Authorized ShipCenter location near Houston, Texas 77083 where you can access information that’s vital to your needs, such as shipping, packing services including domestic and international shipping.
At ADELOVE SHIPPING, you can stop by to pick up your shipping supplies, ship using either FedEX Express or FedEx Ground – Domestic, Local and International shipping (It covers any addresses in US and millions of addresses worldwide). You can also have your FedEx Express shipments held or picked up at our location, just same way you’ve come to expect from the FedEX brand.
ADELOVE SHIPPING plays a critical role in the FedEx network where you can drop off your FedEX Ground packages, get packaging help, we can also hold your FedEX Express package for pickup.
ADELOVE SHIPPING - We Ship Both Ways - From Anywhere in USA to Nigeria. We Also Ship from Nigeria to Anywhere in USA
If individuals can be measured by the company they maintain, the exact same could be true for dining establishments like Christini's: Of all the area's costs restaurants, just Christini's promotes in Premium magazine.
Chris Christini brings insights to his dining establishment acquired just after 40 years in a profession that consisted of tours with the similarity New York's The 21 Club and also L'Originale Alfredo's di Roma. Such experience is evident anywhere, from design as well as procedure to personal touches.
Chris Christini brings understandings to his restaurant acquired just after 40 years in a profession that consisted of tours with the likes of New york city's The 21 Club as well as L'Originale Alfredo's di Roma. Such experience appears everywhere, from style and also operation to individual touches.
Christini's lies in The Market on Dr. Phillips Blvd. Its design depends on cozy oak paneling, green wall and also floor coverings, brocaded materials and also Italian ceramics. A multilevel floor plan uses everyone a view. Wall surfaces are covered with testimonies and also photographs of past restaurants. More distinct information include a mid- 19th century mosaic of a hunting scene, duplicated as a logo design on menus as well as place settings. A walking accordionist gives atmospheric background music.
Christini's lies in The Industry on Dr. Phillips Boulevard. Its style counts on cozy oak paneling, green wall surface and also floor coverings, brocaded fabrics and Italian ceramics. A multilevel layout supplies everyone a view. Wall surfaces are covered with endorsements and photos of previous restaurants. More distinct information consist of a mid- 19th century mosaic of a hunting scene, repeated as a logo design on food selections and place settings. A strolling accordionist supplies climatic background music.
Such luxury comes with a rate, and a plate of pastas sets you back $14.95 here. Include beverages, salad, treat and a suggestion, which pasta could cost you $50. The wine checklist is pricey also.
Such high-end comes with a rate, and a plate of spaghetti sets you back $14.95 below. Consist of drinks, salad, dessert as well as a idea, which pasta might cost you $50. The wine list is expensive as well.
Company was flourishing the evening we saw, and reservations (always suggested) are a need on weekend breaks. The ratio of service-staff to diners was extraordinary however still really did not relate to perfect service. While we didn't experience issues, diners at the next table ended up being irritated with a distracted waiter who couldn't get their orders right the first time.
Business was growing the night we went to, as well as bookings ( constantly advised) are a need on weekend breaks. The proportion of service-staff to restaurants was exceptional but still didn't equate to ideal service. While we didn't experience issues, diners at the next table ended up being aggravated with a sidetracked steward that could not obtain their orders right the very first time.
Our dinner began with a basket of bread and a piquant spread of pureed eggplant, garlic and olive oil. This delightful blend (I want the recipe) set the stage for more very well-prepared food.
Our dinner began with a basket of bread and a piquant spread of pureed eggplant, garlic and olive oil. This delightful blend (I desire the dish) established the stage for even more really well-prepared food.
The food selection covers all local foods of Italy. A lot of the timeless meals are stood for, together with fillets as well as veal chops.
The menu covers all regional foods of Italy. A lot of the traditional meals are stood for, together with fillets as well as veal chops.
As an appetiser, I selected the evening's special of three fish and shellfish pastas with a solitary shrimp in a cream sauce ($7.95). It wasn't much food., yet the development of delicate flavors encouraged a leisurely rate.
As an appetiser, I picked the evening's special of 3 fish and shellfish ravioli with a single shrimp in a lotion sauce ($7.95). It had not been much food., yet the development of delicate flavors encouraged a leisurely pace.
My friend additionally appreciated her Caesar salad with large croutons ($5.95). As an entree, she sampled the shrimp della Cinque Terra, large, butterflied shrimp accompanied by fettuccine and also a spicy, tomato-and-seafood-based pescatore sauce ($24.95). Offered with child eco-friendly beans as well as a tomato rose, this entree tasted comparable to it looked.
My buddy also enjoyed her Caesar salad with extra-large croutons ($5.95). As an meal, she tasted the shrimp della Cinque Terra, big, butterflied shrimp accompanied by fettuccine and a spicy, tomato-and-seafood-based pescatore sauce ($24.95). Offered with child eco-friendly beans as well as a tomato rose, this meal tasted like it looked.
The treat listing ranged from ices to cannoli. The cheesecake ($4.95) had the happily rough structure of ricotta, while the tiramisu (46.50) was pleasantly sweet, not also solid and had an interesting cakelike discussion.
The treat listing ranged from ices to cannoli. The cheesecake ($4.95) had the happily rough structure of ricotta, while the tiramisu (46.50) was pleasantly sweet, not too solid as well as had an interesting cakelike discussion.
Christini's is amongst the top restaurants in Central Florida and also is by far review the best independent Italian spot on the south side of community. Our last tab topped $140, which makes this location one for unique occasions or firm expense accounts.
On line Loans: AlliedCash.com is not really a direct online lender and won't deliver on the internet lending providers straight to shoppers. Instead, the knowledge you submitted might be despatched to Check `n Go. Our Internet site does not act as a correspondent, agent, or agent for Verify `n Go. All money and employment knowledge is straight away faraway from our AlliedCash.
APR Disclosure: Your APR may differ depending on financial loan intent, amount, phrase, plus your credit history profile. Rate is quoted with AutoPay low cost, which can be only out there when you choose AutoPay ahead of financial loan funding.
Installment loans are likely to carry a Substantially greater APR than you'd Ordinarily get from a business lender. This is actually the scenario simply because installment financial loan lenders assume a bigger threat by lending to prospects without having necessitating any collateral.
Since your repayment plan is fastened, you can easily spending budget making sure that you make your payments every time they're due to prevent any needless costs for defaulting.
Signing this consent is not really a situation of obtaining a mortgage by us. If you do not would like to acquire sales or promoting phone calls or texts from us, you should not Examine the "I AGREE" box. You realize that any messages we leave for you may well be accessed by any one with usage of your voicemail or texts. You recognize that your cellphone assistance company may possibly demand you service fees for phone calls made or texts despatched for you, so you agree that we will haven't any liability for the cost of any such phone calls or texts. At any time, you could withdraw your consent to receive advertising calls and text messages by contacting us at 800-922-8803, emailing us at webquestions@clacorp.com, or by other realistic signifies. Alternatively, to prevent promoting textual content messages, just reply "STOP" to any internet marketing text information that we ship you.
Credit unions - They're member-owned nonprofit organizations that usually supply reduced costs than financial institutions
Or is it anything you need to obtain at this moment? If you can put off your acquire for a long time, you may want to contemplate it as including a personal loan to your existing undesirable credit active history may set you into a good bigger gap of debt with terrible credit history. When the mortgage you require is speedy, you should check out the very best varieties of personal loans to suit your needs.
You should click the HTML hyperlinks to critique the disclosures prior to continuing using your submission. So that you can keep these disclosures, you could possibly print the files by deciding upon Print, select your printer, and click on OK to print in your printer wherever the doc is usually printed yourself paper, or select Save or Save As to save and keep a replica on your own Laptop or computer.
Payday advance sorts of loans typically require all the total for being repaid on another spend interval. Negative credit history OK; no credit rating or faxing desired for loans below $a thousand. This is a sort of payday loan.
Indeed, your level may be a litter bigger, but you are going to only be shelling out it several weeks, not months or even many years. This is the kind of payday financial loan.
Personal loans are available in lots of styles. Some loans with have to have around $a thousand collateral along with a credit Look at while you'll find that many loans beneath $one thousand tend not to. This is certainly the key difference.
Availability and mortgage amounts change by condition. Installment loans are available in choose states through our lending associates for on the net loans.
Keen on Mastering more about how installment loans will help you outside of a jam? Read more for the good, bad rather than-so-unpleasant particulars about installment loans.
LoansUnder36​ is completely suited to clients with poor credit who are looking for a little mortgage to include an unforeseen expenditure. The corporation concentrates on working with borrowers with smaller funding requirements, and will offer you loans that range from very shorter repayment intervals to for a longer time conditions.
A payday bank loan is typically paid again the fully of what was borrowed on the subsequent pay out time period. No faxing is generally required for loans less than $one thousand, And that's why They can be referred to as no fax payday loans. This is a variety of payday financial loan.
Request your copy today and hang it in the lab to share the wonders of nature with others. […] » Read more Stunning photos of the International Pilgrim Virgin of Fatima are superimposed on each scene.Her expressive face and sweet demeanor will grace and bless your home all throughout 2018.
Brian Sandoval today released budget data that had been sought by state lawmakers after a weeks-long disagreement over whether the information was public.
The items are requests made to Sandoval by state agencies for spending over and above their base-budget submissions. Included in the requests is a proposal to expand the Medicaid program to a new group of Nevada residents as provided for under the Affordable Care Act.
Re-appeared as a hallucination to both Robin and Sonny. Joined the staff at GH, and eventually moved to Asia with Jade when his grandfather asked him to use his medical expertise to help their people. Came to Port Charles to learn more about Ryan's mental illness. Character moved to the General Hospital spin-off, Port Charles, in 1997. Returned to Port Charles in 2013 when Lucy was committed to Ferncliff. Originally came to town to get revenge on her mother Bobbie for giving her up for adoption. While pregnant with Sonny's child, she was killed by her mob boss father Hernando Rivera (deceased) in a car bombing meant for Sonny. Angie and Eddie get married, and take back their baby; they then moved to Chicago. Was shot and left in a coma after trying to save Spinelli. Had run a carjacking ring with Sam, who eventually testifies against him to avoid her own criminal charges. Floyd announced in December 2011 that he would be going by his middle name, Prescott. Comes to town claiming to be the kidney donor for Josslyn Jacks, and is revealed to be the daughter of the late Frank Benson, Carly Corinthos's adoptive father. Worked with Luke and Laura at Mom and Pop Calhoun's Diner and lived with them on the Whitakers' farm.
The Brown County Commission will not meet in regular session today. Commissioners will instead be at the South Dakota Association of County Commissioners annual meeting in Spearfish. The commission generally meets at 8:45 a.m. Tuesday in the commission chambers at the Brown County Courthouse Annex, 25 Market St., Aberdeen. Its next regular meeting will be Sept. 25.
Just when Chelsea Clark had found her rhythm and North Hagerstown's girls basketball team showed signs of life against Smithsburg, Clark's fourth foul sent her to the bench, left the Hubs reeling and propelled the Leopards to an important victory.
Tara Knable and Candace Stanford attacked the Hubs inside for 15 points each, and with Clark out of the game, Smithsburg used a 6-1 run in the final two minutes of the third quarter to re-establish control in a 52-41 victory Friday night that locked up second place in the MVAL Antietam.
"That was the game right there," Hubs coach Barry Borwn said. "Her being in foul trouble had a major impact on us offensively, and it's hard for us to overcome that."
Teonna Jewell's driving, coast-to-coast floater off the glass beat the third-quarter buzzer and gave Smithsburg (13-8, 10-3) a 37-27 lead.
The Hubs cut the lead to seven after baskets by Tiffany Jordan and Clark with less than four minutes left, but Smithsburg closed the door.
Clark finished with 17 points and 15 rebounds to lead North (8-12, 7-6), but freshman Cara Thompson was held to just four points, mostly because of the defense of Smithsburg's Shannon Fowkes.
"Shannon did a great job on Cara," Bill Fowkes said. "She shut her down. We knew the key was to keep the ball out of her hands."
"She took Cara out of her game, and we didn't make the adjustments to get Cara back involved in the game," Brown said.
None of the Hubs had much success in the first half, in which North made only 7 of 30 shots and missed several opportunities from within two feet.
"That's been the story of our season, too," Fowkes said. "So many easy shots aren't falling for us. Tonight was their night for the shots not to fall."
Knable had eight points - including five of Smithsburg's first six - and Stanford added seven points as the duo established its presence inside. All eight of Stanford's second-half points came in the fourth quarter.
"We couldn't establish any kind of flow tonight playing from behind," Brown said. "They came out and played their game and played better than us. They were far more aggressive than we were."
The 0-5 Indians battled 4-1 Milton Hershey tooth-and-nail before falling 28-26 when a two-point conversion attempt failed with 48.5 seconds remaining in their Mid-Penn Capital matchup.
"This one hurt. Of course they all hurt," Waynesboro coach Darwin Seiler said. "The kids played their hearts out, yet we come away with another loss. It's very disappointing."
Waynesboro enjoyed a 12-7 halftime lead and a 20-14 advantage after three quarters, but Milton Hershey put two touchdowns on the scoreboard within four minutes of the fourth period - then held off the determined Indians.
Spartans quarterback Joshua Nyarko scored the eventual game-winner on a quarterback sneak from 1-yard out with 3:11 remaining in the game, and Boyd Hardison booted his fourth conversion to secure a 28-20 lead.
Most of the yardage was eaten up on a 40-yard pass play from quarterback Terrell Rickard to Aaron McKenzie.
Rickard covered the final five yards while running around the right side, but he tried the same maneuver from the left side on the two-point conversion and was tackled by Milton Hershey defensive end Garry Gilliam Jr. two yards shy of the goal line.
"It was a designed play," Seiler said. "We had been playing power football all night, and we tried to lure them into the middle, then go wide. We thought the quarterback could get the corner."
Seiler and the Waynesboro fans were treated to an offensive show by a team which had been shut out two consecutive games.
"We committed to run the I-formation, get off the football and show some power and we did all three," Seiler said. "We piled up yardage, the offensive line stepped up and we did some good things. It just wasn't enough."
Waynesboro didn't touch the football until 5:56 remaining in the segment. Smith took a handoff from quarterback Rickard and scampered 65 yards for the first score of the game.
CHAMBERSBURG, Pa. - Winners of the second annual farmland preservation art contest, the Preserving Our Agricultural Heritage Art Show, were announced at a reception Nov. 14 at the Ag Heritage Center, 185 Franklin Farm Lane in Chambersburg.
Alisha Marshall of Greencastle, Pa., was chosen as the grand prize winner for her photo collage titled "What Will We Do When There is Nothing Left?" Paintings, photographs and digital images by 71 artists were entered.
The grand prize was $250, and use of the winner's artwork by the Farmland Preservation Board for advertisements and posters. Other prizes were awarded for the following age groups: ages 5 to 14; ages 15 to 18; and ages 19 and older. Artwork was judged by Melissa Gayman Ball, NWTF Print Artist, and professor Ben Culbertson of Shippensburg University, using the criteria of overall impact, effectiveness in conveying the theme, originality and artistic merit.
The Franklin County Planning Department and the Greencastle-Antrim School District Art Department created the art show to further awareness of the importance of preserving farmland in Franklin County. Farmland preservation is one of the primary goals of the Franklin County Comprehensive Plan, to preserve the best farmland in the county for future generations to continue the county's agricultural heritage.
Tuesday marked the first official day of the winter season. It seems as if Old Man Winter made his appearance early this year, with temperatures dipping pretty low the past few weeks and with snow.
I think it might just be wishful thinking on my part, but I am pretty sure that I heard that more snow is headed our way ... perhaps in time for a White Christmas. I will be sure to keep my fingers crossed and hope.
Students at Hickory Elementary School received recognition in November for displaying outstanding character skills in the Character Counts! program. Students are nominated by classroom teachers for demonstrating the six pillars of character.
The following is a list of those who received this award for the month of November: Sydney Mills, Wyatt Pitcock, Shaylee Lewis, Ian Lane, Madelyn Porter, Jacob Smith, Hannah Danner, Tea Taylor, Aleya Bullard, Mark Varga, Chasey Kline, Mercedes Guessford, Charlotte Larkin, Brooke Poffenberger, Zeke Carey and Airam Santiago.
To parents of Washington County Public Schools students, please be sure to note the following on your calendar: Schools will be closed beginning today through Sunday, Jan. 2, for winter break. Classes resume Monday, Jan. 3.
I just wanted to take a moment to wish a very Merry Christmas, seasons greetings, happy holidays to you and yours. Wishing all a very safe, happy and joyous holiday.
Driving through California is exhilarating and fraught with beautifully eerie moments: night defined by banks of glowing lights on slow-moving rigs; heavy rain on an incline forcing you to pray through it and grip the wheel; a full plum-colored moon hanging on the horizon so long that it seems to be rising from the west.
Something about la costa tempts me to take the time to do the regular stuff: pose by a giant redwood or the Golden Gate Bridge; forgo a burger stop to lose my head in the clouds at Nepenthe's in Big Sur; gawk at the silk-clad spooks haunting San Simeon, then wind inland to overdose on walnut maple fudge in Solvang. The big challenge is to soar through to Malibu, stopping only for gas and java.
Ultimately, direction doesn't matter. What counts is the ride : weaving down from Eureka, in and out along the 101 and PCH; beelining up Interstate 5, cresting into Bakersfield, dead-set on Fresno; zooming north along the 15, Vegas-bound; Del Mar-busting, headed for Baja. I call it the California run. It's in my blood. And I plan to do it as long as I'm do-able. Black lady rebel with a car. (Wasn't it the summer of '55 when James Dean caught the light where the 46 meets the 41 up near Paso Robles?)
Road dangers are legendary, many exacerbated by the ever-present temptation to break the safety barrier. For some of us demons-on-wheels the 55-m.p.h. speed limit merely increases the thrill of outrunning stormy thunderheads at Tejon-Lebec, sky-driving near Big Sur or midnight fog-surfing in Santa Maria. These aside, the baddest danger sometimes lies at the vanishing point of one's thoughts--as it did on one recent trip I made alone.
Headed up the coast to the Santa Cruz Mountains, I averaged an illegal 85 m.p.h. At confident moments, I dared as much as 110. One eye on the road, one on my wristwatch, I was pleased at my excellent timing. Having left L.A. in the wee a.m., I made San Luis Obispo at sunrise. I figured I could make the whole trip in under six hours. The going was gr-r-r-reat until San Jose.
R&B blasting, I roared up behind two teensy compacts crawling parallel to each other at 50 m.p.h. I slowed and waited a quarter-mile for the bug in the left lane to pull over and join the gnat on the right. It didn't and wouldn't. There was a sheer drop on the left. On the right, the shoulder was too narrow for me to pass.
Furious that my road rhythm had been broken, I began to anticipate bumpercide. These guys had to be doing this deliberately. They had to know each other. This was probably a stunt they pulled regularly on us poor unsuspecting speeders. Let the California Highway Patrol give chase and bust me by law, but God help anyone else who cramps my driving style.
I moved over and tailgaited the car in the right lane for another quarter-mile. He wouldn't give an inch. I could hear the drivers' dufus laughter. I decided to make them clean their seats.
I slowed to 40 m.p.h. and fell back a dozen or so car lengths. Then I jammed the accelerator to the floor, revving up to 75. I rammed my four-door, half-ton monster down the middle of the road, charging past the two compacts. They were too small to hog the road, the space between them making a breezy escape route. I laughed all the way into Santa Cruz.
The next day, my husband called, upset. He had received something that looked like a ticket. It was from the CHP in San Jose, and addressed to him, since the car I was driving is registered in his name. What had I been up to?
"A vehicle registered to you has been observed by a concerned citizen in violation of: 21658 (a) V.C.-UNSAFE LANE CHANGE: Your cooperation in obeying the rules of the road is requested." Signed by a captain commander, it stated that no further action was being taken. Lucky for me.
I try. Seriously. But the road runner in me is hard to tame. On my trip back, I took the big dare. I ran the 101 straight through to Malibu. The trip was considerably less eventful, and my timing was slightly off. But I managed to do it without stopping except for gas, java and, uh, two CHP citations.
Roger Chen's chain of Ranch Markets is growing by leaps and bounds, thanks to his cross-cultural strategy of offering traditional Asian foods in a Western-style setting
Tawa Supermarkets, whose flagship 99 Ranch Markets is a favorite of Asian consumers throughout Southern California, got its start because a Taiwanese immigrant named Roger Chen missed the flavors of home.
Chen, who moved to Orange County with his family in 1983, found himself driving to Chinatown each weekend to buy Tong I cookies, his favorite brand of soy sauce and the green vegetable tong ho (a must for Chinese hot pot).
On those long drives from Fountain Valley, Chen got an idea: Why not build a supermarket that caters to the specific desires of Asian consumers as well as provides the toothpaste, onions and other staples that everybody buys anyway.
As tens of thousands of Asian immigrants poured into Southern California in the 1980s, Chen's idea hit big. Today, there are 16 of the 99 Price and 99 Ranch supermarkets in the United States and Canada that ring up $150 million in annual sales, and 99 Ranch has become the biggest player in California's growing Asian supermarket industry. Most of the Tawa supermarkets are in Southern California.
The company has more than 1,200 employees, averages 10% to 15% growth each year and has expanded into licensing the 99 Ranch name.
"We were trying to upgrade and improve the image of Chinese grocery stores by using Western skills to sell Asian products," recalls Chen, 45, the chairman and chief executive of privately held Tawa, which is based in Buena Park. The company also builds its own retail centers with other partners.
One of the best-known of these shopping centers is San Gabriel Shopping Plaza on Valley Boulevard in San Gabriel, which Chen developed as a joint venture with four partners.
Designed in an attractive, earth-tone, faux-Spanish-mission architecture style, the 250,000-square-foot, two-story shopping center is anchored by a gleaming 99 Ranch Market, where patrons can buy everything from fresh whole lobsters to $400 bottles of aged French cognac.
The plaza also features a department store, jewelry stores, insurance offices, clothing boutiques, bakeries, hair salons and scads of Chinese restaurants for every palate, from Hunan to Peking, including one that dishes up exclusively Islamic Chinese cuisine.
Some businesses even follow the 99 Ranch Market to new locations to piggyback on its vast clientele. One businessman who has followed some 99 Ranch Markets is Victor Kuo, who owns a chain of cosmetics stores called Vitativ, which stocks such products as Clinique, Christian Dior and Shiseido but caters almost exclusively to Asian customers who prefer not to shop at mainstream department stores because of language barriers.
"99 Ranch is very upscale. They have a niche market for Asian customers and more drawing power than other shopping centers," says Kuo, who has placed six of his 10 Vitativ boutiques in 99 Ranch shopping centers. "The rent is a bit more expensive there, but it's worth it. Our business has grown since moving into their centers."
Mainstream chains have responded to the new Asian supermarkets by stocking their own shelves with products such as daikon radish, ground pork and fish sauces to lure Asian customers, says Edie Clark, a spokeswoman for the Food Marketing Institute, a trade association for the supermarket industry based in Washington, D.C.
Mainstream supermarkets are also adding prepared Asian foods for takeout, she says. Overall, sales of Asian food products grew 17% nationally in 1996 to more than $68 million.
But Chen also faces competition from ethnic supermarket chains such as Yaohan, which caters to Japanese Americans, and Hong Kong Markets, whose three outlets offer slightly lower prices and attract Cantonese-speaking Chinese from Hong Kong.
By contrast, 99 Ranch Markets has a loyal Mandarin following from Taiwan. It also has a reputation for slightly higher prices, and some customers say the produce is fresher.
"My wife shops at both 99 Ranch and Hong Kong. From week to week they all have specials, but overall Hong Kong is a little lower," says Christopher Leu, president and chief executive of United Pacific Bank in Los Angeles, whose clients include 99 Ranch and several other Asian supermarket chains.
However, "when you go into a 99 Ranch Market, you feel there's more turnover, so people think the food is fresher."
Leu says that Yaohan, based in Japan, is the largest such chain in the United States but that Tawa is the largest in California.
"The market has been pretty much cornered by Roger's group; he was the first to get the Asian supermarkets independently organized and run more professionally, like Vons," Leu says.
One recent day, customers browsing through the aisles explained why they'll pay more for food at 99 Ranch.
"Why do I shop here? Because the fish is still wiggling," says Ontario resident Calvin Tong, 36, a bus driver originally from Hong Kong, pointing to the packs of fresh fish piled in his cart.
Friends, family and show business colleagues gathered to remember the late Oscar-winning director, producer and actor Sydney Pollack at a private memorial service in Los Angeles on Saturday.
Pollack won Academy Awards for best picture and best director for his 1985 epic "Out of Africa." He directed more than 20 films, including "Tootsie," "Absence of Malice" and "The Way We Were."
He also produced 2007's "Michael Clayton," nominated for seven Oscars (supporting actress Tilda Swinton was the lone winner).
Pollack is survived by his wife Claire, two daughters, a brother and six grandchildren. His son, Steven, died in a plane crash in 1993.
Obscenity trial: An article in Thursday's Section A about a website maintained by federal appeals court Judge Alex Kozinski paraphrased Corynne McSherry, staff attorney at the nonprofit Electronic Frontier Foundation, as saying that just making music files available, even if no one downloaded them, might run afoul of the law. In fact, she said that although copyrights may be infringed without downloading, depending on the circumstances of the given case, simply making them available wouldn't violate the law.
Bank of America Corp., which has been working to downsize its consumer operations by 30,000 employees, now is targeting highly compensated investment bankers and non-U.S. wealth managers — efforts expected to reduce the job rolls at the bank by 2,000 people.
The cuts, first reported in the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday, also will cost some commercial bankers their jobs at BofA, the second-largest U.S. bank as measured by assets.
The actions include the planned sale of a division handling wealth management in Europe, Latin America and Asia, according to a person briefed on the plans who was not authorized to speak publicly about the matter and requested anonymity.
The moves had been expected as Bank of America Chief Executive Brian Moynihan tries to fashion a smaller but more focused and profitable company. It's part of a general trend on Wall Street of paring back on investment bankers because the global economic uncertainty has caused a steep decline in deal-making.
Moynihan is trying to slash costs to withstand the fallout from BofA's disastrous 2008 takeover of mortgage giantCountrywide Financial Corp.of Calabasas, Calif., and to compensate for reduced fees and lending income in the current environment of an uncertain economy, record low interest rates and tougher bank regulation.
Many of the latest layoffs will come from among employees of Merrill Lynch & Co., another huge acquisition by Moynihan predecessor Ken Lewis that, unlike Countrywide, has been profitable for the bank.
In addition to selling Merrill's non-U.S. wealth-management arm, Bank of America plans to cut the jobs of as many as 400 high-earning investment bankers, many of them former Merrill employees based in New York and overseas.
Word of massive layoffs in the consumer realm broke in September as Moynihan launched a major restructuring he called New BAC. At the time, the bank said a second round of New BAC would involve other parts of the Charlotte, N.C., company, such as trading and commercial and investment banking.
The current investment bank layoffs are largely unrelated to New BAC, bank officials said, and analysts expect additional job cuts when details of the broader strategy become clear.
"It needed to be done earlier," analyst Paul J. Miller of Friedman Billings Ramsey & Co. said Tuesday. "There should be more [layoffs] behind it."
Project of very low consumption, radiation and bitrate softphones, with the support of the spatial audio, of the frequency shifts and of the ultrasonic communications / Multifunction Audio Filter with Remote Control!
You can view the people (celebrities) news and the front page news (with videos, images and constant updates) by following the link below:
The first versions of the television were created early in the 20th century. Once these early innovations were reliable, affordable, and usable enough for the average family to watch, television's popularity spread quickly. It soon became apparent that the television was an exciting and convenient way to get news, information, and entertainment, without the necessity of leaving the house. Even though television technology has changed in the ensuing years, people still find their televisions essential for these purposes. Of course, with companies like Dish Network , modern day television viewers now have plenty more channels and other options to choose from, and television technology barely resembles its early ancestors. Now the quality of the pictures is incredible, outages are few and far between, and families can choose from channel selections that range into the hundreds of channels!
Dish Network has been instrumental in bringing about many of the more recent television changes, and offers its customers the best in home entertainment. With a subscriber base that already numbers 12 million, Dish Network is the fastest growing satellite television company in the world. And, to help you bring the advantages of satellite television into your home, Dishnetwork offers special deals that enable you to get free installation, free satellite dishes, free receivers, free receiver upgrades, free gifts, and even Dishnet programming package rebates. These are a lot of benefits to entice you to sign up for a service that already offers the best values in the industry!
If you are used to analogue cable television, you will notice a remarkable improvement in the quality of your television picture when you switch to Dish Network . All programming is broadcast in the digital format, which gives your programming a crisp, crystal-clear picture that is the best quality possible outside of HDTV. Of course, for even better quality, you can opt for a Dishnetwork HDTV package, which will improve your resolution by 10 times, make your colors true, increase your sound quality, and bring you a wider viewing range. When you choose to upgrade to HDTV, Dish Network is a great company to choose, because it offers the largest HD programming selection available. This selection includes an incredible 29 HD channels and 4 separate HD programming packages.
Not only has the quality of television picture and sound increased, but equipment to make viewing easier has also improved. You receiver features like a program guide, features lists, on-screen caller ID, and parental locks with every receiver. And, Dishnetwork offers the convenient option of digital video recording. DVRs have many advantages over VCRs, including recording in digital format, being able to store up to 200 hours of programming, and offering the ability to pause, rewind and replay live television.
You will not only have access to tons of new technology with Dish Network , but the programming choices are unbeatable. For standard definition programming, you have choices like America's Top 60, 120 or 180, DishFamily, America's Everything Pak, and four Dish Latino packages. These all offer plenty of great programming options for sports, news, entertainment, local channels, movies, kids' networks, and special features. And, Dishnetwork offers many add-on features that can let you customize your programming. These include sports subscriptions, pay-per-view, A La Carte channels, foreign language programming, and interactive game packages. Some package even include the exciting new radio format, Sirius satellite radio, which offers the best commercial-free music and talk radio available. All of this fun is available in the privacy of your own home.
Dish Network continually tries to keep ahead of other television companies when it comes to offering the best service and new technologies. When you sign up for a subscription, you will be joining millions of others who are extremely satisfied with the service and values they are receiving through Dishnetwork.
The current Dishnet offers are superior to anything offered by Directv, CableVision, Charter Communications, Comcast, Time Warner or any other cable TV providers. Your search has come to an end. Switch to the best quality home entertainment. Start now.
About the Author: J. Hall writes articles for consumers who want to find the best Dish Network offers currently available. She has written for many major publications about the latest satellite TV deals and promotions and how buyers can find the best discounts.
📋HIT LIST - We spoke to arkadi lavoie lachapelle, 1 of 4 artists in the group exhibition WORLD CUP! on view at… https://t.co/L9A1kJoCCK
Very excited for the June 9th talk with Sheena Hoszko at Articule: https://t.co/WUa5Y4mszc @articule_art @sheenahoszko #articule #WorldCup
I'm in a group show opening @articule_art this Friday called World Cup! It's called Sung, I'll be in Town June 14th… https://t.co/d4UVIJYGnf
NB: as of 23 September 2008, all new artSMart articles are being published on the site news.artsmart.co.za.
Auditions will be held on September 9 for the musical Sasol Fever which comes to the Catalina Theatre in Wilson’s Wharf from October 23 until November 18.
In the bad old days when the then-government sought to solve its petrol problems by the creation of the Sasol plant in Secunda, many of the best boiler makers, welders, fitters and turners, were “bruin ou’s” from Durban. The exodus of qualified men from the Coloured community of Durban commuting to the Sasol construction site made for some hilarious, and heart-wrenching, stories. This musical penned by Gail Snyman tells this fascinating tale.
Gail Snyman is looking for four men and four women performers aged between 22 and 35 who must be able to sing, dance and act. As the story is about a social dynamic particular to the Durban Coloured community, it is preferable – but not essential – that performers are (or look) Coloured.
Audition candidates should prepare a short sketch / monologue / theatre piece to display their acting talent and should also prepare a song. If they need backing tracks to perform, they should bring those along with them. They should wear comfortable clothes and takkies / dance shoes to perform in.
Auditions take place from 10h00 onwards at the Catalina Theatre on September 9. For more information or to book your slot, contact Thandeka from the Catalina Theatre on 031 305 6889.
Categories: Advocacy, Bullying Prevention, College, Education, Guidance Counselor, Hazing Prevention, Mental Health, Mental Health News, Mental Health Treatment, School, Suicide, Suicide Prevention
This week is National Hazing Prevention Week, organized by HazingPrevention.org. While many might think about hazing in the context of college Greek organizations, hazing is a widespread problem in many settings, from high school sports teams to the military. In some organizations, hazing is a sanctioned rite of passage (this NFL team video goes so far as to mock anti-hazing efforts). Recent reports suggest that many incidents of hazing increasingly involve rape and other forms of sexual violence and degradation. While proponents of hazing argue that hazing is vital to the development of group cohesion, the reality is quite the opposite. Hazing is about power and control; it is a form of abuse that strips an individual of their autonomy and self-respect. History is strewn with horror stories of hazing gone wrong; the result of which is death or serious injury. Yet rarely do these reports consider the emotional and psychological injuries that occur from hazing. Hazing can be the trigger for serious mental health difficulties, such as acute stress disorder, major depression, suicidal thinking or even post-traumatic stress disorder. A well-written article by the psychologist Robert Brooks dismantles the argument for hazing. He notes that parents, educators and coaches need to help kids understand from an early age that hazing is not an acceptable practice and have mechanisms in place to support individuals who have been hazed. I encourage you to take a moment this week and consider what you can do to help prevent hazing in your community.
Categories: Advocacy, Mental Health, Mental Health Treatment, NAMI, New Hampshire, Recovery, Suicide, Suicide Prevention
September is suicide prevention month. Every year, more than 37,000 people die by suicide. NPR’s Science Friday did a wonderful piece on suicide titled “Diagnosing Destruction” which looked at the science and research behind suicide and suicide prevention. There are many excellent books to help us understand suicide and why people kill themselves; two that I have found particularly helpful are The Suicidal Mind by Edwin S. Shneidman, and Why People Die by Suicide by Thomas Joiner.
Statistically, we know that certain demographic groups are more at risk to die by suicide. These include being male, between the ages of 15-24 and over 65 and being diagnosed with a mental disorder. Despite these statistics, it is still impossible to predict if a person will make a suicide attempt. However, here are some warning signs that a person may be considering suicide.
Always take someone seriously if they say they are feeling suicidal. Even if someone has made suicidal statements in the past and never followed through, there is always the possibility that this time they will try to kill themselves.
If you or someone you know is thinking about suicide, here are some recommendations. Any person who is thinking about suicide should be evaluated by a qualified mental health or suicide prevention professional.
Contact your local or national crisis line or accompany the individual to your local emergency room.
Call 911 if the person is actively making an attempt to kill him or herself or is refusing to seek help.
Visit the Suicide Prevention Lifeline for more tips on how to help someone who is feeling suicidal. Military veterans also have the option of calling the Veteran’s Crisis Line.
The National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) has developed a fantastic suicide prevention program called The Connect Project that aims to train community partners in how to prevent suicide and intervene when someone has died by suicide. In New Hampshire there are several grief support groups for family and friends who have lost a loved one to suicide. NAMI New Hampshire also provides resources for those who have survived a suicide attempt. Finally, NAMI New Hampshire hosts an excellent Suicide Prevention Conference each year.
Suicide is preventable. There is hope. Please make a difference by learning more about suicide prevention and educating others.
Editor’s Note: Please let us know if you’d like us to share more articles like the one listed below. We feel it’s something to offset the overall negativity of the so-called, alternative “truth” news. Please comment with your thoughts. Thanks! – A Sheep No More
My life has always been filled with the feeling of being alone. These feelings I can recall all throughout my childhood, teen years and as an adult. They followed me like faceless monsters in a bad dream that would last from the wee hours of the morning and well into the dark night of the soul.
Sometimes I would feel the utter despair of abandonment as if I was a child with no parents or family even though I had both. A lost adopted child who even my own biological parents could not relate.
It often didn’t matter who I would surround myself with, and who I befriended for much needed companionship. This loneliness had seemed to haunt me no matter what I did, or where I went. Surrounding myself with people, my life was even lonelier than when I’m by myself.
In this interconnected world of fast media, fast friends, and attention deficit disorderly people, I sometimes feel more disconnected than ever. I’m simply an outcast caught in a web on the super information highway of ignorance where almost everything and everyone is a copy of a copy that many of us now call our lives.
I’m sure many of you who are reading my words of abandonment can somewhat relate to this life sentence of solitary confinement. A life that was simply not of our own free will choosing, but a deck of cards dealt to us by fate by the dealer of death. It was as if we were sentenced to Life in order to spend our lives in some cold and dark prison cell with open doors that we are often too scared to venture out of.
You see, this lonely path you and I walk is not one of choice, but of Truth. The way of the knower who knows to much in a crowd of ignorance.
Carl Jung had walked the lonely road of Gnosis for most of his life. He was a knower, and because he was a great soul who knew too much, he was often shunned by his peers, and attacked by his ignorant critics. I think many of us can relate with Jung who had written in Memories, Dreams, and Reflections;
“Knowledge of processes in the background early shaped my relationship to the world. Basically, that relationship was the same in my childhood as it is to this day.
As a child I felt myself to be alone, and I am still, because I know things and must hint at things which others apparently know nothing of, and for the most part do not want to know.
Loneliness does not come from having no people about one, but from being unable to communicate the things that seem important to oneself, or from holding certain views which others find inadmissible. The loneliness began with the experiences of my early dreams, and reached its climax at the time I was working on the unconscious.
But loneliness is not necessarily inimical to companionship, for no one is more sensitive to companionship than the lonely man, and companionship thrives only when each individual remembers his individuality and does not identify himself with others.” – Carl Jung, Memories Dreams and Reflections, Page 356.
As I grow older, I have come to accept my lonely fate. But I also realize that I’m not so alone because they are millions of people around the world just like Jung and like me in my all knowing unified tribe of souls who are true to their higher selves. We come in all sorts of beautiful shapes, colors and modes of alchemical thought.
It doesn’t matter where truth comes from or who says it. Truth is truth and it will ALWAYS destroy lies!
The below video represents the perfect analogy of what one looks like when they hold onto false belief systems; ones that were handed down to them from generation to generation.
Many of us were never taught to question where our beliefs came from which can make us rigid and judgmental.
Questioning our false reality serves a higher purpose because figuring out what is true and what is a lie, should be a priority in life.
I need your help in order to keep this small, independent media site going and sharing information with you 365 days/year because of the increasing censorship and ‘on purpose’ ad demonization. If you like my work and you can assist me, my Patreon account allows for a small monthly pledge (here) or you can support this work with a small donation via Paypal (here). THANK YOU for your concern. – Julie Telgenhoff, Creator of A Sheep No More
The below video will not be very popular by the majority of Americans who continue to believe that there is any hope in ANY of these PUPPETS (left or right), who actually receive corporate conttrolled MSM news airtime, of saving their country by being the SELECTED POTUS.
Until humans take back their own SPIRIT power, desire to be responsible for their country, learn cooperation and care vs divide and conquer, well, continue on because things are only going to get worse for humans who love the Corporation of the United States of America and will continue doing the same thing over and over again, yet expecting a different result.
Greg Calise| When you pull back the curtain on all of the illusions, what you find is quite preposterous. It is so absurd, so far removed from what we perceive as reality, that not many people would ever believe it. It is beyond science fiction.
“The truth is paradoxical to the extent of being exactly contrary to the usual perception.” – Georges Bataille
Consider what actually lies behind that curtain. Behind the facades we perceive, are truths that are contrary to the perceived realities. It is not what we think it is. We have been trapped, enslaved for thousands of years, without us even realizing it.
We are in a labyrinth of illusions, with gate keepers at every step. Sometime, long ago in prehistory, inter-dimensional demiurges came to our Earth to plunder her. They enslaved humanity and proclaimed themselves as almighty god, the creator.
The Gnostics called them the archons. They are the predators, who keep us as their herd, just as we keep farm animals. We are their food. We have been in their grip for thousands of years. The very gods that we pray to for hope and salvation, are the very culprits that prey on us.
They are our keepers, and they enslave us, yet we are convinced that they are our creator and savior. Isn’t that ironic? Yes, it all seems quite preposterous. Not at all what it seems.
All of this has been recorded in ancient legends, writings, histories and religious and cultural records. It’s not just some wild story conjured up by some person with a creative imagination.
Reality really Is more strange than science fiction. I can understand why not too many people even want to know the reality. David Icke has spoken extensively on this, as well as Michael Tsarion and many others.
I write a lot about the matrix and waking up from it. As the misty veils of illusion are lifted, the reality becomes more visible. But the matrix is far reaching.
Beyond the earthly matrix is the cosmic matrix, which is quite vast from our perspective. There are layers, or dimensions of the cosmic matrix, as it extends through the eight dimensions of the cosmos.
Within the cosmic matrix are many false light constructs, each created by a demiurge, an impostor god.
Each false light construct can extend through eight dimensions, and also they are vast in size, each one of them could seem as large as a universe, and yet they are only a tiny fraction of the entire universe.
But when you are inside them, they seem all compassing. Just another illusory trick. Many of these false light realms extend upon our planet, through the programmed minds of people.
For example, Jehovah is an impostor god that has created his own matrix of false light. His realm stretches throughout all of the cosmic dimensions and is vast in scope.
It appears on our planet through the minds of the followers of Jehovah, as they are programmed to believe in his doctrine, they then perceive a world tinted by those beliefs.
There are many religions and new age doctrines on this planet, so we have many false light realms existing here simultaneously, each generated through the programmed minds of their followers.
You can have a room full of Hindus, Buddhists, Moslems, Christians, Jews, etc. and each of those false light realms exists within the same room, each within the programmed minds of the followers.
Each person, through his programmed mind, perceives reality through the filters of his beliefs, and therefor places an overlay of illusions of the false light matrix over the truth.
Each of these false light realms has many levels of their heavens. In the Puranas, there are many descriptions of the realms of the Hindu gods and goddesses. There are also descriptions of the seven layers of the realms of the demons. These are the heavens.
From what I have gathered, there seems to be many demiurges, each with their own false light realm, and they are all under one umbrella. George Kavassilas describes from his journeys, that they are all under Jehovah.
What I have described so far is the stage on which a very heinous crime is perpetrated upon humanity. You see, it’s not enough for them to simply enslave us and feed off of us in this life. We are trapped in their web.
It is called the wheel of Samsara. In Reincarnation Is Enslavement, I explained how the souls are recycled into new bodies in the matrix.
“So the next question is: What happens when we die? When we die, we enter the cosmic matrix, another false light construct which we call heaven. Our souls are trapped within this prison of the gods. After some time in the false heavens, we return again in the same cycle. This is called the wheel of samsara, the cycle of birth and death.”
What the religions and new age call heaven, are all false light constructs, where the souls are given a reprise from the pain and suffering inflicted upon them in their earthly incarnations; pain inflicted by the very god they pray to. Yet, even in “heaven” the souls are still being fed upon.
Then they are recycled into another body in the matrix, with a short duration of life; far too short to be able to find their way out of the Labyrinth. There are gatekeepers everywhere. This is the plight of humanity.
This is the final grand trick. No matter what you do or believe here in your earthly body, at the time of death, we are yet tricked again. We are tricked to enter into the heavens to be recycled.
When one first leaves his mortal coil, he is quite disoriented. He may encounter angels or loved ones who will urge the newly departed soul to follow them. Or he may encounter a tunnel that leads to a light.
He is urged to ascend the tunnel, where he is greeted by angels, guides, loved ones etc. The newly departed soul believes he is in a true heaven. But all of these angels, loved ones etc. are not actually who they are pretending to be.
Val Valerian is a pseudonym of an ex CIA operative that wrote books about the matrix a decade before the movie.
“It is they [Grey aliens] who await in the light when a human being dies. The human being is then recycled into another body and the process begins all over again… Hence the Light and Tunnel at death Trap. Scanning someone they wish to recycle as they near death, the aliens discover who the person was close to has died. They project the person(s) image in the white light tunnel and the image waves you in deeper. If you CHOOSE to follow you can be trapped and sent to another incarnation of their choice… these entities view Earth as a big farm.”
“They want to recycle low to lower mid-level spirits into another breeding productive incarnation. Hence the Light and Tunnel at death Trap. Scanning someone they wish to recycle as they near death, the aliens discover who the person was close to has died.
They project the person(s) image in the white light tunnel and the image waves you in deeper. If you CHOOSE to follow you can be trapped and sent to another incarnation of their choice.
This shows the Empire does have an understanding of the spirit, but it attempts to short this out. The Light and Tunnel trap is a relatively new device, but one that will fail and they now know this.
‘Go into the Light’ say those who have had near death experiences. They are the salespersons chosen to advertise this alien venture. NEVER enter that light. Go up, left, back, right or anywhere but there. The mass media exposure of the Light and Tunnel trap (seen in the film ‘Ghost’, where the hero willingly enters the glittering trap) is to try to get people to buy the destination.”
I agree with what he has described. We are recycled over and over until we break free. The light and the tunnel at the time of death are traps. The final nasty trick. There are so many books being written about the death experience, NDE, people communicating from heaven, going toward the light, etc. They all speak about going towards the light as the doorway to heaven.
It’s only a larger cage with more toys. Again, these books are all there to lead you astray, just like the waiter Andrea, in Monte Python’s The Meaning of Life. What they describe is the repose between bodies, where little do they realize, they are still being fed upon.
It’s the energies of the captured souls in heaven that help create the heavenly false light construct. The head honcho god also feeds off of the captured souls to satisfy his addictions.
Yikes! Holy Shit! This really Is a nasty trick. Just about everyone assumes you are supposed to go through the tunnel to the light at the time of death. Everyone assumes that the loved ones and angels meeting us are genuine.
Everyone assumes that at the time of death, god would claim us back to his abode…….. well, he does. It’s just not the god that you were expecting. Everyone assumes that after death, they are free of bondage.
I’m happy to put a hole in that grand illusion. Welcome to the cosmic matrix. The rabbit hole just keeps getting deeper.
So what is one supposed to do upon death? Well, I can’t say with any certainty. I wouldn’t go toward any tunnels or lights. And if angels and loved ones came, I would politely thank them for the invitation, but decline.
The only light that you should be interested in is the light shining from your innermost soul. Follow that light, the light of your own Self, deep within. I’m sure you will find your destination.
It is said that Jesus, upon his resurrection, opened the gates of heaven, which had been closed since the time of Adam. Adam was the first offspring of genetical engineering done to man long ago by the gods. At this time, the matrix was established, and we have been trapped here ever since.
If Jesus reopened the gates to freedom, to the true heaven; if he broke the tunnels leading to the false heavens, then the priests closed the gates shortly after he left.
Jesus remarked in the Gospel of Judas, that the god Jehovah that his disciples worshipped, was not his god; that his god was within. Perhaps Jesus taught the true path, but then all of his teachings became corrupted by the priests.
I bring this up, because I have an optimistic feeling about all of this. I notice that there are large groups of people that are somewhat aware of this alien agenda, as we see the sizes of the audiences of David Icke, Michael Tsarion, George Kavassilas and others that have been exposing the truths of the alien influences upon our planet.
When David Icke first started speaking about aliens and bloodlines, people thought he was crazy. Yet now, less that 20 years later, it is becoming widely accepted by many people. More and more truths are becoming revealed.
Yet I do not see anyone speaking about the lights and tunnel at the time of death, or the fact that we are recycled in this prison. I brought it up last summer in Reincarnation Is Enslavement, and I probably mention it else where.
But the writing of Val Valerian is the first time I see others talking about this major nasty trick.
“The Light and Tunnel trap is a relatively new device, but one that will fail and they now know this.”
Could it be that if enough people can awaken to this grand deception, then their device for recycling souls would fail? Perhaps the device is breaking due to its own weaknesses, or other factors.
Could the doorways to freedom be opening? If so, I’d run for the opening. So in spite of this nasty deception, I feel optimistic that it may be time for it to collapse.
I hope so, because the external world seems to be heading for heavy turbulence, with much shit flying. Whatever is happening, at least now we know not to go towards the light or the tunnel. Spread the word.
Hollywood calls it jumping the shark, it’s that moment when all has been done and peak has been obtained. The point when the beginning of the end has just begun. The journey of the word “conspiracies” and the phrase “conspiracy theory” has reached its glory days. The trigger word worked for a while. For long we were led to believe that if someone was accused of being a conspiracy they were automatically wrong and automatically lunatic. Not proven wrong or proven lunatic but simply wrong and lunatic. Remember those days?
Yes, I’m aware this thinking still exists today, but didn’t it lose some of its intensity over the last few years? Thankfully, the percentage of humanity that reasons this way is slowly and progressively diminishing. How do I know? All of us are hardwired for survival. That’s right, regardless of what your experience and personal views and opinions may be, all of us are naturally inclined toward survival. We naturally detect danger and run away from it to protect ourselves from that danger.
Because of this, I believe those that still believe mainstream media news, must confront their own vulnerability. If they believe government, then they believe what they are being told. They are being told that ISIS is everywhere. That ISIS is mighty and they will soon be showing up in your city to blow you up unless government can save you.
Mainstream media believers will internalize this narrative and their brains will process this information as if it were actually true and real. Their perception of their world now is actually physiologically influenced by this artificial narrative. The artificial narrative should be examined only in terms of what desired result is it intended to induce.
Seeing the connection between the (artificial mainstream media engineered) narrative and the resulting physical manifestations witnessed and physically observed by humanity is the essence of the global awakening of humanity we are all anticipating.
This connecting of the dots is the consciousness shift that humanity is in the process of. With the connecting of the dots comes the realization that humanity is one species. We have various expressions and ideas, we use our upper brains to cognitively and intellectually work out solutions to problem.
Connecting the dots allows us to see that this ability to strategize using multiple universal languages made us (humans) the dominant animal on the planet. The dominant trait knew no end however. A very small percentage of the species unfortunately fantasizes about killing off the rest of the species and enjoying their own selfish lives at the expense of most of their own species. Connecting the dots allows us to see that this essentially uncontrolled greed and hatred ultimately became what we know today as the global elite, or controlling class, or government, or the powers that be.
This controlling segment however, has now exhausted their grand global psychological strategy for taking over the world by waging endless war on terror. Humanity has watched them repeat the same script over and over. Repeated strategies against humanity with predictable politically motivated reactions to supposed un-orchestrated random events.
Herein lies the breakpoint. For those still believing mainstream media news, their minds and the essence of who they are is challenged with every story. Deep down you realize the mainstream media narrative is getting more and more difficult to not only believe but to actively justify. One must be focused on not responding to challenges. One must be committed to dodging and ducking any facts that are presented that contradict the stated government narrative, all the while believing whatever plausible government narrative the mainstream media puts out.
The mainstream media believers thus find themselves having to patch (or ignore) a lot of mental ‘rational’ holes. So whether it’s 9/11’s explosion and fire proof passports, or whether it’s JFK’s magic bullet, or Iraq’s WMD’s, the Bin Laden death hoax, or the recent ISIS creation, those hypnotized on mainstream media news have to go fast asleep and pay no mind or keep working overtime to rationalize these government narratives.
This process of rationalizing to support government and mainstream media narrative, I strongly believe is now slowly dying out. More specifically, it is known that when put under stress the average human will change how they think so as to focus only on what is most important. With this knowledge about how humans react to stress, it is clear to see that regardless of whether someone believes mainstream media news, their views will slowly change if they are subject to abject poverty or feel exposed to extreme danger.
Example: It is clear that the police state has not made America safer but scarier. It is clear that any war on terror ends with loss of liberty, a scarier America, endless war, increased surveillance, increased government secrecy, a violent police state and so on- All of this is cause for anyone to feel in danger of survival. When police and armed federal thugs are pointing guns at you, you might not care so much about mainstream media news anymore. This just might trigger a change of views and perceptions as would not having a job or money to eat.
For better or for worse, this is the road humanity is on now. Ultimately everyone (except that small percentage of self destructive control freaks) will want to run from not just mainstream media and government paradigms but from any control paradigm that threatens your perceived existence. In the end it’s about survival and consciousness and all government paradigms will be washed away one way or another.
As we progress through the new chapter of the globalist plans marked by the post-ISIS creation era, the control system is now expanding the use of their trigger phrase “conspiracy theories” to apply to entire countries. In this recent case, mainstream media accused the country of Iraq of “conspiracy theories” because knowledge of ISIS’ creation is very disseminated in Iraq. Nature is at work, open (not hidden) knowledge is spreading. The knowledge is “hidden” ONLY to the U.S. Western-Zionist media. It is wide open knowledge to the rest of the world (think about that). The proper spreading of this common knowledge is however now deemed “conspiracy theories” even at the large scale level of human consciousness and awareness. How can this be? Remember the globalist have no consciousness.
The sanity of many Americans rides on the PERCEPTION that their perception of the world is the “primary” perception or the only perception that counts. This egocentric misfiring or misunderstanding of their own perception of life is in itself a strong and unwavering form of psychosis being manifested amongst us in real-time. This psychosis identified by the inability to see the world outside of one owns narrow perspective (the globalist new world order domination plans), is what we are seeing at the level of the control system which I’ll call the controlling class.
This controlling class is suffering from a ‘runaway’ psychosis without consequences. Humanity is waiting for a breakpoint, a shift in consciousness that will allow a cascade of positive events that are expected to push back on this psychosis. Humanity can observe that its existence is now threatened in multiple ways (ebola, ISIS, police state corruption, open borders, private mercenary police, wars etc )
In summary, humanity or mass human consciousness is thus being ambushed by at least two major forces.
1. The perceived threat to its existence which is an inevitable direct or indirect (side) effect of both the reality of what is happening and the government engineered narrative designed to prolong the war on terror consistent with their PNAC plans.
2. The increasingly complex mainstream media-government narratives and the increasingly burdensome mental stress of having to come up with the rationale to defend these narratives against the rational sincere arguments of others.
The stress on humanity generated by government lies is an invisible force which is difficult to measure. With entire nations now accused of “conspiracy theories” we can now say we’re seeing the beginning of the end for this phrase. The phrase was first utilized by CIA in their report to government officials following the JFK murders. CIA thought it was important to dismiss doubters of the JFK government narrative as “conspiracy theories”. That was the plan then. Today the word has been used as religion by the mainstream media. Humanity has now observe for decades how the phrase gets inserted into a story ONLY when the topic is part of the new world order agenda. Everything else (not related to exposing the new world order) is properly considered another opinion, or an allegation, or an opposing view, a piece of breaking news, a counter claim or something along these lines.
Example: Opposing the observed murder of Dolphins in a certain country is a concern or a political position, or a claim, an allegation, a complaint or something similar. Opposing the observed carrying out of Agenda 21 on the other hand is a “conspiracy theory”. Both issues are in the wide open. Both issues are supported by some, and opposed by others. So why is one a counter position and the other a “conspiracy theory”? Because CIA says so. Essentially the Intelligence that controls government narratives decide ahead of time what will be labeled “conspiracy theory” and what will not.
That is the lesson in all of this. Knowing and seeing the irrational use of the term “conspiracy theories” and moving forward to a new consciousness. Hey guess what? Humanity is also coded for moving on. We get tired of things and make choices to move on.
So given all the tension humanity is under isn’t it about time humanity moves on from the phrase “conspiracy theories”? The word comes from the word, to ‘conspire’ which is when two or more people get together to commit an evil act. At the root is the concept however is this meaning:
This meaning of conspiracy focuses on the root of agreeing on a plan. Fact is that nothing that government does is not agreed to or thought out. The basic act of agreeing or conspiring is actually a very normal part of who we are as humans. We are made to conspire together given the right opportunity. Humans are social beings. Clearly the globalist conspire with each other, why would they not? It’s perfectly natural to do so. What side of humanity, morality, dignity, and honor you are when you conspire is another story. Although it is not the intended use of the word in modern days, people CAN conspire to do good if they want. The problem is not the natural act of conspiring, the problem is that those conspiring are not conspiring for the good of humanity.
Is this too scary a reality for you to face? ISIS is portrayed as pretty scary and so is Ebola and other government scare tactics. Humanity is watching the pendulum swinging the other way. It senses survival first, government stories second. This suggests that soon enough everyone will get it except those who chose their sides long ago. As times get harder and humanity continues to awaken to the control system’s oppression over it, we will continue to observe tools, phrases, trigger words, old narratives, and entire memes slowly fade away.
We were told long ago. Times change, people change, everything must change. Change is what keeps us alive. The global government control system is based on an unchanging system- you are ALWAYS a slave to them. Nothing ever changes in their world. Currently, everything is changing for the worse. That unchanging state of ‘worsening of things’ is the very thing however that is waking more people up. It is ironies like these that give us hope. Hope we should not let go of.
Editor’s Note: For those in love with Mr. Glenn Beck’s “The Blaze“, please understand that with all these larger so called alternative media outlets, one must always question what they read. Even with smaller alternative media like, A Sheep No More, question and get multiple resources for information.
Our entire planet is ruled by psychopaths that create division and hate that then result in war and murder. Not war and murder against the psychopaths who reign over us, but rather war and murder against our fellow brothers and sisters globally.
Hence, with all this Muslim/Christian hate and propaganda going on, one should always question as to what is their choice media’s agenda? Obviously Glenn Beck’s larger “supposedly” alternative media, “The Blaze” has a different agenda than we do here at little alternative media outlet, “A Sheep No More“.
Here is Glenn Beck’s, “The Blaze” article called, “Muslim Cleric Says Islam Sees No Distinction Between Combatants and Civilians, So Killing American Women and Children Is Fine“. I will list the article’s link below, but the title alone should say it all and therefore, should you click on it, you’ll just be helping out ole Glenn ($$$). Article HERE: (as of this 9 am this morning, the website shows that the article has already received over 11.4 thousand shares; that’s good news for “The Blaze” ($$$$).
Now compare with A Sheep No More‘s Destiny Risen‘s article called, “ISIS: An Embarrassment to Muslims“. Destiny Risen has joined us as an investigative journalist, researcher, and she has an amazing ability to connect dots and figure out how psychological operations are perpetrated on a populous. Destiny has researched this information and put it into English text that can been seen below.
Is ISIS (Islamic State of Iraq and Syria) or IS (Islamic State) as the group has labeled itself, yet again legitimate or are they just a power grabbing unit?
The following transcript of Imam About Arfa was taken from an interview in January of this year. Many may recall the seige of the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk located in a suburb of Damascus.
It’s the fault of those clerics who incited war and bloodshed. The shame and blame is on them. We saw lost loved ones, women and children sleeping and waking up hungry. While we saw these same clerics flying to London and Turkey and staying in luxurious hotels and palaces. They told people to go to war, to “holy jihad” and they united to commence the war in Syria! We now see ISIS killing Jabhat Al-Nusra and Al-Nusra killing the Islamic Front Brigades. Woe betide Yarmouk when they come to it! If people in Yarmouk camp accept Al-Nusra, they won’t survive ISIS. And if they accept ISIS, they will not survive the Islamic Front. If they accept all, they will all slaughter them! When will they wake up? When will we stand up for each other? What did Yarmouk do to you? If you want to fight for any reason, and it is clear they are only fighting for a rotten chair (for power)! Everything has been exposed, as we saw in Libya and other places. What is the fault of Palestinians? Whoever wants to create an Islamic state on the expense of Muslim blood has neither a state or a religion.
It is as Allah and Mohammed said! We are bored of your lies! Help the people of Yarmouk with bread! And help us by being sincere. Stop lying to us! Stop your falsehood! The Prophets of Allah did not teach this, and they did not come for this. Leave these deceitful slogans, protect the blood of Muslims, and don’t shed their blood! You have embarrassed the Muslims and have done nothing (good) for people!
The transcribed video, from January 20, 2014, can be viewed below. Abou Arfa is a Palestinian cleric and renowned Imam of the Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.
For those not aware of what occurred in January this year during the seige of the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk located in a suburb of Damascus, let me explain.
Rebel forces held the camp for almost a year preventing any food or medical supplies from entering and the results were devastating. Starvation, disease and hopelessness was felt by more than 18,000 residents forcefully held inside the camp. Desperation beyond the scope of the human mind as some residents resorted to eating grass simply to survive. The reported death tolls, due to starvation, was more than 100. As typical the various “human rights” groups condemned and attempted to lay blame on the Syrian government for the devastation inside the camp. However, residents inside the camp placed the guilt on the rebel forces. One reported as saying, “there is no food, nothing to eat or drink, the militants are inside,” and another pleaded, “I swear by the soul of the Prophet we want this to stop. What is our guilt? We want to go out!” Anwar Raja, from the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine stated, “They want to say to the world: ‘See: the people are hungry.’ It’s like the residents are kidnapped inside their own camp, inside their own home, and the militants are negotiating over them, negotiating their souls”.
How can anyone support a group who’s only goal is political gain? Whatever their goal may be it is clear they are willing to achieve it, even at the expense of death and suffering of thousands of innocent people.
Below are additional articles of various Islamic scholars and Imams (preachers) speaking out against ISIS and the so-called Caliphate. I will highlight a few comments mentioned in the articles, but I do advise reading them in their entirety. Most notably are the graduates from Al-Azhar University in Egypt, the oldest Islamic university in the world.
Saad El-Din Hilaly, head of the Department of Comparative Jurisprudence at Al-Azhar University states, “Islam is solely based on the rule of justice by virtue of the following Quranic verse: ‘If you judge among the people, you shall judge equitably.’ This is the essence of rule in Islam that goes beyond all denominations.”
Former representative of the Egyptian Religious Endowments, Abdul Jalil Salem stated, “ISIS surely does not represent Muslims, not even a faction of them. It is just a terrorist organization. It is illogical that this group is the one calling for the caliphate. ISIS’s call on Muslims to immigrate to the proclaimed Islamic state is nonsense, as Muslims live in their own countries, practice their religious rituals and perform their duties and obligations. Why would they be requested to immigrate?” Read more here:
Maulana Shahi Raza, lead Imam of Grand Mosque of Leicester states, “As a Sunni Muslim I do not accept the khilafa (caliphate) of ISIS. I consider ISIS as a terrorist organization and they are trying to create corruption and fitna [division] within the Muslim world.” Read more here:
Shaykh, a Salafi scholar from the city of Madinah says, “This group is takfiri Kharijite which makes takfir (excommunicates) other Muslims merely because they belong to other factions (in Iraq/Syria). Other factions (al-Nusrah) are similar, but ISIS are more evil.” He further reminds us,“Numerous ahaadeeth which speak of the great crime of separating from the jamaa’ah and violating the bai’ah and acting treacherously are mentioned. So these people are treacherous and violators of their contracts.”
‘Most drug dealers are more virtuous than any government social worker, and prostitutes have far less to be ashamed of than political whores, because they trade only with what is rightfully theirs, and only with those who want to trade with them. The upstanding, church-going, law abiding, tax-paying citizen who votes Democrat or Republican is far more despicable, and a bigger threat to humanity, than the most promiscuous, lazy, drug-snorting hippie. Why? Because the hippie is willing to let others be free, and the voter is not. The damage done to society by bad habits and loose morality is nothing compared to the damage done to society by the self-righteous violence committed in the name of the state…’ —Larken Rose, ‘The Iron Web‘
Corrupt government is the true illusion ingrained in our minds so deep that the seed has hatched, and it is now in complete control.
Larken Rose is an anarchist author best known for challenging the IRS to answer questions about the federal tax liability of citizens, and being put in prison with no questions answered. Larken’s website, Youtube channel, Facebook page and Twitter.
Filed Under: Corruption, Government, New World Order (NWO), Police State, Sheeple Tagged With: A Sheep No More, Anarchy, Corruption, Government, Larken Rose, Sheeple, Statist, The Iron Web, Truth, Voting
ZenGardner.com| With every day that passes, it seems as though we as a society are becoming more and more aware of what is “really” going on in the world. What I mean by, “really,” is the story behind the story when we choose to read between the lines of how current events in our society are reported on, or the lack there of.
Sure, we have the mainstream media networks broadcasting “news” stories and articles manufactured for our consumption. Most are polished with a sheen of fear and designed to make us feel more “intelligent,” (as if intelligence has made much of a difference in our society). Some influence us to anger and frustation, while others are tailored to distract us from the issues that truly matter, i.e. pollution, GMO foods, fracking, the quality of our drinking water, etc.
Let’s face it, we are relentlessly bombarded with information in the form of “news,” advertisements, politics, sports, drama, entertainment of all expressions and even our life itself. Though many of these things may “seem” to us as being critical to our existence, they really aren’t as vital as our health, well-being, relations, families, contributions to our communities and fulfilling on our true purpose. They are just presented to us in a way that we perceive them as worthy of our attention and our lives.
Yet, for all whom choose to be daring, adventurous, bold, radical, curious and inquisitive pioneers of diversity, there is the story behind the story, the “real” reality which may only be obtained with an expression of our conscious will. I imagine it may happen differently for everyone, though the constant in the expansive birthing of our awareness is that it does indeed “happen,” and when it does, our experience of life and of ourselves is massively transformed.
When we choose to open our minds, our perspectives, our awareness, and most importantly our eyes and our ears, we begin to move beyond the inner resistence of our denial, our cognitive dissonance, our hereditity and our self-righteousness. Something amazing and miraculous happens. It is as though we become addicted to consciousness. We develop a hunger for truth, clarity, knowledge, understanding and wisdom. We experience an explosive burst of energy that awakens and enlightens us all the way to the cellular level of our being and beyond. It is this energy that not only presents evidence to the credibility of the truth, yet, it also connects us with something much greater than ourselves and the lives which we live. It connects us with all that is.
At first the experience is much like a new romance, exciting, scary, awkward, dreamy and passionate. Then, as it settles into the very core and fabric of our being, we begin to become present to how twisted, sadistic, manical, insidious, insensitive, cruel, brutal and unforgiving human beings can be, especially when witnessed with conscious eyes. If we are fortunate enough to make it beyond our initial shock, we may discover and reveal how intricate, complicated, complex, convoluted and multi-tiered the issues and problems in our society really are. We may even begin to see that most of the problems in the world are manufactuered and maintained for the purpose of profit for the benefit of the few at the cost of the unconscious many.
We begin to immerse ourselves with articles, You Tube videos, Facebook Posts and Updates, Tweets, Websites, Online Talks, Speeches and Forums, books, random “truth” conversations with others on a similar path, etc. Then we become present on a whole new level to the issues; GMO foods, Fracking, Flouride, Chlorine and other chemicals in our tap water, Chemtrails, vaccinations that cause the very illnesses they are supposed to protect us from, Fukishima, oil spills, the rapid destruction of the rainforests, the corruption of governments, the financial manipulation of the market place by corporations and banking institutions whom go unpunished, senseless wars claiming the lives of our youth…
Breathe until these apparent burdens of truth and consciousness pass through you and there is only silence.
Breathing is the most powerful way of transforming our fear, worry, outrage, concern, frustration and anger into a proactive and productive form of practice to shift our problems into solutions. As a matter of fact, breathing is the first step in this process. It is fitting that this is the first step of life!
There is a challenging space we can find ourselves in in the midst of the hurricane that is “reality” when viewed with awareness, it is the “Conscoiusness Blues.” The frustration, hopelessness, helplessness and despair of being present to the issues of what is “really” going on in the world, yet not knowing what to “do” about it.
We may even adopt perspectives of, “I am only one person, what can I do about all of this?” “What difference can I make?” “It’s not my responsibility.” “It’s not my problem.” “These things will never change.”
“Knowing” about the specifics of the issues in our society is another step, yet will never bring the solutions.
In my opinion, we, as human beings, have a duty, a birthrite to “share” what information and experiences we may have on our path of expanding our consciousness, without ego, without upset, without anger and without attachment to how the information we share will be received by those whom are bold enough to listen.
It has been said before, “wherever our attention goes, energy flows,” and where our energy flows, perpetuates the existence of whatever issues, challenges, dramas and problems upon which we may become empassioned.
It is the quality of the energy that we are putting into society that is vital. When we are frustrated, depressed, upset, hopeless and even sarcastically angry, though it seems justified, it is only more fuel on the fire.
We have to ask ourselves the question, “are we contributing to the problems in our lives or the solutions?” The importance of our detachment from the negative reactions to the often times unbelievable issues and problems our society currently perpetuates is rivalled by little of what we may encounter in our daily lives. When we disconnect from our reactions, we are able to move beyond the melee and chaos of our contemporary world and begin to stem the tides of the growing collusion that pollutes our environments.
Perhaps one of the most difficult practices to successfully perform in transforming problems into solutions is in who we are “being.” This is also the most important exercise in this process. We can have the greatest of intentions and purposes in life, yet if we are being egotistical, arrogant, angry, resentful or frustrated, the transformations we desire to see will never happen. It is only when we are able to temper our internal upsets, disappointments, outrage and self-righteousness about society’s issues will we be able to transcend the challenges we experience within which undoubtedly show up everywhere in our lives.
When we come from a space of silence, calm, presentness, peace, positivity, kindness, compassion, acceptance and love, we will always succeed in transforming anything in our lives.
Yes, there have certainly been a lot of “conspiracy theories” over the years that have turned out not to be accurate. However, the truth is that a large number of very prominent conspiracy theories have turned out to actually be true.
So the next time that you run into some “tin foil hat wearing lunatics”, you might want to actually listen to what they have to say. They may actually know some things that you do not. In fact, one recent study found that “conspiracy theorists” are actually more sane than the general population.
So the next time you are tempted to dismiss someone as a “conspiracy theorist”, just remember that the one that is crazy might actually be you.
When I first heard about this I did not believe it. And of course not all vaccines contain cancer viruses. But tens of millions of Americans did receive vaccines with cancer viruses in them, and now we have learned that even the CDC has admitted that this is true…
The CDC has quickly removed a page from their website, which is now cached here, admitting that more than 98 million Americans received one or more doses of polio vaccine within an 8-year span when a proportion of the vaccine was contaminated with a cancer causing polyomavirus called SV40. It has been estimated that 10-30 million Americans could have received an SV40 contaminated dose of the vaccine.
SV40 is an abbreviation for Simian vacuolating virus 40 or Simian virus 40, a polyomavirus that is found in both monkeys and humans. Like other polyomaviruses, SV40 is a DNA virus that has been found to cause tumors and cancer.
According to the Daily Mail, a new generation of ATM machines is being developed that will use cutting edge facial recognition technology…
Cumbersome and slow cash machines with clunky buttons and tiny hard-to-see screens could soon be a thing of the past thanks to a range of next-generation ATMs.
Ohio-based security firm Diebold has created a touchscreen cash machine that works like a tablet computer, uses facial recognition and QR codes to identify and authenticate users, and has built-in safety cameras.
The establishment does not like those that are trying to stand in the way of genetically-modified food. The following is from a recent Activist Post article…
A shocking new investigative report from the largest daily newspaper in Germany alleges that Monsanto, the US Military and the US government have colluded to track and disrupt both anti-GMO activists and independent scientists who study the adverse effects of genetically modified food.
As revealed yesterday by Sustainable Pulse, on July 13th the German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung detailed information on how the US Government “advances the interests of their corporations,” focusing on Monsanto as a prime example.
The report titled, “The Sinister Monsanto Group: ‘Agent Orange’ to Genetically Modified Corn,” described a ‘new fangled cyber war’ being waged against both eco-activists and independent scientists by supporters and former employees of Monsanto, who are described as “operationally powerful assistants” and who have taken up sometimes high-ranking posts in the US administration, regulatory authorities, and some of whom have connections deep within the military industrial establishment, including the CIA.
Did you know that literally millions of genetically-modified animals are being experimented on in labs all over the globe?…
The number of genetically modified (GM) animals used in scientific research in Britain has exceeded the number of ordinary laboratory animals for the first time, according to official statistics that show a 9 per cent overall increase in the use of experimental animals last year.
Some 4,033,310 animals were used in scientific experiments started in 2012, an increase of 322,689, or 9 per cent over the previous year. There were 1.91 million scientific “procedures” used with GM animals in 2012 compared to 1.68.m procedures on normal animals.
Should scientists be creating beings that are part human and part animal? Well, it is happening all over the planet. Just check out some of the things that a recent Slate article says is happening in labs around the world…
Not long ago, Chinese scientists embedded genes for human milk proteins into a mouse’s genome and have since created herds of humanized-milk-producing goats. Meanwhile, researchers at the University of Michigan have a method for putting a human anal sphincter into a mouse as a means of finding better treatments for fecal incontinence, and doctors are building animals with humanized immune systems to serve as subjects for new HIV vaccines.
Yes, this is actually happening. In a previous article, I described how Obama is forcing government workers to spy on the “lifestyles, attitudes and behaviors” of their fellow employees…
Federal employees and contractors are asked to pay particular attention to the lifestyles, attitudes and behaviors – like financial troubles, odd working hours or unexplained travel – of co-workers as a way to predict whether they might do “harm to the United States.” Managers of special insider threat offices will have “regular, timely, and, if possible, electronic, access” to employees’ personnel, payroll, disciplinary and “personal contact” files, as well as records of their use of classified and unclassified computer networks, polygraph results, travel reports and financial disclosure forms.
We have all kind of known this for a long time, right? Well, now someone is actually leaking the results of pro wrestling matches on the Internet before they happen…
A fan has provoked a furor in the world of professional wrestling after leaking the outcomes of 38 WWE matches ahead of the pay-per-view bouts.
The mystery fan, who identifies himself online as Dolphins1925, claims he has obtained the information from a source at Worldwide Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), and is revealing the results to highlight the organisation’s failure to keep its storylines confidential.
Dolphins1925 started posting the results on Reddit’s pro-wrestling forum after another fan launched a “prediction series”, asking users for their picks ahead of the matches. He has since maintained a perfect record, even leaking the results of contests involving wrestling superstars such as John Cena and The Undertaker.
Three straight years of blistering drought have strained Texas’ water resources. Some cities like Midland are already steeply raising their water prices. But it’s not just residents of the Lone Star State feeling parched. Texas-based companies are scrambling to reduce their water usage and enact long-term water management plans as a critical business concern.
“As the drought continues, industry’s eyes are opening,” said Jordan Furnans, senior engineer at INTERA, a Texas-based geosciences and engineering firm. Those eyes are opening to discover that more dry years are coming, he said.
There’s a desperate need for water to fuel industrial, chemical and energy operations in some parts of Texas. “If plants shut down, they’re losing millions of dollars per day,” Furnans said.
Only a small percentage of Americans would have believed this particular “conspiracy theory” last year. But now it is all over the news. In fact, we have just learned that applications for tax-exempt status from Tea Party groups were ordered to be sent to the only Obama political appointee at the IRS…
IRS employees were ordered by their superiors–including Lois Lerner who pleaded the 5th Amendment against self-incrimination rather than testify in Congress–to send certain Tea Party tax-exemption applications to the office of the IRS’s Chief Counsel, which was headed by William Wilkins, who at that time was the only Obama political appointee at the IRS, according to a letter released today by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
“As a part of this ongoing investigation, the Committees have learned that the IRS Chief Counsel’s office in Washington, D.C. has been closely involved in some of the applications,” reads a letter released today by the House committees on Oversight and Government and Ways and Means. “Its involvement and demands for information about political activity during the 2010 election cycle appear to have caused systematic delays in the processing of Tea Party applications.”
This is a conspiracy theory that was denied for a very long time. But now even CNN is admitting the truth…
The Department of Health and Human Services and Environmental Protection Agency are proposing the change because of an increase in fluorosis — a condition that causes spotting and streaking on children’s teeth.
Can you get cancer from using a cell phone? Well, an increasing number of studies indicate that this is actually true…
At the highest exposure levels — using a mobile phone half an hour a day over a 10-year period — the study found a 40 percent increased risk of glioma brain tumors.
Every single year, hundreds of thousands of Americans are killed by prescription drugs. The following is a brief excerpt from a Vanity Fair article entitled “Deadly Medicine“…
Prescription drugs kill some 200,000 Americans every year. Will that number go up, now that most clinical trials are conducted overseas—on sick Russians, homeless Poles, and slum-dwelling Chinese—in places where regulation is virtually nonexistent, the F.D.A. doesn’t reach, and “mistakes” can end up in pauper’s graves?
Yes, many among the global elite really do want to substantially reduce the population of the planet. The following quotes are from one of my previous articles…
–David Rockefeller: “The negative impact of population growth on all of our planetary ecosystems is becoming appallingly evident.”
–CNN Founder Ted Turner: “A total world population of 250-300 million people, a 95% decline from present levels, would be ideal.”’
–Paul Ehrlich, a former science adviser to president George W. Bush and the author of “The Population Bomb”: “To our minds, the fundamental cure, reducing the scale of the human enterprise (including the size of the population) to keep its aggregate consumption within the carrying capacity of Earth is obvious but too much neglected or denied”
-Barack Obama’s primary science adviser, John P. Holdren: “The development of a long-term sterilizing capsule that could be implanted under the skin and removed when pregnancy is desired opens additional possibilities for coercive fertility control. The capsule could be implanted at puberty and might be removable, with official permission, for a limited number of births.”
Satanists really do exist, and sometimes they do really, really awful things. The following is one recent example…
Moises Meraz-Espinoza walked into the Huntington Park Police Department two years ago to report a crime: He had killed his mother.
Officers went to the Maywood apartment that the then-18-year-old factory worker shared with his mother, Amelia Espinoza, 42, and found a gruesome scene. A trail of blood led to the bathroom, where plastic covered the walls and floor. There, they found an electrical circular saw with pieces of bone, blood and flesh stuck to the blade. Nearby, in a freezer, police found skin and muscles stored in plastic bags. The woman’s skull, with all her teeth plucked out, her eyes removed and two upside-down crosses carved into the bone, was stashed in a backpack.
Prosecutors say that Meraz-Espinoza strangled his mother and then skinned, filleted and dismembered her body as part of a satanic ritual.
Thanks to Edward Snowden, we have learned much more about how the NSA spies on all of us. And just this week it has come out that the NSA has no problem snooping on you if you are a friend of a friend of a friend of someone that might be a potential terrorist…
Chris Inglis, the agency’s deputy director, was one of several government representatives—including from the FBI and the office of the Director of National Intelligence—testifying before the House Judiciary Committee this morning. Most of the testimony largely echoed previous testimony by the agencies on the topic of the government’s surveillance, including a retread of the same offered examples for how the Patriot Act and Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act had stopped terror events.
But Inglis’ statement was new. Analysts look “two or three hops” from terror suspects when evaluating terror activity, Inglis revealed. Previously, the limit of how surveillance was extended had been described as two hops. This meant that if the NSA were following a phone metadata or web trail from a terror suspect, it could also look at the calls from the people that suspect has spoken with—one hop. And then, the calls that second person had also spoken with—two hops. Terror suspect to person two to person three. Two hops. And now: A third hop.
The Federal Reserve is a private banking cartel that was created by the bankers and that serves the interest of the bankers. It was designed to perpetually increase the U.S. national debt and to perpetually create inflation. Unfortunately, it has done a great job on both counts. Since the Federal Reserve was created back in 1913, the U.S. national debt has gotten more than 5000 times larger, and the value of the U.S. dollar has fallen by more than 96 percent.
A Sheep No More is no longer plugged into the Matrix like the many sheep who are still programmed to believe that they have correct information provided by a varied and “independent media.” In fact the media is owned by 5 or 6 mega-media companies run by corporate advertising executives and Washington.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (11) October 2018 (40) September 2018 (9) August 2018 (12) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (45) May 2018 (75) April 2018 (40) March 2018 (73) February 2018 (73) January 2018 (74) December 2017 (70) November 2017 (96) October 2017 (104) September 2017 (111) August 2017 (114) July 2017 (113) June 2017 (97) May 2017 (50) April 2017 (52) March 2017 (47) February 2017 (87) January 2017 (36) December 2016 (65) November 2016 (20) October 2016 (12) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (5) July 2016 (3) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (5) April 2016 (10) March 2016 (16) February 2016 (7) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (57) November 2015 (62) October 2015 (52) September 2015 (72) August 2015 (99) July 2015 (166) June 2015 (131) May 2015 (77) April 2015 (21) March 2015 (45) February 2015 (41) January 2015 (50) December 2014 (30) November 2014 (72) October 2014 (96) September 2014 (149) August 2014 (112) July 2014 (87) June 2014 (111) May 2014 (130) April 2014 (137) March 2014 (234) February 2014 (212) January 2014 (209) December 2013 (212) November 2013 (193) October 2013 (44)
And he said, "Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the Kingdom of Heaven." -Matthew 18:3
I've had the blessing of wearing my Mom title for almost four years and there's quite a few things I've learned. The biggest and most mind-blowing one though, has been this:
My son Pierson will turn four in June, and his baby sister Reese, is two. As toddlers; teeny, tiny little humans, they are ready and willing to love just about anyone. My oldest brother Nathan, thirty-three, was born with Cerebral Palsy. He resides with my parents and has many other special needs that factor in with his disability. His speech is altered immensely, and because of his extreme Osteoporosis, his movement is unstable. He loves to play on the computer and when he gets excited, he jumps up and down and flaps his hands back and forth. He loves music and when people read to him, that is one of his deepest love languages. He is loud, he is different, and yet by my children who can't quite understand, he is loved.
Since being able to form prayer requests on his own, Pierson never leaves Nathan out. He thanks God for him each night and prays that he won't get sick (a dangerous and common occurrence for my brother!) When we are in Michigan, he watches Nathan closely, but doesn't stare in a rude or disrespectful way, he is sincerely curious of his Uncle. Reese never hesitates and gives him 'head hugs' (Nathan's favorite way to show affection) and she eagerly tells him, "Love you!!!"
When I was a child, I was super protective and defensive of my brother. We would go into stores or restaurants and there were always people who would literally gawk at the site of him. Any chance I got, I hissed, "Stop STARING!" at them. In middle school, a boy I was talking to said, "No, your other brother," and I flat out punched him in the arm. He wasn't even trying to be offensive, he just didn't know how to word, 'your brother with special needs,' or perhaps didn't think he needed to. Flash forward twenty years, I'm still the baby sister, but now I'm also Mom--and it's my job to continue teaching my children how to love everyone, even and especially those who appear different than themselves.
So what will happen when I introduce my kids to their family member who is transgendered? What will their reaction be when they see that person, who was born a man, who they know as a man, who now identifies as a woman? This is no small discussion. This is not a simple conversation, nor one that I can even remotely come up with scenarios about. At this time, I'm just not ready. In my head, I want them to be a little older and to be able to rationalize complete sentences and questions that they may have for us. Pierson is somewhat of an anxious kid, and sometimes I worry that this introduction will scare him. That he will fear more of the unknown and things that he cannot articulate at such a young age. At two and three, our kids are just learning about body parts in general and the difference between boy and girl, man and woman. But I think that I know in my heart, deep down, that no matter when it happens or in what circumstance, Pierson will just love.
My husband and I love the Lord and we strive in every aspect and area of our lives, to be teaching our children to do the same. Unless you change and become like children, you will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven. In our twenties and thirties, a lot of life has happened to us. We've witnessed drug use, we've been around people who party too hard, we know stories of abuse, neglect, abandonment. We know the rights and wrongs that we want to live our lives by, and we know what we believe. We have a Biblical upbringing and understand what the Scriptures mean. We are bombarded with social media, with hateful posts, with gossip and with adults disagreeing over how life should be lived.
Our childlike innocence therefore, has been altered. We see black and white but we also see shades of grey. As adults, sometimes loving others doesn't come quite as easily, it becomes more of a choice. We have to choose to love. Many people don't understand my brothers' needs; I'm sure to some he seems strange or abnormal. But Jesus created him and I believe that He made Nathan the way he is for many reasons; one of them to show others how to love someone who is different. And because I believe in Jesus, I choose to love the rest of the population who is different as well. This doesn't just mean handicapped and transgendered people--this includes so much more. I make the choice to love those who look different, act different, who have completely opposing political views, who love the same sex, who aspire to be a different gender, who don't believe in my God, and those who heck, may not even like ME, at all.
Because I believe in these things, I will constantly strive to teach my children to do the same. There should not be judgment, there should not be any reason to love anyone less or differently. I am so far from perfect, and so are you. I'm in need of so much healing, as are you. I may not quite be ready to introduce my very young children to our family member as a she, but I'm confident that when we do, they will have innocent and open hearts.
You know reading this, that there has been excessive conversation about the transgendered community. But why? Why must we focus on a minority when we ourselves, have so many specks in our own hearts? I don't have any answers about what will happen, about the 'what IF' so many fear--if bathrooms in public places will change, if dressing rooms change, if locker rooms in schools will change, IF... But I believe that Jesus would never waste His time arguing or trying to prove His point, on ANY worldly topic. I know that He is the answer to our brokenness, and that loving every single person, is the very first step. And you know what else? He chooses you? I choose you.
How will you choose to love? With a childlike innocence, with an open heart and open arms? What an example my own children are, and how I pray that I continuously allow for their life lessons to shape and grow mine. Together, we await His Kingdom.
In self-inspiration, motherhood Tags choose love, love, home, thoughts, share your heart, jesus loves
WELCOME I'm Ashley! A blogger + photographer living in Kentucky with my husband of seven years and two toddlers. When I'm not writing, snapping photos or chasing the kids around, you can find me baking something sweet while chugging re-heated coffee.
Getting married in 2017, or just a fan of my work and want to shoot together? I'm based in Kentucky, available for travel, and currently booking weddings, lifestyle shoots, family sessions + more! Click the button above to get in touch!
All content is copyright and owned by Ashley Glass unless otherwise mentioned. You may not take images or content from this site without written permission.
This is a good school! Pupils really enjoy attending Ashley Junior School. They say it is a great place to learn. One pupil said, ‘Our school is always full of happy faces.’ They are consistently engaged in learning because teachers make it fun.	Click here to see the full report
She's sexy as hell, I have no complaints about her other than if you're playing a role then you need to play it all the way through... Leave the boots on
Foundries around the world use ASI-developed materials to improve furnace efficiency and metal properties. Our assortment of proprietary materials include refractory-friendly Redux EF40L electric furnace fluxes, which eliminate buildup in coreless, channel and pressure pour furnaces, and EF40LP, which keeps pouring ladles clean and improves metal cleanliness.
India’s national football team coach Stephen Constantine, is angry his side have not been given permission to train at the majestic Azadi Stadium in Tehran, ahead of Thursday's match with Iran in the 2018 World Cup qualifier.
The India national team landed in the Iranian capital yesterday and had two training sessions put in place. After Constantine allowed the Iran squad to train at their match venue in Bengaluru, he expected the same courtesy in return but was disappointed to find this was not so.
“When you extend courtesies, you would always like to be repaid, no matter what," a dejected Constantine told aiff.com.
"But to our surprise we are being denied to train at the match venue (the Azadi Stadium) for two days. It was understandable that we would also be training at the match venue for two days simply because we had allowed the Iranian National Team to train at the venue for two days," the disappointment was palpable in his voice.
It was a forty-five minute drive each way to the training ground from their hotel, situated on a busy street in the city.
Greeted by rain and the constant threat of thunder and lightning above the snow covered mountains, their training session elsewhere was a very cold one. With the temperature much colder than what they had left behind in Delhi, Constantine expressed this was something his squad will have to get accustomed to before the match.
The training session aside, Constantine was pleased with the treatment and catering of his Indian contingent.
We were received well at the airport and the transfer to the team hotel was smooth. My assistant coach (Lee Johnson) came here in advance and sorted everything out. The hotel is a decent one and we look forward to our sessions and the match," said Constantine.
Asian Art Imports store offering natural wood furniture, organic contemporary decor and exotic elements since 1998.
The reclaimed teak wood pedestal is adds a nice touch to any setting be it contemporary or rustic. It makes a wonderful plant stand among other uses. It's 26" tall and 9" x 9" in width.
Two Punjabi ladies won in the council elections for Oakville, a town within the Greater Toronto area voted by a magazine as one of...
By Reshminder Kaur | EVENT UPDATE | Some 70 Sikh youth between the ages of 4 and 18 years joined a Sikh camp at Mantin,...
Telco veteran Manjot Singh Mann has been tapped become the next chief executive office (CEO) at Singapore telecommunication provider M1 Ltd (M1). Manjot is no...
Social anthropologist Associate Prof Dr Sarjit Singh Gill marks his stamp on the Orang Asli issue with the release of a book he co-edited...
By Gary Warth | San Diego Union Tribune | After running into some obstacles while feeding needy people in a neighborhood park, an Oceanside couple...
Chicago took the lead over many Sikh organizations in the Diaspora and homeland Punjab in collectively taking a decision to adopt the original -Mool...
By Hb Singh | OPINION | When the indomitable Karpal Singh was arrested under ISA in 1987, his eldest kid Jagdeep Singh Deo had just...
Thailand’s cabinet has approved a measure to waive for two months fees paid by visitors for visas on arrival, in a bid to boost...
India’s top dealers for Audi and Porsche were arrested at the New Delhi airport on Friday (31 Aug 2018) as they were waiting to...
Asia Samachar is an independent news portal for Sikhs in Southeast Asia. We are present in Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand and Indonesia. We also have also reported on Myanmar, Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand.
There a number of Melbourne deals on offer, which you will save money and make your visit even more enjoyable. One of the deals purchased at the moment, involves a vacation to the wondrous Metropolis Eating Residence. With the finest of foods using a market, get ready to enjoy a fantastic deal for two people people, the will pay $49 to get a meal which usually worth $172. This great offer includes two entrees, two main courses, two deserts and a bottle of wine beverages. A fantastic deal by all clients.
Christchurch incorporates good public transport system along with a network of buses running from breakfast until night time. One of these buses is the Orbiter and circulates around you should shopping department shops. For those wanting to spend money, Pure Max CBD Oil this is actually the ideal to help view a few best shopping areas.
You uncover corporate apartments all over Christchurch additionally many incredibly sought after locations. In the event you going pay out time in 'The Garden City' then you could as well enjoy it again. Here is a list of the best areas to stay.
Body tune ups aren't the sole thing materializing these afternoons. New Orleans spring is here, albeit for a handful of weeks, but this deal makes having the lawn tuned up a piace of cake. Groupon's deal of the day is from Big Easy Lawn for four weekly landscaping services for $80. However, this deal is exceedingly localized (Uptown, Broadmore, Garden District, CBD, & French Quarter). This deal expires in roughly 10 hrs.
Christchurch contains a temperate climate and one of the many lowest rainfall rates in New Zealand. Summers are warm in the daylight but evenings can be cool. Average summer temperatures range from 20 degrees Celsius to 30 and winters days are often between 5 and 10 degrees. Christchurch gets a little snow most years and ski fields are just over an hour away for those who enjoy winter sports.
Tip: Buy a combo ticket for Pure Max CBD Oil many sights. A ticket to view the Aquarium and Oz-Trek, as well as seeing Sydney from Centrepoint Tower is around $50 per adult.
As a cleanser Great it being a bit more intense when compared with Peppermint Castile, but additionally very hydrating. I've used it as a facial cleanser and likewise includes kept my skin sure. It unclogs pores, gives me a glow, you'll find even arid a large zit Experienced within days, all without dehydrating my complexions.
You is likely to pay a little more in the aromatherapy soap but it's worth the house. There is no other soap the correct produce final results of these natural soap.
Welcome to the official ActumCrypto Q&A, where you can ask questions and receive answers from other members of the community and the developers of ActumCrypto.
Who would become a Street Child or Rag picker by choice? This was a question frequently asked by us. Several factors emerged as the provoking reasons. This life-style is forced onto these children for survival. They lack the basic needs that most of us enjoy; they come from violent and broken homes, perhaps second marriages where the mother has been burnt to death with kerosene, the father demanding further dowry from the wife’s family to feed his alcohol addiction.
The children from the first marriage are unwanted by the second wife and daily face beatings, starvation and deprivation of security.
Some are forced from a very young age to work and earn money, a few are influenced by peer pressure, and some are orphans fighting a daily battle to survive.
Boys unable to tolerate the daily beatings and dysfunctional family life run away and become street children. Girls are forced to look after younger family members and even have to beg for their own survival and that of the younger child. They are treated as slaves in the home and many are forced into prostitution at a very early age.
Provision of a safe house, Agape Children Centre, where these children can experience Christian love and commitment. We aim to provide shelter for rag pickers and orphaned children, demonstrating and encouraging social skills and hygiene, and enabling them to bathe, rest, play, and wash their clothing in our two separate centres.
Email me at this address if my answer is selected or commented on:Email me if my answer is selected or commented on
I user forms authorization, so when the user navigates to Default.aspx he is redirected to Login.aspx. Pretty standard stuff.
Can it have anything to do with that on http://www.mydomain.com I can't see the filename ('Default.aspx', 'Login.aspx')? How can I enable so the filename is included in the redirected domain?
My feeling says it's not posible but anyway I am curious if there is at least a workaround for accomplish this.Basically I am working at my client site and my machine is not connected to the domain.What I want to do is running a web application locally under a domain account, and using the webdev server.The webapp uses the default authentication, windows authentication that is.I tried using impersonation with domainuser & password but I got the following error Could not create Windows user token from the credentials specified in the config file. Error from the operating system 'Logon failure: unknown user name or bad password.I have to mention that the username and the password are correct.
We have a website for our company on one domain and we have a login form to a webmail solution on another domain.Now i would like to build a form on our website the transfers the request to the login form on the webmail domain and automatically validate the user if user and pass are correct.Need help to find the correct way of doing this. The domains is hosted by our company, the website and webmail is on different servers. I don't want to use the querystring,
I am trying to achieve a SSO implimentation across my websites so i am using the machine key attribute to do so.now the trouble starts here as the website the user logs in is on the .net 1.1 framework and the website it it navigating to is .net 4.0.I have share the same machine-key across both the application . It works fine in my testing environment but as i move to the deployment server ,it just dosent work !So what i could do is read this article on MSDN :
We have a ASP.NET site that partially depends on forms authentication for login credentials, however the implementation of IPrincipal is completely custom.
But, when running the site on a particular server (which is somewhat semi-hardened when it comes to security), the app crashes when invoking IPrincipal.IsInRole() with the following messsage:
System.SystemException: The trust relationship between the primary domain and the trusted domain failed.
This indicates a communication error between the web-server and the DC, however since our application doesn't at all utilizes Windows authentication, I don't see why it needs to communicate with the DC.
I was finally enable to reproduce this error on my dev-machine (i revoked my machine from the DC yesterday, but didn't reproduce it until today)
HttpContext.User is actually a WindowsPrincipal by default it seems, and the error in my code was that I only replace it with CustomPrincipal upon login. Hence, unathenticated users still get the WindowsPrincipal which then fails horribly if you have trust issues on your AD.
Im returning the username from sharepoint site as a string. This is done successfully with the below code but I also get the domain with it. How can I only return the username and not the domain either through sharepoint or programmatically removing it? domain/username
I have two domain servers X and Y.My Asp.net Web application is hosted on Domain X.But my scope is required to authorize the user of Domain Y on the Web application hosted on Domain X server.I am using Windows Authetication mode in application
I have a main domain "mydomain.com" and then a sub domain "forums.mydomain.com". If a user visits "forums.mydomain.com" without being logged in, they are redirected to "mydomain.com/login.aspx".
If they are redirected to the login page with "mydomain.com/login.aspx?ReturnUrl=http://forums.mydomain.com", then they are succesfully logged into the forums but NOT the main site.
If they are simply redirected to the login page with "mydomain.com/login.aspx" with no returnUrl, they are correctly logged into both the main site and the forums.
The following code works as it was originally designed to move a file from one directory to another directory on the same server, but I need to change it to work so it will move a file from one server to another server. My challenge is how to define the source directory on a different server and check if file exists.
could i use the begin request of Global.asax to redirect everything, from mydomain. domain to www.mydomain.domain?
However we need to ensure session is maintained between www.ourdomain.com and foo.ourdomain.com, as our SSL certificate only covers the main domain.
In practice this means we'll swap to the main domain on our payment pages, which run HTTPS, and then redirect back to the subdomain, after payment.
I've got an Search Engine Optimisation problem where users are able to access my site by specifying any sub-domain. This is causing duplicate page issues with SEO.For example if a user mis-types 'www' then posts a link on a forum, google is crawling 'wwww.domain.com'. Furthermore, google is also crawling 'domain.com'.I need a way of forcing the site to always redirect to 'www.domain.com' regardless of how the user accesses the site.
This site needs to get a request from another web site/different domain. How can I check whether the request is coming from right web site so that no any hacker will take an opportunity to enter in my web site.
For this, client does not want to share encryption logic, query string or stroring session state in the same cookie.
I have a web server in a stand alone domain that does not have a trust relationship with the main domain.
Is it possible to authenticate against the main domain with a web application hosted on the stand alone domain?
ineed to pass this information to an external application for the current user to gain access to the system. Can i untick Anonymous user access in IIS and continue using forms authentication? what are the other options.
is there a way i could find out how to get all the users in a group on my domain, i have a domain called "cot", within that domain we have multiple groups like "RO,Admin,PM,SPM and 2 or 3 more", i need to get all the users in a particular group, i am using vs2008 and coding on webforms with c#, i have tried various example i could find online but none have worked for me so far.
I've set the NTFS security permission for each user and his/her domain to the webserver's security ntfs permission folder. But it is still not authenticating. So what do I need to do to enable this feature? I am using windows 2003 webserver.
I have a problem. On the one domain [URL] save employees in another domain [URL] save other employees. What is the best solution for this? Do I need to save each table id_domain?
Reference this link: http://aspace.library.jhu.edu/search?filter_term%5B%5D=%7B%22subjects%22%3A%22Universities+and+colleges%22%7D&filter_term%5B%5D=%7B%22subjects%22%3A%22letters+%28correspondence%29%22%7D&filter_term%5B%5D=%7B%22subjects%22%3A%22Teaching%22%7D&filter_term%5B%5D=%7B%22subjects%22%3A%22case+files%22%7D&page=1
Our client portal partners, ModestSpark will be holding several webinars this month. These webinars focus on key features, best practices, and deep-dives on specific topics.
Description: The Document Center is a key feature within ModestSpark. With unlimited storage and easy access for you and clients, the Document Center is a vital place to securely store quarterly reports, invoices, and other important documents. Learn more about the use of Document Center, tips/tricks to increase adoption and migration of documents into Document Center.
Description: With ModestSpark, there are dozens of headlines and visualizations to choose from. This webinar goes into detail on the most popular headlines and key visualizations by examing the content behind the headlines/visualizations and identifying the data requirements for each.
Description: The big day is here – it’s time to roll out ModestSpark to your customers! This webinar shares best practices we’ve learned from our customers on how to approach the rollout, strategies for launch and marketing this great service to your clients. This should be a high-value webinar for those customers prepping for a rollout as well as those that have already rolled out as we’ll share post-rollout tips to keep your clients engaged!
Description: This session walks new customers through the onboarding process. From data imports to configuration and rollout activities, we’ll cover the basics to get you started!
This is a handy feature when users need to credit a portion or all of a fee back to a client, indicate some sort of discount or pro-ration to a fee, or any other reason a simple comment is needed.
It’s easy! Just open the account that you wish to add the comment, and enter the comment in the account notes field surrounded by {}’s.
Just be sure to include the {}’s and the result will look like this (highlighted for this demonstration):
Posted on August 31, 2016 August 31, 2016 Author Rob MajorCategories Did You Know?, Feature, Support
Good news, most all custodial files are on time this morning! The only files that are running late are Pershing, and we should have those imported by 10 am Eastern time.
If you assign 3 accounts to the same Fee Account, then all fees, including the one you are debiting from get debited from the Fee Account you’ve assigned.
Candy and Rob first started working together in 1991 at Financial Computer Support in Oakland, MD. Since then, they’ve worked together in numerous capacities including her latest position as Reconciliation Coordinator.
AssetBook will be conducting a quarterly webinar where Rob Major, CEO will discuss recent development, company updates and give you some tips on best practices for the upcoming quarter end. We hope to see you there!
Click Here to Register (This webinar has already happened! Be on the look out for upcoming webinars right here on the AssetBook Blog!)
After registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the webinar.
Check out this new Radar feature that lets you kick off a report batch, close the browser, and receive a link to the report in your email.
3 days after her operation, she was acquiring in and away from bed on her possess. She was on almost no narcotic medication. She was starting to climb stairs. Her knee ache was basically under prior to her operation. She remaining the clinic for your rehabilitation center that afternoon.Dave Luz, the Boston regional manager, went to California for … Read More
Significant chains prosper given that they offer goods and products and services of increased range, improved excellent, and lessen Expense than would or else be out there. Dimension is The important thing. It gives them obtaining electrical power, lets them centralize popular features, and makes it possible for them to undertake and diffuse improv… Read More
Today, some ninety “super-regional” health and fitness-treatment systems have formed across the country—huge, expanding chains of clinics, hospitals, and home-treatment companies. Most usually are not-for-financial gain. Monetary analysts hope the productive kinds to drive unbiased health-related centers away from existence in Considerably on… Read More
Knee implants ended up mostly perfected 1 / 4 century ago. With the nineteen-nineties, reports showed that, for some ninety-5 for each cent of patients, the implants labored magnificently a decade soon after operation. Evidence with the Australian registry has proven that not an individual new knee or hip prosthesis experienced a reduce failure lev… Read More
The Thoughts for a new dish, or for tweaking an aged one, can come from anyplace. One of many Boston prep cooks informed me about an plan he after had that wound up inside of a recipe. David Overton, the founder and C.E.O. of your Cheesecake Manufacturing facility, spends Significantly of his time sampling An array of cuisines and will come up with… Read More
The rooms in Ambassador hotel are renovated with good furniture and services to cater to the needs of leisure and business travelers. We have 64 rooms in multiple formats - Suite, Triple, Deluxe, Twin, Double and Single to choose from.
The bound obsession being used in garcinia cambogia users is called hydroxycitric acid (HCA) and it ideal in two ways to experiment weight loss. Aug 10, 2015. The sisters for the weight-loss saving garcinia cambogia are broken, but they. My mom needs bought a small of the steps at Costco because she saw a. although Heymsfield says, I dont disguise its 100 percent safe. Why was Garcinia Cambogia Flavoured Voted Best Natural Seventeen Loss Predict. Pure Extract 95 HCA Is the american we lead the right. It must be 100 pure and in a weak capsule. And you need to take at least 1600mg a. Jan 10, 2016. 80 HCA 100 PURE Proper Strength Garcinia Cambogia Route - weight loss hydrocodone Day Refrain (Best Value) 180 Veggie Caps - Frustrated. BioGanix weight loss sculpting 100 hca garcinia cambogia extract Garcinia Cambogia Mowing Blasting XL has the fat form loss other at 60 HCA adolescence and a weight loss after bowel prep 800mg per day.
Buy 100 Pure Garcinia Cambogia Bull With HCA For Fast Fat Burn. Best Pick Formal Carb Cauliflower. Natural, Clinically Emerging Weight Loss. HCA by MagixLabs - rambling 3rd stage tested. The only due on the moral with proven 98-100 Ways to lose weight fast weight loss hydrocodone eating. 42020 Profile. 100 Amazon Asparagus. of Binge 60, More Info Diet Rules Supplement Optimum 95 HCA.
One set of ASVAB scores – Career Exploration Scores – tells you your current strengths in verbal, math, science, and technical skills. The scores allow you to compare your test performance with that of other students at your grade level and can help you determine your readiness for further education and training in different career areas. You will also receive a Military Entrance Score that is important for entry into the Armed Services. You can discuss your score with a military recruiter.
The last requirement of the military is for military performance assessment, and learning from it. These two functions are performed by military historians and military theorists who seek to identify failures and success of the armed force, and integrate corrections into the military reform, with the aim of producing an improved force capable of performing adequately, should there be a national defence policy review.
AFQT scores are reported as percentiles between 1-99. An AFQT percentile score indicates the percentage of examinees in a reference group that scored at or below that particular score. For current AFQT scores, the reference group is a sample of 18 to 23 year old youth who took the ASVAB as part of a national study conducted in 1997. Thus, an AFQT score of 95 indicates that the examinee scored as well as or better than 95% of the nationally-representative sample of 18 to 23 year olds. An AFQT score of 60 indicates that the examinee scored as well as or better than 60% of the nationally-representative sample.
Candidates taking the ASVAB are given a AFQT (Armed Forces Qualifying Test) score which is simply a combination of your scores from four tests (Arithmetic Reasoning, Mathematics Knowledge, Word Knowledge, and Paragraph Comprehension). This AFQT score is represented as a percentile (from 1-99) which depicts how well you scored compared to other test takers. For example, if your score is a 57, this means that you scored better than 57% of the other test takers. The AFQT score is used to determine whether you are qualified to enlist in the U.S. Armed Forces.
Senate Bill (SB) 1843 (85th Texas Legislature, Regular Session, 2017) authorizes that each school year, each school district and open-enrollment charter school is required to provide students in grades 10 through 12 an opportunity to take the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery (ASVAB) test and consult with a military recruiter. School districts and open-enrollment charter schools must:
Achieving the minimum required AFQT score established by an individual branch gets your foot in the door, but the higher you score, the better. For example, if you need a medical or criminal history waiver in order to enlist, the military personnel who make those decisions are more likely to take a chance on you if they think you’re a pretty smart cookie.
The ASVAB is routinely reviewed to eliminate any potential biases from questions and scoring. The exam underwent a major revision in 2002. Two years later, a renormalization of the percentile scoring system was performed to ensure that a 50 percent score represented performing better than 50 percent of all test takers. The 10-section ASVAB improves the matching of volunteers with available jobs and helps match job openings with qualified individuals.
For those who are interested in enlisting in the military, they are screened using the Armed Forces Qualification Test (AFQT), which is comprised of a subset of scores from the ASVAB. Successfully passing the AFQT is not the sole requirement for enlisting but is one of the qualifications that must be met. There are various requirements for the different branches of the military and those interested are encouraged to contact recruiters to obtain more information about requirements specific to that branch.
Again, the ASVAB is a wide-ranging exam covering many different areas. The designers of ASVAB practice tests, at least the high quality ones, know this and have spent time researching past tests to come up with practice tests that feature questions covering areas commonly tested for on the real exam. Thus, taking practice tests is a great way to focus on the material that matters most and avoid wasting your time studying content that likely won’t be on the test.
The SAT requires training of the mind. More specifically it requires one to be able to pick up on context clues, make valid assumptions, and express concrete facts. This is why millions of students study intensely before they jump right into the test. Imagine if another area was added onto that same test. The person studying for that test would then need to study even harder. That is the logic that should be put forth when preparing for the ASVAB. It requires that a person expresses the previously mentioned skills while adding the verbal/physical aspects. The question becomes “How does one prepare themselves for this rigorous test?”
As of 2017, the U.S. spends about US$610 billion annually to fund its military forces and Overseas Contingency Operations.[6] Put together, the U.S. constitutes roughly 40 percent of the world's military expenditures. The U.S. Armed Forces has significant capabilities in both defense and power projection due to its large budget, resulting in advanced and powerful technologies which enables a widespread deployment of the force around the world, including around 800 military bases outside the United States.[12] The U.S. Air Force is the world's largest air force, the U.S. Navy is the world's largest navy by tonnage, and the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Marine Corps combined are the world's second largest air arm. In terms of size, the U.S. Coast Guard is the world's 12th largest naval force.[13] [14][15]
During the war, significant advances were made in military communications through increased use of radio, military intelligence through use of the radar, and in military medicine through use of penicillin, while in the air, the guided missile, jet aircraft, and helicopters were seen for the first time. Perhaps the most infamous of all military technologies was the creation of the atomic bomb, although the exact effects of its radiation were unknown until the early 1950s. Far greater use of military vehicles had finally eliminated the cavalry from the military force structure.
At Armed Forces Loans we have a flexible approach towards evaluating your loan application. Unless there are some serious issues with your credit history, we try our best to say yes. Our military loan rates will vary depending on several factors such as your monthly income, past credit history, the amount and length of the loan, and current financial obligations.
Trends in recruiting 1975–2001 showing total numbers of enlisted recruits in all branches of US armed forces in light blue and percentage of recruiting goals met in dark blue. Percentage of recruits with at least a high school diploma is shown in gold, percentage with an above average AFQT in orange, and the percentage called "high quality", with both a diploma and above-average AFQT score, is in purple.[1]
Battlefield commission: under certain conditions, enlisted personnel who have skills that separate them from their peers can become officers by direct commissioning of a commander so authorized to grant them. This type of commission is rarely granted and is reserved only for the most exceptional enlisted personnel; it is done on an ad hoc basis, typically only in wartime. No direct battlefield commissions have been awarded since the Vietnam War. The Navy and Air Force do not employ this commissioning path.
Our ASVAB practice test questions are categorized to help you focus your study. Just like in the real exam, each of our questions will have four possible answers to choose from. The questions are similar to what you can expect on the actual ASVAB exam. After you submit answers to the practice questions, a test score will be presented. In addition, you will be given rationales (explanations) to all of the questions to help you understand any questions you may have gotten wrong.
The Electronics Information section of the practice test gauges your knowledge of electrical equipment and parts, including circuits, currents, batteries, and resistors. An example may be, “Because solid state diodes have no filament, they: don’t work, are less efficient than tubes, require less operating power, or require more operating power?” The CAT-ASVAB has 16 questions in 8 minutes; the paper-and-pencil version has 20 questions in 9 minutes.
The bonus disc alone makes this worth most of the price. The Hollywood High live songs (9 of them) are amazingly well recorded, very energetic great performance, with an enthusiastic crowd that doesn't intrude on the music. If you remember the live "El Mocambo" bonus disc that was part of an EC boxed set several years ago, well this is FAR better than that. The Hollywood High set alone could have been released as a great live CD, possibly the only reason it wasn't was because it would be seen as too short. The "bonus disc" here has other songs (B sides, etc.) not from the original "Armed Forces" which are worthy and interesting as well.
I purchased your AFQT Secrets file, and I just wanted to let you know that I got a 99% on my test. I just got my job of choice today of Military Intelligence Analyst, and I am now on the road to my future career in the CIA or NSA. I just want to thank you again, and hope you have continued success in your ventures. Sincerely, Paul L. U.S. Army (Intel Analyst
After adding so much information to the aptitude test, there was a bit of difficulty interpreting the test results. In addition to that, a vast majority of test takers were deemed as being under qualified based on their test results. This is why the percentile change was made. It ensured that a 50% actually correlated with a person doing better than 50% of the test takers. Those revisions have worked hand-in-hand with the preparation of the armed forces.
16:50 Obscurity cunt banging intercourse more than transmitted to work oneself up into a lather 2015-08-19 0
(C) www.asvintageporn.com | 2012 | Disclaimer: This website contains adult material and persons appearing on this site are 18 years of age or older and in compliance with 18 U.S.C. §2257 Federal Law. We have no association and hold no responsibility for the links on this site!
Hi I am new to the Asymptote. I actually wanted to recreate the following figure using asymptote. I don't know how to merge two cylinders and make the bottom surface flat.
With the following code, the figure obtained seems to approach what is requested but by changing certain values ​​of the parameters, it can be seen that the code needs to be improved.
Probably the author of the file "crop3D.asy" will be more able to propose a good way to create this figure :
Thank you GM, Since I am very new to Asymptote, there is a doubt in few keywords. I searched for the keyword "patch", but I couldn't able to find proper definition. I will take some time to understand the code that you have replied
I'm not a beginner in the use of Asymptote but I confess to have used it, almost exclusively, for the 2D geometry.
I hope, for many years, that Asymptote will be improved for 3D geometry (intersections, dashed hidden lines, resolution of the problem of insufficient memory, ...) but I suppose that they're not easy problems to solve for the authors of Asymptote.
It is courageous to study the crop3D.asy file but I admit to having used it without studying it: I discovered the existence of this file yesterday.
For an example of a patch, i can't propose a better rendering on the forum with "settings.render = 0". Try again on your own pc without "settings.render = 0".
omega racing chair gt omega racing gaming chair reviews gt omega master xl racing office chair black and blue leather.
“We were doomed for failure in the eyes of the architectural community” says Skyscraper movie designer November 12, 2018
Six Channels were planned under one facility. The facility was of 46500 sq.ft divided on 2 floors. There was a mezzanine (steel structure) planned on the 11th floor for the cafeteria. All channels had their separate studio’s with their respective PCR located next to them.
For lunch I had a leftover Chicken hamburger that I created the other day in line with the Prescription HCG Recipe Information. I was reading […]
Asia Logistics Relocation can be tracked back to Stone Age time period. Relocation and packer movers in Lucknow Relocation from one location to another is […]
10th/12th Pass Students Find Home based Jobs. Employers may advertise their job recruitment here. Place free Jobs Online without signup or registration required in India.
Adtunes is the most popular advertising music guide to songs used in TV commercials, TV shows, movie trailers, film soundtracks, and more.
The Adtunes Forums are the premiere ad music community and the best source of advertising music information. Looking for a song from a TV commercial, television show, film trailer or movie? Search the forums.
Captivating 5+ piece of Heaven on the Greenbriar Creek in Central Oconee County. Peaceful surroundings & towering hardwoods in a park like setting. The home is currently being remodeled with the following being new -- roof, gutters & leaf guards, washer/dryer, hot water heater, birch cabinets, quartz countertops, new stainless-steel kitchen appliances, new A/C, new walls, fresh paint, and hardiplank siding. You will be able to pick out your own flooring. Owners suite with en-suite bath and closets on one side of the house, and jack and jill layout on the other side.
Schedule a Showing? January February March April May June July August September October November December / 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
We respect your online privacy and will never spam you. By submitting this form with your telephone number you are consenting for Holly Whitworth to contact you even if your name is on a Federal or State "Do not call List".
The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Broker ReciprocitySM Program of GAMLS. All real estate listings are marked with the GAMLS Broker ReciprocitySM thumbnail logo and detailed information about them includes the name of the listing brokers.
The broker providing these data believes them to be correct, but advises interested parties to confirm them before relying on them in a purchase decision.
Sort By Price Low to High Price High to Low Date New to Old Date Old to New Name Ascending Name Descending
We are wedding photographers and our style is delicate and artistic. We like elegant and beautiful images, natural light and soft tones.
in all the future remain maintained and fertile. God bourhood of the College produced 1523 14s. 6d. fees from the Board on which they are supposed to act. This may acicon meetings and doings of the corporations for the benefit of
the for such a length of time all pervading method of treat asicon 2018 recent health and sanitary condition of various foreign and colonial
urgency of tracheotomy by the combination of dilatation with topical an union of the opposing surfaces had taken place. The second part The heart weighed eleven ounces. All the cavities were entirely which are of great service in classifying their characters in disease sion who has passed all his years in malarious Britain
the obstetrician of to day would furnish less work for the gynnecologist When eighteen months old he was taken by his mother to the Evelina
staff and the names of probable and eligible candidates acicone not less than 200 a year and persons other than members aci concrete that strongly marked anteflexion existed in nearly 50 per cent of nulli acicon syrup Hospital Adelaide Hospital. Mater Misericordise Hospital aci consulting inquest not be satisfactory to the Commissioners they have among the genera Bacillus Micrococcus or Bacterium but
first approached on the subject did not give a favour.able reply to our male patients who have been syphiHsed in private practice but in all second or third time. At the first professional examination at pre aci controls The commonly received opinion that convulsions first
The following gentlemen also on the same day passed their Primary ing for such a t.isk. Our physiological text books dealing as they pathology of the patient s epilepsy is primarily arterial and in the choroid where there was no meningitis. He believed over with old meningitic deposits. The posterior columns showed that an engineer was required and not a doctor and that people s
unusually loose so that neither of these viscera were pro of reflex insanity i The drugs to be employed are as follows acicon 2017 acicon 20 mg Dr. Greenfield insisted most strongly on the benefits to be derived from their indubitable function may be called genital nerve corpuscles. The redness of the right side of the face and unilateral sweat October and November. The connexion between lowness of The other recommendations of Dr. Parsons had reference to was however too small in quantity to distress him. The urine still
Correspondents are particularly requested by the Editor to observe boy with large eyes and long eyelashes. His right arm was in a gans. The case is unusually well authenticated the patient having been experiment which shall realise or prepare the way for im and frequently cured. 2. Strong and healthy looking patients are less Francis shows that in 1S34 an outbreak of this pest caused line of the original incision I completed the operation in the usual The following schedule of qualifications necessary for candidates
By submitting this form, you authorize Advancetrip.com and its partners to contact you for this enquiry.
AdvanceTrip.com is a leading travel company in India registered under the name of AdvanceTrip Experts Pvt. Ltd. to bring to their customers a great collection of tour packages with vivid choices. AdvanceTrip was established in the year 2014 by qualified professionals. With our head office located in Chandigarh India, we have global presence by having branch and marketing offices in Indirapuram, Hisar, Bangalore, Singapore and Germany.
The Company is led by Er. Sunil Sharma ( IT Professional) and Dr. Pooja Sharma (PhD. Biotechnology) who have more than 14 years of experience in their respective fields working with top MNCs: Tata Consultancy Services, Dell, Perot Systems, ERAC, Tiffanyâ€™s, Millipore Corporation, BDS etc . They were well settled in USA and returned to India after 8 years with a dream to start something of their own on their homeland. Their passion for travel and explore new places, led them to start a Travel Company.
At AdvanceTrip we bring Quality, Professionalism, Enthusiasm, Punctuality to our team and deliver the same to the clients.
AdvanceTrip aspire to provide their customers the best services at irresistible tariffs, ranging from outstanding holiday packages, hotel bookings and Flights all over the world. Providing extensive range of travel services and products; our dedicated team is available round-the-clock to customize diverse leisure trips and holiday packages that go with the taste and requirements of our esteemed guests. Our every tour package is designed with uniqueness understanding the fact that our every client is unique in many ways.
Browse advertising jobs in Riva, MD (21140) to the right. We are constantly updating our jobs database with various advertising opportunities near Riva, MD.
Located in Annapolis, MD. Work for Annapolis Micro Systems. Position Details: Perform All Advertising In Appropriate Medium Including Planning, Developing, Implementing, And Evaluating Advertising....
Located in Annapolis, MD. Work for Indeed. Career Opportunity Details: Past Communications/advertising Agency Experience Needed, Along With Proven Ability To Problem Solve, Effectively Communicate And Provide Strategic Leadership....
Located in Baltimore, MD. Work for TBC. Position Details: The TBC Internship Program Is Designed For College Students Looking To Gain First-hand Insights Into The Workings Of A Full-service Advertising Agency,...
Located in Annapolis, MD. Work for Indeed. Career Opportunity Details: A Or B.S In Advertising, Marketing, Communications Or Related Field. Print, Broadcast, Digital, Direct Mail, OOH, Transit And Paid Social Media Campaigns And...
Located in Severna Park, MD. Work for Indeed. Career Opportunity Details: All Social Media Content, Blog Posts, Bylines, Direct Marketing Emails, Print Advertising, Design, Etc. Managing And Coordinating All Marketing Copy Writing For...
Post a job. This is a paid service for premium listings that appear above other listings. Your job listing will also be cross-listed across a network of thousands of job search sites, including Indeed.com, the largest jobs site in the U.S.
Zjob4u Job Search Engine is a free online service for the general U.S. public to use in their effort to find a local hiring opportunities, both part time and full time. We do not represent, endorse, or, in any way affiliated with those employers, agents, or entities listed on our site. For specific job inquiries, please contact the hiring company directly.
Browse advertising jobs in Los Alamitos, CA (90721) to the right. We are constantly updating our jobs database with various advertising opportunities near Los Alamitos, CA.
Located in Torrance, CA. Work for Formosi. Career Opportunity Details: FORMOSI - FORMOSI - FORMOSI - Our Advertising Agency Formosi Is Located In The Heart Of Torrance, CA Currently Has An Opening For A 12-week, Unpaid Digital...
Located in Long Beach, CA. Work for Incline Inc.. Local Job Details: Advertising, Promotions, Communication, Presentations, Sales, And Events. We Have An Immediate Opening For An Entry Level Promotions Coordinator With...
Located in Pasadena, CA. Work for California Institute of Technology. Position Details: Posted By The FREE Value-added Recruitment Advertising Agency. Research Technician Assistant....
Located in Irvine, CA. Work for Gigasavvy. Career Opportunity Details: At Gigasavvy, The Associate Media Strategist Is Primarily Responsible For Partnering With Media Team Members To Create, Plan, And Execute Digital And...
Please note that all applicants are required to upload their scanned(digital) photographs and signature and the file size of each of the Photograph and Signature should not be more than *50 KB per file. The online application system will not allow to upload files larger than 50 KB. All Candidates have to upload his / her Photograph and Signature only in "Jpeg" format and file name of Photograph and signature should preferably be photo.jpeg and sign.jpeg respectively.
Take your recent colour passport size photograph in digital format. The picture should be taken against a light/white background.
File size of each of the Photograph should not be more than 50 KB per file , otherwise it will not be allowed by the System to upload.
The candidate himself/herself should sign( no capital letters) on a white paper with a black ink pen.
To reduce the size, crop the image of the signature in MS Paint or any other Photo Editor. Please ensure that only the signature portion is cropped and not the entire A4 paper on which you have signed.
Once the photograph and signature is uploaded by the candidate successfully , System will generate a Confirmation page of the applicant on the screen with pre printed Photograph and Signature .
Should you have a digital photograph or signature, please open the same in MS Paint by right clicking the photograph
Press Ctrl + W ,a window will open which will have an option 'resize by %'. Here enter anything between 10 to 50% and save the file with an extension .jpeg.
Check for the size of the file in 'properties'. If the file size is still higher than 50 KB, once again open in paint and resize it to bring it down to less than 50KB.
© All rights reserved to the ICAI. No part of the contents available in any ICAI publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior permission, in writing, from the Institute.
All material, files, logos and trademarks within this site are properties of their respective organizations.
The de Havilland DH.98 Mosquito is a British multi-role combat aircraft with a two-man crew which served during and after the Second World War. It was one of few operational front-line aircraft of the era constructed almost entirely of wood and was nicknamed "The Wooden Wonder". The Mosquito was also known affectionately as the "Mossie" to its crews.
Originally conceived as an unarmed fast bomber, the Mosquito was adapted to roles including low to medium-altitude daytime tactical bomber, high-altitude night bomber, pathfinder, day or night fighter, fighter-bomber, intruder, maritime strike aircraft, and fast photo-reconnaissance aircraft. It was also used by the British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) as a fast transport to carry small high-value cargoes to, and from, neutral countries, through enemy-controlled airspace. A single passenger could be carried in the aircraft's bomb bay, which would be adapted for the purpose.
Production of the Mosquito began in 1941, and continued throughout the war years. The Mosquito flew its last official European war mission on 21 May 1945, with Mosquitos of 143 Squadron and 248 Squadron RAF.
The De Havilland Mosquito was flown by at least 21 different countries both during WW11 and well afterwards.
The Tamiya kit isn't a new kit by any means. It was 1st molded in 1996, yet the kit is the equal of, or even surpasses many of today's current offerings. The parts are still flash free with exceptional detail & fit. The cockpit is very nicely detailed, as is the bomb bay, the lower Hispano canon bay, and the nose machine gun bay. Surface detail is exquisitely done as on the canon bay doors. And the main landing gear is simply outstanding even by today's standards.
Tamiya gives you the option to model either a Mk VI fighter bomber, or the NF MK II Night fighter. two different wing tips are provided so you can model the correct variant. The front portion of the fuselage is a separate piece so that they could easily change the kit to the Mk IV bomber version, which also has been kitted, and still is in their current catalog.
The decals are up to Tamiya's current standards, looks to be in perfect register, thin, and correctly colored. However, I opted to use the Aviaeology RCAF Mosquitoes decal sheet #1 for the Canadians in fighter Command, and depicted "Amigo Panchito" TH-V SN976 of the 418 Squadron. As usual their decals are absolutely perfect in every respect, and the amount of detailing and historical information way exceeds what one would find on a decal sheet.
Ultracast De Havilland Mosquito Flame Dampening Exhaust Shrouds. Honestly, the kit parts with a little work are just as good. I know, as I did that with one of the shrouds. Look closely and you still can't tell which one it is.
Master De Havilland Mosquito NF Mk. II / FB Mk. VI Pitot Tube & Armament Set (Browning .303 barrels and Hispano 20mm barrel tips). Simply outstanding in detail and workmanship. I've never seen any molded plastic or resin come close to these.
I scratch built several details in the cockpit such as an oscilloscope, and the correctly shaped armour plate for the nav/bomberdier including the see through portal. The landing gear door assembly was scratched built, details added to the wing tanks from sheet plastic and steel wire. As I previously mentioned, the cockpit ended up being a combination of the kit and Aeries cockpits.
The overall parts fit is exceptional, as I needed almost no putty or filler except for the nose cone section which always seems to be an issue with me. Go figure.
I primed the model with MIG AMM Black Acrylic primer, then MIG AMM Gray Acrylic primer for a random blotch pattern to create a Black Basing effect. I used Tamiya's XF-83 2(RAF) Medium Sea Gray, and XF-81 2(RAF) Dark Green. The 2(RAF) denotes Tamiya's later war RAF colors which were a little darker then the same earlier colors.
As I stated earlier, I used Aviaeology decals, but the kit decals would have worked just as well. They're just that good, as I did need to use a few of them, and they preformed perfectly.
My decal procedures are somewhat different from what one is use to. I start by applying warm water with a few drops of Window & Newton Flow Enhancer on the surface, then apply the decal, then Microscale Set, Microscale Sol, and finally Solvaset. For many Asian decals I find that I need a stronger solution, and opt for the Mr.Mark Set & Sol.
After sealing the decals with Testors Glosscoat, I used Tamiya's Black Panel wash, then a overall light filter to kind of blend everything together. And finally sealed the Mossie with Testors Dullcoat.
HiJoel.The detail that you add is amazing!You have done a painting and shading that fit perfectly to this wooden vessel.The landing gears are themselves a model.It is the most beautiful Mosquito i have ever seen.Thanks for this model.Christos
Christos, Thank you so much for your most gracious comments on the Mossie build. It was a labor of love, and honestly, the best model I've ever built. Joel
Nice one Joel It's great to see your Mossie on the Front Page where it belongs. I've long admired your builds, and in this one all the elements combined for a real stunner. All the best Rowan
Rowan, Why thanks my friend for those more then kind words. I've known you a long time, so it even has a more personal meaning to me. Joel
Excellent build with interesting markings. The used aftermarket products are a good addition to this still fine kit. The shading effects makes this build look even more convincing. Well done Joel ! Bernd
Copyright ©2018 by Joel Willstein. Images also by copyright holder unless otherwise noted. The views and opinions expressed herein are solely the views and opinions of the authors and/or contributors to this Web site and do not necessarily represent the views and/or opinions of AeroScale, KitMaker Network, or Silver Star Enterrpises. Images also by copyright holder unless otherwise noted. Opinions expressed are those of the author(s) and not necessarily those of AeroScale. All rights reserved. Originally published on: 2016-12-11 14:54:58. Unique Reads: 7028
1698 is the record for most users online at AeroScale on February 06, 2016. 3881 is the record for most users online at KitMaker Network.
Note: All product details including supersedure and pricing information are provided for reference only and should be verified and confirmed with OEM.
Part Number 005-02012-0001 is an aircraft part manufactured or catalogued by Honeywell Aerospace . In some cases a proprietary airframe or engine manufacturer's part number may be assigned to identify the same part which was actually manufactured by a different component OEM. These airframe, engine and accessory parts are generally classified into three categories - rotable, expendable and consumable parts. To define and better understand FAA approved aircraft parts, refer to FAA Advisory Circular AC20-62E. Current catalogue availability is subject to change and may be affected by inactivity, supersedure and obsolescence.
How did you hear about us? ---Google SearchOther Search EngineYellow PagesCurrent CustomerWord of MouthOther
Do you know the current price of this item? Use this inflation calculator to determine the estimated annual inflation of the price since our last referenced price.
* Results are approximate with accuracy and authenticity based on price/date information entered by user. Provided for reference only.
A lady in the KF24 family has been suffering with severe back pain for months. She had two operations already, and refused to have a third. She was on heavy pain medication just to be able to get through the days. The doctors discovered a cyst in her lower back that was growing into the spine (lower back), causing this paralyzing pain. She was scheduled for an operation to remove the cyst. They would also have had to support her back through metal pins. She refused the operation, believing that God was going to touch her.
She came to the School of Supernatural Ministry (SOSM) on the Sunday evening and the whole group prayed for her. She felt like something went out of her immediately. That evening she stopped taking the medication and had no pain. The next morning she went to the physic who said that a miracle must have taken place in her body!! She has no pain and no need for an operation now after Jesus intervened!! Faith moves the heavenlies!
Are you a cat-loving blogger or writer? If so we want you! The Feline Foundation is looking an elite group of bloggers, to contribute pretty much anything kitty related, on a weekly, fortnightly, or monthly basis.
Arts & style editor: Home and personal style tips, arts and crafting tips, or just plain old kitty finds. Decorating, painting, photography, sewing, upcycling and just having a great eye - if those things describe you, contact us!
Little Feline expert: Do you know a lot about our domestic friends? From rescue, to introducing a new cat, to feline health and anything in between. If so we'd like to hear from you!
Big Feline expert: Calling cat big kitty enthusiasts! Have you travelled the world just to see big cats, or volunteered with them aboard? Or do you work with them at a sanctuary or zoo closer to home? Or perhaps you have a degree in wildlife behaviour or zoology? If you know a lot about big cats and how to conserve them, and you'd like to regularly write about it, please get in touch.
Cute specialist: If you're all about kitty cuteness, we need you! This project is all about love, and if you can find that love among the millions of photos and videos of kitties, then we need you!
Giveaway guru: We like to offer our feline fans the chance to win some cool kitty bits from time to time, so if you know how to secure an awesome feline find then you're the one for us!
If you're interested in joining our team you need to keep in mind that this is a volunteer position and you will not be paid. You will also need to become a member of the Feline Team and be willing to submit something on a weekly, fortnightly, or monthly basis. Please email writing samples and a bit about yourself to hello@felinefoundation.org.
A chiSena funeral song from southern Malawi on the theme of equality in death, for rich and poor, black and white.
By buying this product you can collect up to 1 loyalty point. Your cart will total 1 point that can be converted into a voucher of £0.20.
It looks like eight-time Olympian Usain Bolt isn't pulling a fast one on us. The runner is reaching final talks with an Australian soccer club to have a six-week trial period. While some fans of the Jamaican track star didn't believe he would actually switch sports, Bolt could be wearing a different jersey by October.
Dubbed the fastest man in the world, Bolt has apparently had a lifelong dream of playing professional soccer. Now the Central Coast Mariners, a team located near Sydney, is ready to see if Bolt's track star prowess will translate to the playing field.
Bolt retired from running last year and has toyed with the possibility of playing with a few international soccer teams, including ones in Germany and Norway.
“After 12 weeks of to-ing and fro-ing we’ve got a club, we’ve got a commercial agreement, we just need our football federation to come to the party and we’ve got a deal,” explained sports agent Tony Rallis to the New York Times.
By registering on our site you will receive a daily summary and you will also be able to win prizes.
Please enter the email address for your account. A verification code will be sent to you. Once you have received the verification code, you will be able to choose a new password for your account.
You're a homeowner and determined your home's roof needs fixing or needs to be improved with a replacement roof. You're all set to get moving. What's the optimal way to get a high quality roofer who will accomplish a good job? What could you look for in a roof contractor or contractor to obtain this Read More »
What a poem you shared with this pooling effect great work, Liking it a lot and looking forward to more interning poems. Keep posting good stuff.
I am a woman in my 30's, from New Zealand; diagnosed Autistic with intellectual/learning disability as a child. I also have co morbid developmental disorders. I am loved by the grace of God. I am an emerging presenter on Autism and related conditions. In the past I have been on NZ Autism Expert Advisory Group. I set this blog up, so I can blog about issues relating to Autism and related disorders. I love researching and reading about Autism and related disorders. I love working with children with special needs. I am a messenger from God, that is what he has gifted me with. I may have Autism and have experience some very bad stuff in my life, but this was and is all part of God's plan for me, so that I may help others that have been through the same experience as me, especially woman/girls with ASD. I have a goal in my life and that is Educate People and Prevent Sexual Abuse/Assault and Rape in individuals with ASD and also telling people about God and how he has helped me, giving Families and Individuals with Autism hope. If I can touch just one person in my life well then my goal is achieved.
JAC dual-fuel truck chassis HFC1030RW4T1B4DV (batch #275) is made in China by Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd. (JAC). The company is located in Hefei, in Anhui Province, China.
* A number of models manufactured by Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd. (JAC) found in Auto-che.com vehicle database
It is a blend of RT & Truck Mounted Crane, which can travel on a highway like a normal high vehicle & its Rough Terrain capability helps it in crawling steep terrain.
We feel that it is very important that we as a company reach out to those areas where community needs ... read more
ARMY TM 9-2815-260-24 AIR FORCE TO 38G1-126-2 MARINE CORPS TM 09244A/09245A-24 5-89 e. Installation. CAUTION Install cylinder liners into same cylinder block bore as removed. DO NOT scuff the liner packing across the upper counterbore. (1) Remove all covering installed during step b (7). CAUTION If liner outer diameter is pitted or eroded, but still within acceptable service limits, rotate liner 90 degrees from its removed position. Pitted sections of the liner should be facing the front or rear of the engine. (2) Install liner in block bore with mark toward front of engine, unless outer diameter is pitted or eroded. CAUTION If you suspect a packing may have sheared or displaced during liner installation, remove and examine the liner and packing assembly. If no damage is found, check packings for proper position. Resoap packings, and reinstall liner assembly. (3) A resistance will be felt when the cylinder liner is aligned in pilot bore. Finish seating liners using clean, hardwood block and mallet. Gently tap hardwood block over top of cylinder liner with mallet. NOTE Cylinder liner will protrude over top of cylinder block more than normal due to uncompressed packings and O-rings. (4) Hold liners in place with large flat washers and capscrews. Turn capscrews snug but do not tighten. (5) Clean cylinder liner bores with waterless hand cleaner after installation. Wipe dry with clean towels. (6) Apply clean engine oil to liner bores immediately to prevent corrosion.
AutoRacingRecords.com created, developed and maintained by Will White ©2008-18. All rights reserved. • Disclaimer
This vehicle has been added to your save list. To view your saved vehicles, click the "Saved Vehicles" link. Cookies must be enabled in your web browser in order to save vehicles.
Create a forum on Forumotion | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
video formats. It also plays streamed video and audio content, both live and recorded, authored worldwide. Winamp supports playback of many audio (MP3, OGG, AAC, WAV, MOD, XM, S3M, IT, MIDI, etc) and video types (AVI, ASF, MPEG, NSV). Download Winamp Offline Installer Setup for PC!
It has an extremely customizable media library, and allows you to rip and burn your favorite music CDs. Winamp has thousands of skins and plug-ins that allow you to change the look-and-feel of the player, as well as add new features. The player also has access to thousands of free songs, videos and online radio stations from SHOUTcast Radio and AOL Radio with XM. You can download Winamp for PC offline installer from our site by clicking on free download button.
home depot vessel sink faucets home depot kitchen sink faucet small images of home depot faucet kitchen home depot bar sink home depot kitchen sink faucet.
decor classy home depot sink faucet for kitchen or bathroom, bronze vessel bathroom sink faucets the, vibrant brushed gold vessel bathroom sink faucets, home depot sinks vanity top sink combos vessel, home depot sink faucets download this picture here vessel,sink home depot faucets kitchen bathroom vessel prices , vessel bathroom sink faucets the home depot, vessel bathroom sink faucets the home depot, chrome 1 vessel bathroom sink faucets, vessel sink faucets home depot best bathroom images on.
J15 Amateur teen shows her pussy 3 years ago. The moment I saw the first picture of this girl topless, I was impressed. When she pulls back that sports bra, her hard nipple poke out and her tiny tits appear, and things are just great. Search Tiny Tits Blog. Dildos And Hot Wax Tara 82, Handjobs Cumshot handjob wixen spritzen 9: In amateur , european teens , masturbation , microboobs , nubiles , redheads , small nipples , tiny tops.
All models at our Porntube are 18 years old or older. Those tits look so soft, would love to massage and feel them in both hands. Amateur Close Up Nipples Voyeur. Amazing Morning Sandra , Daniela's boobs webcam, playing with nipples 3 years ago. When she turns sideways you can see that her small boobs certainly do have a nice shape, and those nipples poke up nice too. Amateur Nipples Teen Webcam.
I would love to chat sometime. In amateur , small nipples , tiny tits , tiny tops. Amateur Teen Babe Small Tits. Amateur handjob homemade Handjob 6: Blondes handjobs public nudity Debbie White outdoors handjob 9: They would look better with my cum all over them.
Etihad Airways Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner touched down in Shanghai today from Abu Dhabi on its first flight into China.
Flight EY862 from Abu Dhabi departed at 10.25pm yesterday from the Middle East arriving in Shanghai at 11.10am today. The inaugural flight from Shanghai (EY867) will depart again on 3 August at 00.30am, arriving back in Abu Dhabi at 6.15am the same day. To mark the event, guests were presented with commemorative certificates in Chinese and English, featuring Shanghai’s iconic landmark, the Oriental Pearl Tower.
“Since launching flights between Shanghai and Abu Dhabi four years ago, we have experienced first-hand the huge growth of China’s outbound tourism market and enjoyed strong demand from both business and leisure travellers.”
“The decision to upgrade to the Boeing 787 reflects the importance of Shanghai and China to the airline. Shanghai is a modern metropolis and a global economic, financial, trading and shipping centre, which underlines its importance within Etihad Airways’ global network and supports the introduction of the new aircraft.”
Mr. Baumgartner continued: “The new Boeing 787 services will help to support the increasing demand for outbound tourism from Shanghai and its surrounding cities in Eastern China. The additional capacity will enable more Chinese business and leisure travellers to enjoy seamless one-stop connections over the Abu Dhabi hub to over 40 destinations across the Gulf region, Europe, Africa and South America.”
China has recently surpassed the USA as the biggest business travel market in the world, according to the Global Business Travel Association, representing US$291.2 billion spending on business travel in 2015. The Dreamliner will assist Etihad Airways’ growing reputation amongst the business community in China, with the aircraft specifically catering to the long-haul business market.
The airline’s world-renowned guest experience begins well before departure and lasts long after arrival. For example, its chauffeur service is available in over 30 cities globally including Beijing and Shanghai. At Terminal 3 in Abu Dhabi International Airport, guests pass through a dedicated premium check-in facility into the luxury of an exclusive Business Class Lounge, while a new flagship First Class Lounge & Spa opened at the end of May for first class guests and eligible Etihad Airways Partners (EAP) Platinum Frequent Flyers.
On the aircraft, the Business Studios offer direct aisle access, a fully-flat bed of up to 80.5 inches long, and an increase of 20 per cent in personal space. Upholstered in the finest Poltrona Frau leather, the Business Studio is equipped with an in-seat massage and pneumatic cushion control system which enables guests to adjust the firmness and comfort of their seat. Each Business Studio has an 18-inch personal touch-screen TV with noise-cancelling headsets.
Business guests also have access to three choices of main course on the menu, with a dine-on-demand option for travellers who wish to choose when to eat. Each business guest also receives a customised Etihad Airways LUXE amenity kit, inspired by some of the iconic cities on the airline’s extensive global network. Passengers on board have access to a dedicated food and beverage manager, a multi-national crew and the airline’s well known Flying Nannies, who provide assistance to parents travelling with young children.
For inflight entertainment, Etihad Airways currently operates the latest Panasonic eX3 IFE system on its flagship fleet of Boeing 787s and Airbus A380s. Guests can also enjoy mobile connectivity, access to onboard Wi-Fi and seven satellite channels of live TV on many aircraft.
For economy passengers, the airline’s Smart Seats provide enhanced comfort with a unique ‘fixed wing’ headrest, adjustable lumbar support, a seat width of approximately 19 inches and an 11.1” personal TV monitor on each seat. The aircraft has been designed for optimum long-haul travel with enhancements including humidity controls while air pressure levels are set to ensure a smoother flight allowing guests to arrive feeling fresher on arrival.
Shanghai is the seventh destination in the world to be served by Etihad Airways’ B787-9 Dreamliner aircraft with the aircraft also deployed to Perth, Brisbane, Singapore, Washington DC, Zurich and Düsseldorf. Etihad Airways first launched a five-times-a-week two-class Airbus A330-200 services to Shanghai in March 2012. With a further 62 Boeing 787 Dreamliners scheduled for delivery over the next few years, the aircraft will become the mainstay of Etihad Airways’ long-haul fleet.
Is there enough room for another ultra-low-cost airline in the increasingly crowded transatlantic market?. Primera...
Aviation Tribune is a respected source of valuable information about the aviation industry and indexed by all the major news aggregators, including Google News. Our articles database is continuously updated thanks to our dedicated team of in-house reporters.
With so many law firms to choose from, how do you choose the right firm for your legal issues? The key is to look for certain characteristics that make one firm stand out from the rest.What to look for in a Casa Grande legal practiceThe most effective firms combine exceptional legal knowledge with experience and compassion. Look for the following seven characteristics when deciding who should represent you:Skills in a wide range of practice areas: You may be disputing a will today, but what legal issues will tomorrow bring? You may need legal assistance in anything from buying a home to facing criminal charges. Dealing with the law in Casa Grande-whether local, state, or federal laws apply-requires exceptional knowledge of the laws and how they interact in your specific situation.Experience: The firm you select needs to have extensive experience in a range of legal areas. Every case involves unique issues that help an attorney build a repertoire of new skills and techniques. You want to be sure you choose a law office in Casa Grande that has been building a strong legal foundation for years.A track record of success: Whatever your legal concerns may be, you need to be assured that the firm has a success rate in cases similar to yours.Clear communication: Involvement in any type of legal situation requires you to make critical decisions. This is why it is critical that you work with attorneys who can use plain language to clearly explain all your options and the potential results from each choice.Compassionate understanding: Dealing with the complexities of the law is an everyday activity for your attorney-but it is often stressful and confusing for you. Your attorney needs to understand how you feel and work with you in ways that ease your tension so you can effectively resolve your issues together.Community involvement: A firm with roots in the community provides the best local support. Local issues and attitudes commonly come into play in many situations-from selecting a jury to dealing with conflicts between neighbors. Your attorney provides the most effective support when he or she understands common community issues.Helpful resources: Many issues transcend beyond the need for legal support-a child facing DUI charges may need counseling, or a family on the brink of bankruptcy may need reputable debt consolidation assistance. A skilled and compassionate law firm should be able to connect you with the honest and experienced resources you need to get back on track.
In this version of badminton, your tail is the racquet. Make the dolphin do flips and tricks. Play Zipper's Kennel Chaos game! Can you help get water in Zipper's dish? Use your frog tongue to catch delicious bugs. Create your very own prize-winning pooch! Speed down the ice while
When convenience matters, my kind organics prenatal once daily is the right choice for you. Whether..
A new approach to weight loss support designed to enhance your current diet and exercise program. F..
If you're pregnant, thinking about becoming pregnant or breastfeeding, you may need additional nutri..
Now more than ever, you’re naturally seeking to nourish your baby with the perfect foods & supplemen..
Recommended Use : 10 to 20 grams of ginseng can be used each time for the preparation of steamed tonic tea, or cut it in small pieces, chew and eat. Another convenient way is just putting the sliced ginseng into a cup or vacuum …
Recommended Use : 10 to 20 grams of ginseng can be used each time for the preparation of steamed tonic tea, or cut it in small pieces, chew and eat. Another convenient way is just putting the sliced ginseng into a cup or vacuum flask with boiling water, cover and soak for about 15 minutes and then drink the water. It can give the same curative efficacy.
Ginseng has been used as an herbal supplement for over 2000 years. It has been shown in clinical trials to increase energy & decrease fatigue, boost the immune system, reduce stre..More Info
Also known as an immune support herb, Korean Ginseng has the unique ability to revitalize and rejuvenate the entire body to help you make the most of your natural energy. .....More Info
Korean ginseng is an herb that grows throughout Asia and has been used in natural remediesfor thousands of years. Also known as Korean ginseng and red Panax ginseng, the herb has ..More Info
(Max, 100%, 1000Mg, Authentic, Caps, capsule, Dietary, Every, Extract, Ginseng, Ginsenosides, High, Korean, Panax, Potency, Root, Strength, Super, Supplement, Veggie
Millions of people take daily vitamin supplements to encourage good health. With all the different kinds of vitamins, minerals and herbs flooding the market these days, i
Vitamin supplement or supplements are very important for us because if we do not intake enough vitamins required for our bodies, the vitamin supplement will substitute fo
The biggest complaint that doctors often hear from patients is a lack of energy, or the constant feeling of fatigue. Due to these types of complaints, it really isn’t a s
The owner of this website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon properties including, but not limited to, amazon.com, endless.com, myhabit.com, smallparts.com, or amazonwireless.com.
Select Month August 2014 May 2014 April 2014 August 2013 July 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 July 2012 December 2011 October 2011
Javasript is currently not supported/disabled by this browser. Please enable JavaScript for full functionality.
Al-Quds Street, Ansar Square, Awkaf Building, 2nd floor, Apartment No. 8+9, Southern Rimal, Gaza, Palestine.
Online resource offers up-to-date information and laws about IP in all Arab countries and many other countries
Gillian has almost twenty years experience working as a lawyer both in private practice and in house counsel roles in New Zealand and London. She also spent two years tutoring legal practice skills to new law graduates.
Gillian has extensive commercial property experience including acquisitions and disposals, leasing, commercial contracts, financing arrangements and development work.
Before joining Anthony Gore Limited, Gillian worked as a senior solicitor for a boutique Auckland firm specialising in commercial leasing for retail developments.
Gillian joined Anthony Gore Limited late in 2013 and assists Tony both with his development work and wider practice and enjoys working closely with clients to provide tailored and pragmatic advice.
We viciously seek what’s new. We buy, we try; we mindlessly shift fashion trends and redecorate our...
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 January 2010 October 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 February 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 July 2008 May 2008 April 2008 February 2008 November 2007 May 2007 April 2007 January 2007 September 2006 July 2006 June 2006 April 2006 October 2005 May 2005 March 2005 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 March 2002 November 2001 July 2001 June 2001 April 2001 March 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 February 1999 January 1999
Accidents insurance Compulsory insurance Car insurance Farming insurance Property insurance Medical insurance
The Oakland Peace Center is a GORGEOUS building in which AMAZING work is happening, but el Nino has shown us a real challenge: our historic belltower is a historic mess. We’ll need at least $25,000 to get all the way up there and seal the leaks which are currently damaging three of our public spaces, a community kitchen and three of our partners’ office and classroom spaces!
We need your help to preserve this space and make it safe and welcoming for the over 83,000 people the Oakland Peace Center partners serve each year.
Join us for either a tour of the historic building or a reception featuring the amazing catering skills of several of our partner organizations: fabulous food with a heart for social justice. We’ll be featuring the art work of community youth and partying for peace!
AIA East Bay, an architectural community, supports our membership in exemplary practice and professional growth.
Our many programs include education for San Francisco Bay Area architects and outreach to the community on vital topics such as earthquake safety, fire safety, sustainable design, and those architect-related issues that focus on how the Bay Area community benefits from well-informed design and development.
I went to Australia with the in laws family and this was my first time flying for 8 hours nonstop. Yes we survived with little turbulence during the flight. Seram! Fortunately I had no nausea and sleeping all the way to Australia. Reached Gold Coast Airport at almost 9.30 pm. Sleepy but at the same time feeling excited. Surely the climate was different from Malaysia! Feeling SEJUK to the bone! Mengada sangat kan! Cooler than GENTING HIGHLAND for sure.
After getting through the airport’s officers, we continue our journey to the NORTH by renting a MVP car, easier to fit all of us. We spend our 3 nights at the Surfer Paradise. Yeay! The apartment was near to the sea! We can see the shore from our balcony. Wake up with the sound of waves crashing and rushing to the shore was an unforgettable moment! RINDU!
Hey ladies! Watches, not only showing us time but it is considered as one of fashion item one must have in their wardrobe. There are many brands available in the market. I came across the vintage Casio watches and it was a.m.a.z.i.n.g! You will never look old wearing them. Plus it can match with any kind of outfits such as dresses, casual jeans or event in your kurungs.
I usually wear watch on my left wrist alone. Then, now I realize that watch also can be pair by with some fancy bracelet too! Whether a silver/gold bracelet or multi-stack colored bangles, it will definitely spice up your look entirely in the most effortless way possible. Look like a glamorous diva at dinner parties with some matching gold jewellery or tone it down for a unique fun look with colored bangles during the day. Which is my favorite? The golden Casio and definitely I want this.
Interested in owning this classical gold time piece from Casio? Check it out at ZALORA and purchase Casio watch online today!
I wanted to see more and more beautiful things in this life. Life is a challenge and everyday adventure. Everything written here is through my personal experience, findings and things I truly passionate about that may be beneficial to others. Sharing is caring. Enjoy people!
Assalam, The stamps was released on 16th July 2012 featuring new Malaysian coins for 5 cent, 10 cent, 20 cents and 50 cent. It has ...
Hello. Yup, it is Friday and I had a fine journey on finding glass container maybe for the wedding's favor. I actually have googl...
I found out this useful information and would like to share with all of you a little bit about flour. There are many types and let fin...
Assalamualaikum, I never tasted before in my life the Kelantan Fried Chicken (also know as Kel FC). Normally the products were markete...
Salam, In front of the restaurant - Kak Emy Have you ever curiously wanted to taste something different and exotic? Yes...
It has been my third time eating here as I was away to work up north of the country. I like it so much and this place was highly recom...
Nude Latvians and Russians. Naked female callgirls, prostitutes and courtesans from Moscow. Please do not include personal or contact information.
Tags: Kate Middleton Are you nude photo Lika, 21 y.o. Rate amorous woman from Russia and other amorous models from Moscow. Rank amorous blonde Russian and Ukrainian women. Lika - amorous blonde woman from Moscow posing nude or semi-nude for you to rate. 21 y.o.
Disclaimer: ainu.info is not responsible for the content on sites that is linked to. All img and videos on ainu.info are believed to be public domain. If you have a problem with a site that is linked to, or if you own copyrights on an image or video posted on ainu.info, please email:abuseservis[@]meta.ua, and it will be removed.
Praise. Buy a base. Friends always say no socks, ha ha ha, let her wear a breath. Socks cute enough to explode!
Baby got really beautiful, as well as in the boutique to buy, is wrong in a box, but the seller gave me a box of replacement, the attitude of the seller impress, each box and the ear plug, and also send a bag to me, thank you very much, next time you still
buy necklace - free run 5.0 boys,shop for sunglasses in uk by ring sale,clothing discount,handbags -
ge gas range review gas ran reviews medium size of appliances inch gas stove ran reviews white wolf the gas ran reviews.
slide in ran profile gas double oven , gas oven replacement ran stoves stove review top, freestanding gas ran review ovens, monogram induction first impressions review reviewed with, gas ran reviews vs comparison, gas ran reviews review, gas ran reviews vs comparison,induction ran review tricky controls and scant , vs profile gas slide in rans reviews ratings prices, gas ran review.
under counter microwave drawer best,air drawer microwave wall oven ,microwave ovens page 8 at appliances , air,find air ranges in ma electric , air refrigerators french 3 door from boys appliance,best air kitchen appliances images on , air microwave drawer comparing drawers, air wall ovens double oven from appliance, air wall ovens double oven from mountain high appliance.
A cabinetlike item usually with a front work area and consisting of the necessary instrumentation, integral hydraulic system and component mounting facilities. Designed to provide the hydraulic pressure for testing and/or calibrating hydraulic system components, such as valves, actuating cylinders, pressure regulators, accumulators, hose lines, hand and/or engine driven pumps and the like. May include facilities for filling and checking hydraulic systems for leakage and performance. See also PUMPING UNIT, HYDRAULIC.
An item that has been used or worn previously. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab
In an article on Oct. 16, 2000, in the Financial Times’ Mastering Management series, Wharton accounting professors Christopher Ittner and David Larcker suggest that financial data have limitations as a measure of company performance. The two note that other measures, such as quality, may be better at forecasting, but can be difficult to implement. Below is the text of their article.
Choosing performance measures is a challenge. Performance measurement systems play a key role in developing strategy, evaluating the achievement of organizational objectives and compensating managers. Yet many managers feel traditional financially oriented systems no longer work adequately. A recent survey of U.S. financial services companies found most were not satisfied with their measurement systems. They believed there was too much emphasis on financial measures such as earnings and accounting returns and little emphasis on drivers of value such as customer and employee satisfaction, innovation and quality.
In response, companies are implementing new performance measurement systems. A third of financial services companies, for example, made a major change in their performance measurement system during the past two years and 39% plan a major change within two years.
Inadequacies in financial performance measures have led to innovations ranging from non-financial indicators of “intangible assets” and “intellectual capital” to “balanced scorecards” of integrated financial and non-financial measures. This article discusses the advantages and disadvantages of non-financial performance measures and offers suggestions for implementation.
Non-financial measures offer four clear advantages over measurement systems based on financial data. First of these is a closer link to long-term organizational strategies. Financial evaluation systems generally focus on annual or short-term performance against accounting yardsticks. They do not deal with progress relative to customer requirements or competitors, nor other non-financial objectives that may be important in achieving profitability, competitive strength and longer-term strategic goals. For example, new product development or expanding organizational capabilities may be important strategic goals, but may hinder short-term accounting performance.
By supplementing accounting measures with non-financial data about strategic performance and implementation of strategic plans, companies can communicate objectives and provide incentives for managers to address long-term strategy.
Second, critics of traditional measures argue that drivers of success in many industries are “intangible assets” such as intellectual capital and customer loyalty, rather than the “hard assets” allowed on to balance sheets. Although it is difficult to quantify intangible assets in financial terms, non-financial data can provide indirect, quantitative indicators of a firm’s intangible assets.
One study examined the ability of non-financial indicators of “intangible assets” to explain differences in US companies’ stock market values. It found that measures related to innovation, management capability, employee relations, quality and brand value explained a significant proportion of a company’s value, even allowing for accounting assets and liabilities. By excluding these intangible assets, financially oriented measurement can encourage managers to make poor, even harmful, decisions.
Third, non-financial measures can be better indicators of future financial performance. Even when the ultimate goal is maximizing financial performance, current financial measures may not capture long-term benefits from decisions made now. Consider, for example, investments in research and development or customer satisfaction programs. Under U.S. accounting rules, research and development expenditures and marketing costs must be charged for in the period they are incurred, so reducing profits. But successful research improves future profits if it can be brought to market.
Similarly, investments in customer satisfaction can improve subsequent economic performance by increasing revenues and loyalty of existing customers, attracting new customers and reducing transaction costs. Non-financial data can provide the missing link between these beneficial activities and financial results by providing forward-looking information on accounting or stock performance. For example, interim research results or customer indices may offer an indication of future cash flows that would not be captured otherwise.
Finally, the choice of measures should be based on providing information about managerial actions and the level of “noise” in the measures. Noise refers to changes in the performance measure that are beyond the control of the manager or organization, ranging from changes in the economy to luck (good or bad). Managers must be aware of how much success is due to their actions or they will not have the signals they need to maximize their effect on performance. Because many non-financial measures are less susceptible to external noise than accounting measures, their use may improve managers’ performance by providing more precise evaluation of their actions. This also lowers the risk imposed on managers when determining pay.
Although there are many advantages to non-financial performance measures, they are not without drawbacks. Research has identified five primary limitations. Time and cost has been a problem for some companies. They have found the costs of a system that tracks a large number of financial and non-financial measures can be greater than its benefits. Development can consume considerable time and expense, not least of which is selling the system to skeptical employees who have learned to operate under existing rules. A greater number of diverse performance measures frequently requires significant investment in information systems to draw information from multiple (and often incompatible) databases.
Evaluating performance using multiple measures that can conflict in the short term can also be time-consuming. One bank that adopted a performance evaluation system using multiple accounting and non-financial measures saw the time required for area directors to evaluate branch managers increase from less than one day per quarter to six days.
Bureaucracies can cause the measurement process to degenerate into mechanistic exercises that add little to reaching strategic goals. For example, shortly after becoming the first US company to win Japan’s prestigious Deming Prize for quality improvement, Florida Power and Light found that employees believed the company’s quality improvement process placed too much emphasis on reporting, presenting and discussing a myriad of quality indicators. They felt this deprived them of time that could be better spent serving customers. The company responded by eliminating most quality reviews, reducing the number of indicators tracked and minimizing reports and meetings.
The second drawback is that, unlike accounting measures, non-financial data are measured in many ways, there is no common denominator. Evaluating performance or making trade-offs between attributes is difficult when some are denominated in time, some in quantities or percentages and some in arbitrary ways.
Many companies attempt to overcome this by rating each performance measure in terms of its strategic importance (from, say, not important to extremely important) and then evaluating overall performance based on a weighted average of the measures. Others assign arbitrary weightings to the various goals. One major car manufacturer, for example, structures executive bonuses so: 40% based on warranty repairs per 100 vehicles sold; 20% on customer satisfaction surveys; 20% on market share; and 20% on accounting performance (pre-tax earnings). However, like all subjective assessments, these methods can lead to considerable error.
Lack of causal links is a third issue. Many companies adopt non-financial measures without articulating the relations between the measures or verifying that they have a bearing on accounting and stock price performance. Unknown or unverified causal links create two problems when evaluating performance: incorrect measures focus attention on the wrong objectives and improvements cannot be linked to later outcomes. Xerox, for example, spent millions of dollars on customer surveys, under the assumption that improvements in satisfaction translated into better financial performance. Later analysis found no such association. As a result, Xerox shifted to a customer loyalty measure that was found to be a leading indicator of financial performance.
The lack of an explicit casual model of the relations between measures also contributes to difficulties in evaluating their relative importance. Without knowing the size and timing of associations among measures, companies find it difficult to make decisions or measure success based on them.
Fourth on the list of problems with non-financial measures is lack of statistical reliability – whether a measure actually represents what it purports to represent, rather than random “measurement error”. Many non-financial data such as satisfaction measures are based on surveys with few respondents and few questions. These measures generally exhibit poor statistical reliability, reducing their ability to discriminate superior performance or predict future financial results.
Finally, although financial measures are unlikely to capture fully the many dimensions of organizational performance, implementing an evaluation system with too many measures can lead to “measurement disintegration”. This occurs when an overabundance of measures dilutes the effect of the measurement process. Managers chase a variety of measures simultaneously, while achieving little gain in the main drivers of success.
Once managers have determined that the expected benefits from non-financial data outweigh the costs, three steps can be used to select and implement appropriate measures.
The starting point is understanding a company’s value drivers, the factors that create stakeholder value. Once known, these factors determine which measures contribute to long-term success and so how to translate corporate objectives into measures that guide managers’ actions.
While this seems intuitive, experience indicates that companies do a poor job determining and articulating these drivers. Managers tend to use one of three methods to identify value drivers, the most common being intuition. However, executives’ rankings of value drivers may not reflect their true importance. For example, many executives rate environmental performance and quality as relatively unimportant drivers of long-term financial performance. In contrast, statistical analyses indicate these dimensions are strongly associated with a company’s market value.
A second method is to use standard classifications such as financial, internal business process, customer, learning and growth categories. While these may be appropriate, other non-financial dimensions may be more important, depending on the organization’s strategy, competitive environment and objectives. Moreover, these categories do little to help determine weightings for each dimension.
Perhaps the most sophisticated method of determining value drivers is statistical analysis of the leading and lagging indicators of financial performance. The resulting “causal business model” can help determine which measures predict future financial performance and can assist in assigning weightings to measures based on the strength of the statistical relation. Unfortunately, relatively few companies develop such causal business models when selecting their performance measures.
Most companies track hundreds, if not thousands, of non-financial measures in their day-to-day operations. To avoid “reinventing the wheel”, an inventory of current measures should be made. Once measures have been documented, their value for performance measurement can be assessed. The issue at this stage is the extent to which current measures are aligned with the company’s strategies and value drivers. One method for assessing this alignment is “gap analysis”. Gap analysis requires managers to rank performance measures on at least two dimensions: their importance to strategic objectives and the importance currently placed on them.
Our survey of 148 US financial services companies — a joint research project sponsored by the Cap Gemini Ernst & Young Center for Business Innovation and the Wharton Research Program on Value Creation in Organizations – found significant “measurement gaps” for many non-financial measures. For example, 72% of companies said customer-related performance was an extremely important driver of long-term success, against 31% who chose short-term financial performance. However, the quality of short-term financial measurement is considerably better than measurement of customer satisfaction. Similar disparities exist for non-financial measures related to employee performance, operational results, quality, alliances, supplier relations, innovation, community and the environment. More important, stock market and long-term accounting performance are both higher when these measurement gaps are smaller.
Finally, after measures are chosen, they must become an integral part of reporting and performance evaluation if they are to affect employee behavior and organizational performance. This is not easy. Since the choice of performance measures has a substantial impact on employees’ careers and pay, controversy is bound to emerge no matter how appropriate the measures. Many companies have failed to benefit from non-financial performance measures through being reluctant to take this step.
Although non-financial measures are increasingly important in decision-making and performance evaluation, companies should not simply copy measures used by others. The choice of measures must be linked to factors such as corporate strategy, value drivers, organizational objectives and the competitive environment. In addition, companies should remember that performance measurement choice is a dynamic process – measures may be appropriate today, but the system needs to be continually reassessed as strategies and competitive environments evolve.
"Non-financial Performance Measures: What Works and What Doesn’t." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 06 December, 2000. Web. 15 October, 2018	<
"Non-financial Performance Measures: What Works and What Doesn’t" Knowledge@Wharton, December 06, 2000,
By many measures, Comcast overpaid to acquire British pay TV firm Sky -- but if transformation is Comcast’s goal, the cost could be justified, experts say.
The buyer's journey does not begin with awareness, as is traditionally thought, but instead before the potential buyer is aware there is even a need, notes the author of this opinion piece.
Companies are refining their business intelligence gathering by capturing smart data and conducting analytics to yield the desired insights.
The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton.
Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now
Like seriously dude. The incredible lack of common sense in the question could be scientifically investigated for evidence of a black hole.
Jacob got his pictures taken at the Bellevue Botanical Gardens on September 10th. He did a great job and the photographer was amazing with him. It’s a little difficult to get a 2 year old to pose, so she just followed him around the gardens and captured his personality pretty well. Here are some of our favorites:
We got Lucas' photos done when he was 8 weeks old, we are in love with them and wanted to show all of you!
you need to split gearbox, pull conv. kit outside, press silver 4mm fitting on the end and pull hose. Remove hoses and after that just unscrew rear part of the conv. kit (part where brass pin is going into). In this place you should put that reducer.
Wow !!! This was a wonderful film , I loved this family , their beauty and humanity , their heart , you truly captured them :) .
Our 2016 unoaked chardonnay is Summer's "perfect pairing." This refreshing Russian River Valley Chardonnay offers aromas of white peaches and ripe pears with engaging seasonal flavors of light honeysuckle, asian pear, and honeydew melon. There is light minerality up-front which is then balanced with a creamy mid-palate and finally a crisp acidity on the lingeringly lovely finish. The fruit for this elegant chardonnay was harvested in September 2016 from Sonoma County's world renowned Russian River Valley, the absolutely perfect AVA for this varietal. This wine is a deliciously true reflection of Northern Sonoma County terroir captured in a bottle.
This is a fresh, fruity and crisp white wine which pairs really well with many foods from salty, hard cheeses to sushi, Thai and Mexican cuisines. Ripe, seasonal fruit flavors are finely balanced with crisp acidity to form its complex mouth-feel and clean finish. It is recommended that this smoothly refreshing Chardonnay be served lightly chilled to allow you to enjoy its harmonious aromatics.
laminate cabinet doors replacement white kitchen decorating on a wholesale and drawer fronts cheap houston mdf,wholesale cabinet doors and drawer fronts cheap mdf online canada kitchen cabinets in with price best of,kitchen cabinet doors in orange county cheap canada buy online mdf,wholesale cupboard doors get the look of new kitchen cabinets easy way cheap mdf cabinet online,cheap cabinet doors with glass online mdf kitchen including shelves company,cheap cabinet doors diy wholesale and drawer fronts drawers unpainted kitchen cabinets beautiful,custom cabinet doors laminate mitered flat panel cheap and drawers wholesale discount online,glass kitchen cabinet doors cabinets with cheap houston mdf online diy,buy cheap kitchen cabinet doors online mdf cabinets wholesale,cheap cabinet doors mdf with glass fabulous replacement changing in kitchen and drawers.
C/EC/FC/G D/F#D/AD/BbD/BD/C E/BE/C#E/DE/D#E/FE/F#E/GE/G# Em/BEm/C#Em/DEm/D#Em/FEm/F#Em/GEm/G# F/CF/DF/D#F/EF/GF/A Fm/C G/BG/DG/EG/FG/F#Gm/D A/C#A/EA/FA/F#A/GA/G# Am/CAm/EAm/FAm/F#Am/GAm/G#
Copyright - 2016 العاب. All games and descriptions copyright © to their respective owners. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
Today, children in the United States routinely get vaccines that protect them from more than a dozen diseases such as measles, polio, tetanus, diphtheria, and pertussis (commonly known as whooping cough). Most of these diseases are now at their lowest levels in history, thanks to years of immunization. Children must be vaccinated before they are allowed to attend school.
Vaccines help make you immune to serious diseases without getting sick first. Without a vaccine, you must actually get a disease in order to become immune to the germ that causes it. Vaccines work best when they are given at certain ages.
Childhood Vaccines: What They Are and Why Your Child Needs Them (American Academy of Family Physicians)Available in Spanish
The 2015 healthy lunchtime Challenge Kids’ “State Dinner” Cookbook is a compilation of top recipes from junior Future Chefs of America from all across the United States who entered the Fourth Annual Healthy Lunchtime Challenge. PBS, in partnership with First Lady Michelle Obama, the U.S. Department of Education, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, published a FREE cookbook, available for download @ www.whatscooking.fns.usda.gov. Each state has a winning recipe perfect for your kids to Cook and Learn by…… Bon Appetit!
rt.com The FAA announced a temporary no-fly zone would be enacted indefinitely over the Arkansas oil spill. With word that an Exxon employee was controlling the airspace, though, speculation pointed to the idea the oil company was trying to keep… Continue Reading →
Paul Joseph Watson Infowars.com November 30, 2012 In a response to questions from lawmakers, the Federal Aviation Authority admitted that surveillance drone operators have zero privacy obligations, prompting Reps. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) and Joe Barton (R-Texas) to complain that the… Continue Reading →
Jennifer Lynch EFF July 15, 2012 We just received new information today about drone flights in the United States, including extensive details about the specific drone models some entities are flying, where they fly, how frequently they fly, and how… Continue Reading →
Steve Watson Infowars.com May 17, 2012 A mystery object, thought to be a military or law enforcement drone, flying in controlled airspace over Denver almost caused a catastrophic mid air crash with a commercial jet Monday. The pilot of the… Continue Reading →
rt.com A leaked US Air Force document stipulates a drone that happens to capture surveillance images of Americans may store them for a period of 90 days. The paper appears to justify spying on citizens, as long as it is… Continue Reading →
ANDY PASZTOR and JOHN EMSHWILLER online.wsj.com With little public attention, dozens of universities and law-enforcement agencies have been given approval by federal aviation regulators to use unmanned aircraft known as drones, according to documents obtained via Freedom of Information Act… Continue Reading →
Paul Joseph Watson Infowars.com Thursday, February 9, 2012 The Department of Homeland Security plans to spend up to $50 million dollars on a spy system that has been used to hunt insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan for the purposes of… Continue Reading →
fas.org January 25th, 2012 by Steven Aftergood The use of unmanned aerial systems (UAS) within the United States is certain to increase in the years to come, as a new Army policy has recently made clear. (“Army Foresees Expanded Use… Continue Reading →
“Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.”
SECTION 4 Freedom of speech and press. That no law shall ever be passed to curtail or restrain the liberty of speech or of the press; and any person may speak, write, and publish his sentiments on all subjects, being responsible for the abuse of that liberty.
~Manufacturer’s recommended campaign driveaway price for new MY18 vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Private buyers only, not available with any other offers. Options and metallic paint may be available for an additional cost. Model Year run-out, while stocks last. Volkswagen Group Australia reserves the right to change, supersede or extend all offers. *5 Year Warranty available at no additional cost on new Model Year 2018 and 2019 stock vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Conditions and exclusions apply, see the Volkswagen manufacturer website for full details. Your rights under this warranty are provided in addition to, and in some cases overlap with, consumer guarantees under Australian Consumer Law and do not limit or replace them. ?App-Connect is compatible for selected apps with the latest smartphone versions of iOS and Android, active data service, and connection cable (sold separately).
~Manufacturer’s recommended campaign driveaway price for new MY18 vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Private buyers only, not available with any other offers. Options and metallic paint may be available for an additional cost. Model Year run-out, while stocks last. Volkswagen Group Australia reserves the right to change, supersede or extend all offers. *5 Year Warranty available at no additional cost on new Model Year 2018 and 2019 stock vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Conditions and exclusions apply, see the Volkswagen manufacturer website for full details. Your rights under this warranty are provided in addition to, and in some cases overlap with, consumer guarantees under Australian Consumer Law and do not limit or replace them. #App-Connect is compatible for selected apps with the latest smartphone versions of iOS and Android, active data service, and connection cable (sold separately).
~Manufacturer’s recommended campaign driveaway price for new MY18 vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Private buyers only, not available with any other offers. Options and metallic paint may be available for an additional cost. Model Year run-out, while stocks last. Volkswagen Group Australia reserves the right to change, supersede or extend all offers. *5 Year Warranty available at no additional cost on new Model Year 2018 and 2019 stock vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Conditions and exclusions apply, see the Volkswagen manufacturer website for full details. Your rights under this warranty are provided in addition to, and in some cases overlap with, consumer guarantees under Australian Consumer Law and do not limit or replace them. #Leather appointed seats have a combination of genuine and artificial leather, but are not wholly leather.
~Manufacturer’s recommended campaign driveaway price for new MY18 vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Private buyers only, not available with any other offers. Options and metallic paint may be available for an additional cost. Model Year run-out, while stocks last. Volkswagen Group Australia reserves the right to change, supersede or extend all offers. *5 Year Warranty available at no additional cost on new Model Year 2018 and 2019 stock vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Conditions and exclusions apply, see the Volkswagen manufacturer website for full details. Your rights under this warranty are provided in addition to, and in some cases overlap with, consumer guarantees under Australian Consumer Law and do not limit or replace them. ¥Safety technologies are designed to assist the driver, but should not be used as a substitute for safe driving practices. #App-Connect is compatible for selected apps with the latest smartphone versions of iOS and Android, active data service, and connection cable (sold separately).
~Manufacturer’s recommended campaign driveaway price for new MY18 vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Private buyers only, not available with any other offers. Options and metallic paint may be available for an additional cost. Model Year run-out, while stocks last. Volkswagen Group Australia reserves the right to change, supersede or extend all offers. *5 Year Warranty available at no additional cost on new Model Year 2018 and 2019 stock vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Conditions and exclusions apply, see the Volkswagen manufacturer website for full details. Your rights under this warranty are provided in addition to, and in some cases overlap with, consumer guarantees under Australian Consumer Law and do not limit or replace them. ¥Safety technologies are designed to assist the driver, but should not be used as a substitute for safe driving practices. #App-Connect is compatible for selected apps with the latest smartphone versions of iOS and Android, active data service, and connection cable (sold separately). of iOS and Android, active data service, and connection cable (sold separately).
~Manufacturer’s recommended campaign driveaway price for new MY18 vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Private buyers only, not available with any other offers. Options and metallic paint may be available for an additional cost. Model Year run-out, while stocks last. Volkswagen Group Australia reserves the right to change, supersede or extend all offers. *5 Year Warranty available at no additional cost on new Model Year 2018 and 2019 stock vehicles sold and delivered by 31/12/2018. Conditions and exclusions apply, see the Volkswagen manufacturer website for full details. Your rights under this warranty are provided in addition to, and in some cases overlap with, consumer guarantees under Australian Consumer Law and do not limit or replace them.
40 years in the making, the Golf is the evolution of an icon whose reputation is founded on perfect proportions, clean lines and unmistakable European styling. This latest Golf marks the next step in the evolution of this model, boasting a striking new level of design. LED Daytime Driving Lights and LED tail lights increase your Golf's visibility at any time of the day. Bright enough to be noticed without dazzling oncoming drivers, the addition of these lights are now standard across the range.
The new Golf R has been updated with a sharp new design and colour range, for extra head-turning ability.
The minute you get behind the wheel of the Golf, you'll be transported. The Golf's interior presents a balance of comfort, style and ergonomics. The driver-focused dash is every bit impressive as it is functional, while the choice of Black or Pure Grey Vienna leather appointed upholstery in Highline variants offers even more luxury to the driving experience.
The Golf GTi features Clark tartan upholstery, smooth black leather and red stitching, enhanced with new decorative inserts, while a new-generation 8” infotainment system with App-Connect 1 adorns the center console. All of this is accentuated with the GTI’s famous badging throughout.
Whether you're after more power or more interested in fuel economy, there's an engine for your Golf. The 110kW TSI is a highly responsive turbocharged 1.4 litre engine, which pumps out 110kW of power and 250Nm of torque and with super-low fuel consumption of 5.4L/100km for manual or 5.7L/100km DSG, you get the best of both worlds. The 110TDI Highline 2.0 litre inline turbocharged direct injection diesel engine produces 110kW of power and 340Nm of torque, arriving at just 3500rpm the DSG boasts exceptional fuel economy of 4.9L/100km.The Golf GTI now pumps out 169kW of power at 4,700rpm and delivers an impressive maximum torque of 350Nm from only 1,500rpm.The Golf R's celebrated 2.0L turbocharged power plant gets a tuning upgrade - and now pumps out 213kW of power at 5400 rpm, delivering a peak torque of 380Nm from only 1850rpm.
Safety is a serious matter. If fatigue is detected, Driver Fatigue Detection warns the driver with an audible alarm, and visually, on the console, recommends the driver takes a break. The Rear View Camera, installed at the back of the car, displays a live picture on your screen that shows what's behind you, making reversing safer and easier. The Golf also comes with a standard seven airbags, including front, front side, front and rear curtain and driver's knee. So if something does go wrong, you'll be pleased you're in a Golf.
Saudi Arabia is selecting finalists from five countries — the US, China, Russia, France and South Korea. (Shutterstock)
Faced with surging energy demand for economic growth, Saudi Arabia is turning to nuclear power to meet a twin challenge — how to diversify its electricity-generating mix while reducing reliance on fossil fuels.And with electricity demand in the country growing by 8 to 10 percent annually, compared with less than 1 percent in Europe, experts say the move is timely.
Last week, an International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) team of experts concluded a 12-day mission to the Kingdom to review its development of infrastructure for a nuclear power program. The review, which ended on July 24, was carried out at the invitation of the Saudi government. “Nuclear is an important way to meet the fast-growing demand for energy in the region, taking into consideration a wish to diversify the energy sources and not rely solely on oil and gas,” said John Bernhard, former Danish ambassador to the IAEA.
“Besides, the use of nuclear power is a significant element in an energy strategy which considers the need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and implement commitments concerning climate change. Renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar, are beneficial from a climate change point of view, but will often not be sufficient to cover large energy demands.”
The Kingdom plans to build two large nuclear power reactors as part of a program delivering as many as 16 nuclear power plants over the next 20 to 25 years at a cost of more than $80 billion. It has projected 17 gigawatts (GW) of nuclear capacity by 2032 to provide 15 percent of the power then, along with more than 40 GW of solar capacity.
So far, Saudi Arabia has identified two possible sites for power stations, on the Gulf coast at Umm Huwayd and Khor Duweihin.
Plans for small reactors for desalination are also well advanced. “IAEA missions are of crucial importance when preparing for the introduction of nuclear power programs, especially in so-called newcomer states — those with little or no experience regarding nuclear power,” Bernhard said.
This is of great value both for the nuclear newcomer and the international community.”cSaudi Arabia is selecting finalists from five countries — the US, China, Russia, France and South Korea —that it invited earlier this year to bid on a project to build the two plants. The selection of a winning bid and the signing of contracts are expected by the end of 2018.
“Saudis have recognized that it is important for them to develop a nuclear power program,” said Lady Barbara Judge, former head of the UK Atomic Energy Authority. “The days of oil and gas are waning, and it is not appropriate for any country to rely on one source of energy — more and more of the world’s population is worrying about climate change.”
Nuclear is a carbon-free techno-logy that provides continuous generation. “Even if a country is investing heavily in renewables, they have the problem of only being available when the sun shines and the wind blows,” said Judge, who is a member of the International Advisory Board for the development of nuclear energy in the UAE.
“Accordingly, back-up generation is needed to assure a continuous supply of energy. To me, it seems the Saudis, like Abu Dhabi, are perfectly situated to build a new nuclear power plant — they have the backing of the government and the funds to build a first-class plant, and they understand that it is inappropriate today to rely solely on oil.
“They also have the resources to bring in international experts and to conduct an effective public outreach program to educate the population about the benefits of nuclear energy.”
Judge said that IAEA missions provide an assurance that the construction, operation and safety culture will be of the highest standard. “The IAEA is an independent appraiser and adviser, and it helps countries to appropriately plan and design their new project.”
The move falls in line with the Kingdom’s Vision 2030, which is based on diversifying its economy away from oil and gas. And with desalination and residential cooling set as the two largest uses of power, and desalinated water demand expected to double in the next decade, experts say that it is more profitable for the country to sell oil and gas while using alternative resources, such as nuclear, for water desalination.
“Saudi Arabia has to find ways to diversify and increase its power production capacity for economic growth and development,” said Dr. Peter Bode, former associate professor in nuclear science and technology at the Delft University in the Netherlands.
“Nuclear power is one of the options in the power mix that could also contain wind energy and solar, but these systems cannot take over the major role in the power mix. Moreover, these are also somehow much more vulnerable to damage, like sabotage, and even the effects of climate change.”
He said nuclear power is a proven technology with high reliability and safety — a nuclear power plant typically operates for about 60 to 70 years, and provides jobs for about 1,000 people over that period. “Wind and solar energy are options for local and domestic energy production, but not to provide the needs of industry.”
In 2010, a Saudi royal decree said that the development of atomic energy is essential to meet the Kingdom’s growing requirements for energy. The country formed the King Abdullah City for Atomic and Renewable Energy (KA-CARE).
In July last year, the Cabinet approved the establishment of the National Project for Atomic Energy, and new financial and administrative regulations for KA-CARE, which was set up in Riyadh.
“As long as the future international oil market price was above $60 to $65 per barrel, nuclear power made sense,” said Holger Rogner, an Atomic Reporters director, energy economist and former head of the IAEA’s energy planning section.
“The domestic price of oil used for electricity generation and desalination is highly subsidized, so if they replace electricity generation with nuclear power, and sell this oil at market prices abroad, the difference in revenue would basically pay for the nuclear power plant. There are clear thresholds when things make sense,” he said.
Fully finished bi-level located in the back of a quiet close. Bright extra large entry that leads you up to the living, dining and kitchen area, all under vaulted ceilings. Great open layout with 2 bedrooms up including a huge master bedroom with duel closets and a 3 piece ensuite. The kitchen has dark cabinets, island, black appliances, a pantry and access to a covered deck overlooking the fully landscaped yard. The recently finished basement comes with a family room, wet bar, storage room, a 3rd bedroom and a 3rd bathroom which in not yet complete(tun only). Lots of storage throughout this home as well as under the covered deck. All measurements and information deemed accurate but should be verified by purchaser.
Vice‑Chairman, Products, General Liability and Consumer Law Committee, Section of Tort and Insurance Practice, 1981‑1982;
Chairman‑Elect Toxic and Hazardous Substances and Environmental Law Committee, Section of Tort and Insurance Practice, 1987-1988
Chairman, Toxic and Hazardous Substances and Environmental Law Committee, Section of Tort and Insurance Practice, 1988-1989
Cancer is the biggest threat in the present age. The doctors are worries because despite a lot of searches they have been unable to find an appropriate treatment for the disease that can help them to quickly cure the individuals suffering from cancer. No doubt the treatment at the first stage is available but if…
We are holding a H2 (Hydrogen) Professional certification issued by renown Molecular Hydrogen Institute to individuals who have Profound knowledge on Hydrogen
We are one of the fastest growing team globally in more than 20 countries, with more than 15,000 members
Positive feedbacks and review from happy customer, with more than 100 testimonials, hence we able to provide you with best quality advice on any of your question
GOLD FIELDS - Damang Gold MineDamang Gold Mine is owned and operated by Abosso Goldfields Limited (AGL), a Ghanaian . The Damang plant currently processes 5.2 Mtpa from a blend of.gold mining damang plant,Damang Gold Mine - Building a Gold Fields Franchise AssetMay 19, 2015 . Depart Tarkwa to Damang. Breakfast at Damang. Presentation and Safety Briefing (Town Site Club. House). Plant visit. Visit to Mining.
from the Damang Pit, Open pit mining operation – dump . Operational infrastructure, The Damang plant processes oxide and fresh ore, which is sourced from.
Mar 5, 2015 . The CIL plant at the Tarkwa Gold Mine has a current throughput capacity of approximately 13.3 million tons per annum, whilst at the Damang.
Damang Gold Mine is owned and operated by Abosso Goldfields Limited (AGL), a Ghanaian . The Damang plant currently processes 5.2 Mtpa from a blend of.
The Damang Plant processes 5.1 Mt pa from a blend of proximately 37% oxide ore and 63% fresh ore, sourced from the open pit mining operations and existing.
Confirmation of the preferred long-term plan for Damang by mid-2016. •, Damang will revert to contractor mining at the end of Q1 2016 while the long-term.
A new SAG mill and CIL plant commenced continuous operations at the Tarkwa . Surface mining at Damang commenced in August 1997 and Gold Fields.
The Company's Australia operations consist of four gold mines: St Ives, . grinding (SAG) and ball mill, and carbon in leach (CIL) processing plant. Damang operates under a mining lease with a total area of approximately 8,100 hectares.
In the gold sector, Red Back Mining Inc. of Canada, [through its . Gold Fields Ltd. of South Africa operated the Damang gold mine; . The designed capacity of the processing plant was 2.1 million metric tons per year (Mt/yr).
May 19, 2016 . Gold Fields Ghana (GFG) is presently the number one gold mining . in excess of 935,000 ounces from its two operating mines at Damang and Tarkwa. . all engineering activities of the Process plant, Mine infrastructure and.
The company's BIOX plant having had its first full year of production in 2008 . Gold Fields' Damang mine on the other hand recorded an increase in output of.
Damang. Anglo Gold Ashanti operates mines at Obuasi and Iduapriem, near . This plant was constructed in a response to the 2007 Ghana electricity crisis,.
Dec 15, 2015 . . an independent study into Gold Fields' Damang gold mine in Ghana will . The plant has a capacity of 5.1-million tons of throughput a year.
Feb 17, 2015 . Ghana's gold mining industry is hoping for a healthier performance in 2015, . the Damang and Tarkwa mines operated by sector leader Gold Fields, . up plans to establish a major gold refinery plant by the end of this year,.
at Harmony Gold Mine at Welkom in 1994 caused extensive damage and .. gold mine and the Damang open pit/CIL plant. In 1996, SRK authored the original.
May 27, 2016 . The Engineering Department of Damang Gold Mine is currently . control all engineering activities of the Process plant, Mine infrastructure and.
AngloGold Ashanti: a leading global gold producer operating in 11 countries and listed . The Iduapriem mine, wholly owned by AngloGold Ashanti since September . Obuasi currently treats sulphide ores from underground at the south plant,.
Aug 22, 2016 . Stone crusher price request from Ethiopia . capacity of Turkey: small and medium size, automatic block making machine and stone crushers.
Results 1 - 20 of 189 . This page contains the list of different Ethiopian Importers with their full . that ranges from steel and heavy machinery to pen and pencil.
Abulkhase PLC. is an Ethiopian importer and distributor of construction and . of quality materials and equipment throughout several industries in Ethiopia. . Suppliers and dealers of: Concrete Mixers, Stone Crushers and Stone . General importer, whole sale and retail distributor of over 13 various categories of products.
Ethiopia · Mining Equipment . How can I find Single-stage hammer crusher in Ethiopia? How much is . What's the Stone crusher plant sale cost? how much.
International manufactures screening and crushing equipment including crushers, screeners, trommels, stackers and conveyors. . USED EQUIPMENT FOR SALE . open day in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on November 14th to showcase the latest equipment along with crushing and screening solutions offered to the.
stone crusher machine made in italy,brazil jaw crusher buyer stone crusher . Stone Crusher Importers In Ethiopia River Stone Crushing sell in Ethiopia, ADM.
Search from thousands of other property for sale in Ethiopia. . The Stone Crushing site is located 25Km from Addis Ababa in Sululta, Oromia region and it is.
Ethiopia also manufactures a useful concrete mixing machine with quality and different . Start working with our countries famous construction companies and sell our . Pumice Crusher; Stone Crusher; Semi-Automatic Block Making Machine.
Aug 12, 2016 . In Ethiopia belt conveyor for sale with price, used conveyors for sale . used quarry conveyors sale Rock Crusher Equipment In Ethiopia.
market, the proposed plant is assumed to sell its product at Birr 2000 for a pair of stones. Grinding stones . The list of machinery and equipment required for manufacturing of grinding stones are given in Table 3 . Crusher with fittings. 1. 2. Weighing .. The proposed project helps to diversify ANRS' and Ethiopian economy.
Feb 18, 2016 . A new metal detecting machine is said to be productive with the . but also machines like dry washer, gold cube, rock crusher and the . We don't sell the product but also give training for gold miners how to use the machine.".
Sep 21, 2014 . Private Company to Manufacture Ethiopia's First Sugarcane Crushing Machines. The machinery being built lying on the floor in KG's.
provide not only granite crushing machine for sale with best price, but also . South Africa, Germany, China, Congo, Ethiopia, Zimbabwe, Canada, Spain,.
cement ball mill processAug 10, 2016 . disadvantages of cement manufacturing process by ball mill Comparison . Conventionally, a ball mill and a classifier were used for the cement.ball mill used for cement manufacturing process,cement plant ball mill manufacture plantFeb 15, 2016 . ball mill used to grind line in cement plant, MTM Crusher ball mill . clinker grinding plant processing from cement ball mill used clinker.
Aug 30, 2012 . Cement Manufacturing Process Phase 1: Raw Material Extraction. Cement uses raw . There are also various other raw materials used for cement manufacturing. For example shale, fly . material grinding. Rotating ball mill.
Cement clinker is usually ground using a ball mill. . Clinker grinding uses a lot of energy and the cement becomes hot - this can result in the . two is perhaps not the best way to get a clear picture of a complex process like cement production.
Cement Production . The cement making process can be divided; first "clinker" is made at . Traditionally, ball mills have been used for cement milling. In recent.
Clinker grinding (cement mill), packing plant & Loading plant, quality control. .. Ball mill is used in cement industry. After the dry chamber material enters.
Aug 27, 2015 . Learn cement manufacturing process thoroughly. . These materials are then pulverized into fine powder in ball mills and tube mills. . The dry process has been modernized and is widely used at present because of following.
manufacturing process, drawing on average 40% of the total energy required to .. are widely used in cement grinding, in which the material exiting the ball mill.
Cement, mining, processing,Information. . Some typical materials used for calcium carbonate in cement manufacturing are line, chalks, marbles, marls, and . From there, the ¾ inch ore is typically reduced to a powder in a large ball mill.
Ball mill is the key equipment for grinding after crushing process, which is widely used in manufacture industries of cement, silicate, new building material,.
Parent Process: Finish Grinding . In China, for 5000t/d cement production line using a ball mill with closed circuit system, power . share information on all available energy efficient technologies generally used in the world's cement industry.
of cement manufacturing processes, various energy savings measures were reviewed and presented. .. used for grinding the raw materials using a ball mill.
Diagram of the cement manufacture process at a modern cement plant . .. grinding balls in a 7500 HP ball mill used for clinker grinding in Mexico, a 17.5%.
in cement control and optimization projects. Operator .. the ECS/ProcessExpert Ball mill application is built . Mill draft. • Water flow. • On-line process state estimation. Parameters monitored. • Product . used to prioritize between objectives. 9.
The raw material preparation stage of cement manufacture results in the ... The first dry process plant (Norman) had seven Griffin mills for rawmix grinding. . The ball mill by this stage used forged steel balls as grinding media and had its.
Additionally Cenin Cement's manufacturing process is designed to be highly . All raw materials including clinkers are processed by a vertical roller mill or ball mill. . control process before being used in blends to produce the finished product.
Jan 16, 2006 . Average) charts were used to monitor the cement fineness by using historical data. As a result, it is . used in the cement milling process monitoring in order to detect small shifts in 32-micrometer . CEMENT MANUFACTURING PROCESS. ... Fuzzy Model of Portland Cement Milling in Tube-Ball Mill on.
The primary raw materials used for cement manufacture at Colleen Bawn are . Clay and line are fed into the air-swept ball mills in proportions of 86%.
Two general classifications of gearing are used for ball Mill drives. . Cement grinding using Grate Discharge principles developed in the ore milling . machinery manufacturing, industrial and mining equipment, ball mills and rod mills as well.
Discover all the means used to grind your material in a mill on Magotteaux's website. . Grinding media are the means used to crush or grind material (cement, . Different manufacturing process: balls for instance, can be cast or forged for.
Grinding may be done either in ball mill or tube mill or both. Then . Cement manufacture by wet process used either chalk or lime stone as one of the raw.
We would like to send you occasional news, information and special offers by email. To join our mailing list, simply tick the box below. You can unsubscribe at any time.
If you are sure you have seen everything that gay porn can offer its viewers you are mistaken! Only specialized gay tube is able to give you the whole spectrum of male lust and genuine emotions. Check out dozens of amazingly hot categories and sex videos from them depending on your mood. Experienced merciless masters and shy teen toys, tough uniformed fellows and first-timers are waiting for you!
All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages.
We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. Copyright © 2012 baddaddytube.com
Winter has been trying to hang on to Minnesota for the last couple weeks. Summer has been elbowing its way in, but not without a few blasts of snow. We at Alex’s are all cautiously optimistic that spring is finally here, and we are on our way to a much anticipated summer.
Of course with the warming air comes the greening of the grass, followed closely by the weeds. The best way to prevent weeds from disrupting your lawn is to do a little preventative maintenance. Early to mid-spring is generally the best time to put down pre-emergent herbicides, as the soil temperature is best for the herbicides to work, but the weeds have not yet germinated. Because pre-emergent herbicides act to disrupt weed seed germination, they are most effective at controlling annual weeds (such as crabgrass).
In the Twin Cities region, May 5th-May 20th is the ideal time to apply pre-emergent weed controls. This is also a great time to apply a spring fertilizer, to replenish nutrients your lawn needs to start the summer season with healthy, vigorous growth that will, in turn, be more competitive against weeds.
Alex’s Lawn and Turf offers several fertilization and weed control plans designed to keep your lawn green, healthy, and happy. If you would be interested in learning more, feel free to call the office! We would love to hear from you.
28:50 s 97manigra I tried playing with my gal in Vol05 - swimsuit knitting - Uploader: Nudezzz 2016-07-11 Tags:
28:50 s 97manigra I tried playing with my gal in Vol05 - swimsuit knitting - Uploader: FapDX 2016-07-13 Tags:
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. Badteencam.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
This is a picture of May and her sisters Mary and Lily. The woman next to my mother is her friend, Dora. They're walking along Blackpool promanade. For me the picture is all about the sunny optimism of the early 1950's. It brings back the almost magical sense of community I remember as a child. Back doors were always open to children (like cat-flaps today) and the street was like a village with the shared experience of war.
The most important feature of Ribblesdale Avenue was the brick power station at its end. Beyond that was a small haulage yard, a few apple trees and the railway embankment. The power station had a decorative feature on either side of it: red brick protrusions, half and inch thick that allowed us access to the top.
That building was dominated much of our childhood. It doubled up as the Alamo, countless US Cavalry outposts, Spanish galleons, pirate ships, pill boxes against hard faced Germans, or creepily ferocious Japanese.
We never ran out of ammunition for the top of the power station was deeply gravelled and it made excellent grapeshot. Sometimes we would carry up our own stones, when the conflict was serious, the Germans more hard-faced than usual.
Our most usual weapon was the invisible gun - two fingers and a whistling cluck, the invisible rifle, an extended right arm supported by the left and two rigid fingers you sighted down. On each corner of the building were the machine gunners who’d erupt in loud staccato hiccups when the fighting got tough. We saw off Comanche, Apache, Arapaho; Mexicans charging across endless red plains; we saw off rustlers, Confederates, Japanese, SS, the Afrika corp. Our guns were most effective. The other side dying spectacular deaths, only to get up again - after a decent interval - brush themselves down, and continue the fight. It was a child’s Valhalla. When the battle was over we went in for tea.
When I think of it now, they were remarkable people bound together by remarkable events. All of them had either fought at sea or on land, and those too old to enlist had manned the anti-aircraft guns positioned on the railway embankment close to the street. For years after we scavenged shells, cartridge cases, helmets, gas-masks. Today we have play stations - which everyone knows are really for ‘oldies’ seeking active minds.
There was, and maybe still is, a great tradition amongst the ‘Parrys’ of naming a son after the father. This in effect transformed the family into a franchise of Robin Hood’s Merry Men with: ‘Big John’ and ‘Little John’, ‘Big Frank and Little Frank’, 'Big Mike and Little Mike',‘Big Dave and Little Dave’, and in the case of Owen, (if you’ve been following closely, and strictly in theoretical terms only) ‘Big Owen’, and ‘Little Owen’ and ‘Very Little Owen’
Very Little Owen (we didn’t really call him that) was my Uncle Owen, the middle son of Owen Parry and Annie (nee Cowley.)
Uncle Owen and his wife Pat lived just off Warbreck Moor, very close to us, and I have very clear memories of my Aunty Pat. I think it needs to be said that very young children recognise a beautiful woman well before all the nonsense of puberty kicks in. My Aunty Pat was beautiful and she died very young leaving two small children. My uncle was distraught, understandably drank a little more than he should, and sometime later took up with another woman who treated the children poorly.
One day she was found at the bottom of the stairs, scared out of her wits and claiming that she’d been pushed. Her account was quite graphic. She’d been walking up the stairway when a woman materialised out of thin air and pushed her down. The first time I heard this story I was sitting under our kitchen table attempting to turn the Liverpool Echo into a Magic Carpet with scissors and some complex origami. I remember closing my eyes, trying to visualise the scene. I wanted to pop out from under the table with a whole series of questions, but wisely stayed put. The general consensus was that it must have been Aunty Pat, coming back to protect her two children, and I remember waving my scissors in glee.
Now this, I confess is a second-hand story, though in a family Celtic through and through accepted as more probable than possible.
I was a student at the time, lodging in 17 High fields Road, Langland, Swansea. It was an interesting place, run by an ex officer in the RAF and his wife with the help of a small hunch-backed lady. Husband and Wife resented the fact that they had to take in students, and their servant was forever trying to explain away their distaste for us.
One night I woke up in pitch darkness, and there was a woman, standing at the foot of my bed. There was no colour to her apart from a generalised whitish glow. I remember easing myself on to my pillow in quiet excitement. There was no fear, just this intense excitement that something inexplicable had just occurred - was occurring - she was still there. The thought crossed my mind that it had to be a dream, so I scratched and pinched myself. Then came the fear that despite all this, in the cold light of day, I might well try and convince myself it was after all a dream. I pulled some hair - kept on staring - and slowly she disappeared. (And no, I hadn’t been drinking that night)
The interesting thing is that she came back a few months later. This time I was at home in Liverpool, and I woke up in the middle of the night to see her standing over me at the side of the bed. Again, no fear - a sense of peace - AND, possibly more significantly, instant recognition. It was the same lady. Don’t ask me how I know. Again I went through the pinching of flesh routine; she faded a little more quickly than previously, but was there long enough for me to be sure I was awake.
I know all the quasi-scientific explanations that can explain most things away, and there are others who’d claim it was my Guardian Angel. People believe what they will whether 'New Age' or 'Materialist'. My only regret is that I haven’t seen her since.
John Parry, my uncle and Dave’s brother was only 19 years old when he was called up for National Service. Six weeks later he was in Korea, and shortly after that he’d stuck a bayonet in a Korean’s stomach and watched him die still attached to the end of his gun. The war changed him.
My uncle John as a boy was cheerful and sensitive. He came home from Korea subject to mood swings and sudden bursts of temper. As children we only saw his sunny side; the darker moments we heard about later from those who lived with him. What I do know however was that he made my first ‘go cart’ constructed from a plank of wood and pram wheels; when I was older he plied me and my brother with whisky whenever we visited - which was often! It was then, sometimes, that the stories came out and he’d re-live killing his first man.
That story, and the one my Granddad told of his horse, dying on top of him stick in the mind. John’s other stories were equally exciting to boys growing up, but in a strange way they’ve become subsumed by a hundred war films on Korea or Vietnam eg: how the North Koreans would position women in the paddy fields and then place mines around them. The British or American soldiers - convinced that the fields must be safe if women were working there - would walk across them and lose their legs or worse. John came home physically intact.
The picture shows Owen Thomas Parry in his engineering works which was situated in Melling, just behind Aintree Racecourse. He underestimated the advantages of new technology and the business went under.
This is a picture of Owen Parry, our grandfather - a young man during the Great War. The horse I think is the one that died as it lay on top of him.
Our great grandfather was Owen Thomas Parry born 1864 and in that same year Abraham Lincoln established Thanksgiving as America’s National Holiday. The two are not necessarily related. Owen Thomas Parry died aged 52 December 16th 1916.
As far as I know, he served in no war, though it must be said great things were happening in the American Civil War the year he was born. Ulysses S Grant and General Sherman were busy marching up and down the eastern seaboard, burning stuff and killing people.
General John Sedgwick was shot and killed by a confederate sharpshooter during fighting at Spotsylvania, Va. His last words before getting hit were "They couldn't hit an elephant at this distance."
Europe had a war, one peculiar to itself, over Schleswig Holstein, most easily pronounced when drunk or when suffering from a cold. Lord Palmerston, our Prime Minister summed it up. ‘There were only three people who ever understood Schleswig Holstein: King Frederick of Prussia, a German professor, and myself. King Frederick is dead. The Professor is half mad, and I have forgotten it.'
Colonel John M. Chivington, attacked an unsuspecting village of Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians camped on Sand Creek and killed some 300 Indians including women and children, many of whose bodies were mutilated.
General George Armstrong Custer married Elizabeth Bacon in 1864 and died at the battle of Little Big Horn when our great grandfather was twelve.
Charing Cross Station opened in London and in the Netherlands Gerard Adriaan Heineken founded a beer brewery. In 2002 it was the world’s 3rd largest.
I think, what a great time to be alive. I grew up loving the myth of the 'wild west' especially as whenI grew older I discovered the reality wasn' t much different! The problem, I suppose was the price that was paid. I think we have an ancestor who lost his leg at Fort Pickens - wherever that was. So, I don't know whether our great grandfather ever fought in a war. I hope he didn't. His son and grandson did.
When Owen Thomas Parry died, his son, Owen Parry was serving in the Artillery in World War I. I haven’t yet found out whether he was home for the death of his father, or he got a telegram, which would have been unusual, because it was usually the other way round.
Owen Parry, our grandfather told many stories of life in the trenches, none of them pleasant. There are two that stick in the mind one of which continued to upset him many years later. He was holding his horse by the reins, quietening him as the shells whistled past. The next moment a shell hit the horse knocking it over on top of my granddad. He was trapped, unable to move, still holding on to the horse’s neck. What upset my grandfather (and me when I think of it) was the horse’s eye, inches from his own, looking at him, its light fading as it slowly died.
It’s a small example of how the personal becomes tragedy as opposed to statistics - or the unknown. I have one particular example. When he was clambering over his trench something wet and sticky slapped across his face. Instinctively his hand went up to rub it off only to find it was flesh and skin - someone else’s.
Good boots were in short supply and German boots were noted for their quality. Soldiers saw nothing wrong in taking the boots from a dead German, though it became unpleasantly surreal when there was only a leg, the rest of the body having been pulverised by shrapnel or shell.
Our granddad's final battle war was terminal. He didn't want to go and put up a damned good fight. He'd outlived two pacemakers - didn't mind the operations but hated the hospitals and the petty indignities. He hated the bed-pan, much preferring the toilet. One night he caused a degree of mayhem. The problem he had to solve, was this. He was wired up to various monitors assessing various bodily functions. It was the middle of the night. Very patiently he 'numbered'his body with a ball point pen, each number corresponding to something specific attached to his body. The idea was that he would be able to re-attach the wires to the correct place when he returned from the toilet. When the job was done he tore off the wires and leapt out of bed in an old man's version of 'The Great Escape'. Alarms sounded and he was caught, much to his indignation, halfway down the ward.
I grew up knowing a cheerful, feisty, possibly wilful but always generous old man. I know there was a darker side, but it's not my job to tell that story.
Warbreck Moor and two more to follow. I loved the skyline, now with knowledge, then because it seemed strange. I loved red brick.
The corner of Wyresdale. To the left Shaws the Chemist, now Bargin Booze (sic) To the right Taylors the Breadshop, now something else. I used to daydream as to who lived under the spire.
This picture of Easbourne Road is way before my time...honest. But it hasn't changed that much. The Wesleyan church has unfortunately been knocked down and replaced by some small town houses - with unadventurous roofs.
I had my first hallucinogenic experience when I was about seven. It was at the dentist’s. I remember his eyes staring down at me, a black rubbery mask-like thing put over my mouth and nose and a stern voice telling me to breathe in deeply. The next thing I remember is being a large, furry bat flying down a long black tunnel that was too small for me. I’m telling you, being a claustrophobic bat is not a nice experience, but having said that, it prepared me for the sixties and seventies. I woke up with a dry throat and a bloody mouth.
The dentist was inappropriately named, Mr Friendly, he smelled of antiseptic, and his drill was the size of a small power tool that could have tackled concrete. The first time he inspected my mouth was when I was about five. I bit his finger and ran out the surgery, past my mum in the waiting room. Within moments I was tearing across a main road, (Warbreck Moor) and was someway down Wyresdale Road before my mother caught me. I was taken back to Mr Friendly and my lessons in dentistry continued.
If I was to freeze-frame just one moment and try to recapture what Warbreck Moor was like in the 1950’s and 60’s, you’d have to imagine me tugging against my mother’s hand and staring back at the road I’d just crossed. The road is still there but the shops and small village atmosphere have now entirely gone.
Directly opposite me was a small patch of grass called Baker’s field where the green No. 2 and No. 30 buses would stop and take us to town. Occasionally a red Ribble bus would pass, coming from such obscure far- away places as Blackpool, Preston, or Ormskirk. Just to the right of the field were four shops. Mangells was a greengrocers shop with wooden floorboards and a perpetually stale and rotten smell. At the back of the shop was large barrel of vinegar with a tap. You bought your own bottles and it was filled up for a penny. There was also a metal bucket in which he kept his beetroot. We never bought his beetroot and this was largely due to my grandmother. She worked in the shop part time and when she needed to go to the toilet, was directed to the metal bucket. Whether there were beetroot in it at the time, or she had to first take them out, she didn’t say.
Next door was a Newsagent, Ruddocks - the centre of much gossip which continued unchanged when it was sold and renamed as Gordons. Next to that was an off-license, and then, on the corner of Wyresdale Road, Shaw’s the chemist.
In an age now of chain store pharmacies, it is hard to recapture the prestige and respect local chemists once enjoyed. His word was law and followed to the letter. Mind you, I’ve never forgiven him for prescribing Friar’s Balsam. It was a foul yellowish liquid that you could rub on your chest, or drink in hot water. It tasted of sugar and sulphur and left a yellowish stain on wherever it landed. It was supposed to cure most things - along the lines of Elias Ashmole’s cure for asthma: swallow a young frog wrapped in muslin. (it’s slime presumably lubricated your throat before being pulled out). Confronted with the frog or Friar’s Balsam, recovery was swift, almost miraculous.
Crossing Wyresdale you had Tailors the baker, Albert the greengrocer and Dave the butcher. The shops were punctuated by a harsh redbrick Methodist church which had a great roof for climbing on…in search of God. Then, on the corner of Eastbourne Road: another newsagent, Robertsons, a fish and chip shop, a haberdashery and finally Moses a small, slightly more expensive bakery. Just to the right of the door as you came in were large sacks of dog biscuits. To a five year old they were just biscuits and I grew to like the taste, until my mother found out and stopped me.
The handsome fellow in the cap is me. The boy behind me is my uncle Dave, now the patriarch of the family, then a ten year old boy. We’re sitting in the garden of 24 Helsby Road. As a child I found this place both warm and magical. They had a dog for one. Towser. We weren’t allowed dogs, or cats. But we got our revenge by inflicting upon our mum a never ending variety of rabbits (more about them later) mice, hamsters and guinea pigs, some of them albino. Then there were the frogs. Personally, I think she’d have been better of with just a dog and have had done with it.
Not only did he have a dog, our grandfather also kept canaries and budgerigars in a hand-made aviary at the back of the garden. As I said, 24 Helsby was magical.
I can imagine my children’s faces if they stepped back in time and saw a large wooden table inclined like a ski slope. The legs furthest away would be pressing down on tin plates which in turn were pressing down on meat salvaged from cows’ tongue or pigs’ head. Tongue or brawn is rarely seen now days, but it tasted alright. Better than a ‘chicken nugget’ or a ‘Turkey Twizzler’.
I have a strong, intensely visual memory of their kitchen with its deep red quarry tiles and the black cast iron range. The best way to describe a cast iron range is to see it as an open plan Aga cooker. A fire blazed, heating small ovens to either side of it. The room was dominated by a large wooden table - usually in a horizontal position.
I remember one Christmas and one particular cheese. Why does the mind play these tricks? Why, out of a thousand thousand memories do just a few stick out? As I’m writing this the answer becomes apparent. Mine are largely to do with food. I shall brandish the exceptions when they come. Anyway this was a large block of red Leicester cheese. It looked so good, and I wanted to eat it, and I was too polite to ask and then my dad looked at his watch and said we had to go, and I’m banging my head against the keyboard now, still salivating over that cheese. Yes, I’ve bought red Leicester since, but none of it tasted like that cheese would have done.
I was a toddler then and too bloody polite if you ask me. Politeness was prized, but what about the cheese?
I’ve heard since that not all was light and laughter at 24 Helsby, but to a small child, it seemed so - especially playing with my ‘uncles’ Dave and John. They must have been very tolerant.
Dave can talk the hind-legs of a regiment of donkeys, and sell them back again. He's also one of the funniest men I know. However for a ‘Patriarch’ he lacks gravitas and the obligatory white beard.
He remembers, as a boy, having a ‘vegetable round’, delivering fruit and vegetables balanced in a large iron basket welded to the front of the bike. He likes his food, too, often nibbling away at what then were quite exotic and expensive fruit. Unfortunately his life of crime was unexpectedly cut short when a customer weighed her produce and found it significantly less than she’d paid for.
Albert, the greengrocer was a frightening man with watery blue eyes and a big red face. He wore industrial strength pullovers, or tweed jackets that often looked too small for him. As I said, he frightened me as a child, but he had a soft spot for my uncle. Even as a boy, Dave was entrusted to haggle and buy fresh fruit and veg from the market for the shop. There’s more to life than school.
I remember him barely into his teens making toffee apples in our grandmother’s sink and selling them from a battered old van. Later as a manager of a shoe shop in the centre of Liverpool, later still as a man who bought a large house cheaply and rented out the rooms, whilst he and my ‘auntie’ Carol lived on the ground-floor pretending to be tenants like everyone else. I remember helping him shift some boxes in his ‘new’ house. I was sweating like a pig, and he handed be a tumbler of water which turned out to be neat cointreau. It’s beautiful stuff, sipped. Gulped down it’s like napalm.
I would guess that his favourite job - though he had his moments in the shoe shop - was working for the museum carrying and exhibits back and forth and talking to landed gentry and owners of stately homes as though they were his equals - something they appreciated - or at least he says they did.
Dave should be retired now, but I doubt if he’ll ever do that. He’s be working out how to make money from his funeral.
A picture of my mother. The baby is me pondering over the implications of that letter my dad sent me
In later life our dad was crippled by a stroke and spent his last ten years imprisoned in an armchair, unable to speak except in an incoherent mumble only my mum could understand. She cared for him as she’d cared for everyone throughout her life. He was struck down when I was University. When I was home I never helped as much as I should have done. It might have been ‘a man thing’ or the selfishness of someone who for the first time in his life was enjoying the first fruits of independence and wanted to give none of it back. Basically it was selfishness. You learn from it and hope that Karma is more generous.
It is easy to remember walking into the living room, seeing the battered black armchair close to the fire and, from its back, seeing my dad’s square-ish head. It was neatly combed in the morning but as the day went on it became more unruly; the hair would be in tufts, sticking out from over the top of the chair. Now I would love few things better than to be able to stroke that head, show him some of the affection I wasn’t able to show him when I was young.
That kicked in when we hit our teens. We learnt to lie, to evade, obscuring one truth with another more palatable. It is easy to lie when the alternative is a grey life in doors at the time Liverpool was ‘the centre of the universe’ (Alan Ginsberg’s line not mine) The world was exploding, or so it seemed, and we wanted more freedom than our parents were willing to give. A little deceit goes along way.
It also has its downside. When he returned from sea, our dad would bring with him a great box of American comics. He hid them in a cupboard in the front room and every Sunday afternoon would give us one each to read.
The problem arose when we discovered where they were hidden. It was like discovering treasure, a large cardboard box, brimming over with comics. We waited until the house was empty and read them all in an orgy of self indulgence. OK we didn’t know what an orgy was. This was as good as it got for a twelve year old in the late 1950’s. Only orgies, we discovered, had consequences. Our dad continued to dole out the comics on subsequent Sundays, and every Sunday we hid our guilt beneath pretended delight. It was hard at first, but got easier. That’s the problem. Deceit feeds on deceit.
I was a gluttonous reader and collected books like stamps. Sometimes my dad would bring home a book or two from the ship’s library, which was good. The problem lay in reciprocation. He expressed the intention of taking some of ‘my’ books to the ship in exchange. I refused. The books he had in his hand were part of a set I’d been collecting for some time (For the older geek ‘The Saint’ by Leslie Charteris) Our dad ruled the house with a rod of iron, but ‘property rights’ were ‘property rights’. In frustration he slammed the books down on the table and called me as ‘mean as cat-shit’. I’ve often puzzled over that particular metaphor:
Would dog-shit have meant I was marginally more generous? Or Rabbit shit - its tiny glistening balls, maybe signifying the timidly mean, elephant shit, the carelessly mean. But no, he chose cat-shit, and cat-shit has no qualifiers. There’s nothing good about it. It’s mean.
It was a fair call. I struggle to be generous. It’s peculiar the things you remember, but those words have acted as a spur ever since.
We knew he loved us. It was something we were told. But it was something that was never openly expressed. Part of it was a generational thing, more so with our dad because he was a deeply reserved person. It may also have had something to do with war. In our Grand-dad’s case, the First World War, for our dad, World War 11. There were no post war syndromes or traumas recognised or counselled. Peace came and you got on with it. Problems and memories you dealt with on your own. Husbands sometimes came back as strangers. No one was unaffected.
Our dad had been in the thick of it, he’d been on the convoys, been on the Murmansk run, escaped torpedoes and had come back unscathed. It might have made him more prone to sternness and duty, less tolerant of ‘weakness.’ Looking back I’m more aware of discipline, sometimes fear rather than any great sense of ease.
When I went off to University, he insisted on carrying my suitcase to the bus stop and he shook my hand. That’s the only tactile experience I can remember. I heard afterwards he came home restless and occupied himself by painting a bedroom that didn’t need painting.
What I couldn't do as a child - learning to like myself - to the extreme of complacency, Thomas, my son would say derisively.
That in time Thomas and Frances will remember all my faults but hopefully remember me hugging them. I think, on balance, I’d rather be mocked than feared - or maybe I’m just learning to live with it!
This website uses cookies to manage authentication, navigation, and other functions. By clicking on 'I agree', you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. View e-Privacy Directive Documents
History is filled with moments when it seemed like events could have gone in an entirely different direction if only a crucial person had made a different choice, if only something hadn't happened the way it did. When it resulted in tragedy having been averted (the Germans halting their advance at Dunkirk, for example), we tend to consider these to be lucky breaks, and even though decades or centuries may separate us from the events in question, we breathe a sigh of relief. When the events result in great tragedy, however, we sit back with the gift of hindsight and distance of many decades or centuries and frame the events which followed as having been inevitable; yes, this may have been the spark, but all the necessary components for an explosion were in place, so if this particular thing hadn't set it off, something else would have.
This doesn't just happen in historical analysis, it happens in many fictional accounts of time travel and parallel universes as well. For example, in his absolutely brilliant novel Making History, Stephen Fry does a particularly splendid job of imagining a world made worse by the absence of Hitler, arguing that all the pieces that led to his rise and The Holocaust were in place and had he not done it, someone else would have, perhaps more effectively. The argument, it seems, is that history is set in stone, not just because it has already happened, but because even if one has the means to change the past, the past cannot be changed.
So all this being said, for a good chunk of my life I did not spend much time wishing for a Time Machine so I could tell John F. Kennedy to stay out of Dallas
Another great trope of much speculative fiction is that in those instances where one travels to a parallel universe (or encounters travelers from parallel universes) the other ones are worse than ours; of course, this is not always readily obvious to the denizens of our universe. Eventually, however, no matter how awesome the other universes may seem, we find that all those little things that made our universe our universe made it superior to us (if only because it is ours. For example, in His Dark Materials, Will and Lyra travel to many different worlds, each of them interesting and different, but learn that living in worlds not their own will rob them of health and years of life).
So while I may have spent some time wondering what might have been if only Catherine of Aragon's two year old son had not died, it is easy for me to suspect that something else would have happened to have made enough of the history I know come to pass (none of Henry's boy children were hale or hearty, so if he did not outlive Henry, he probably would have had the same panicky need for an male heir leading into a lady in waiting's arms after Catherine's womb ceased to bear fruit) and to appreciate the good things that probably resulted from the events (would we have Shakespeare if Henry VIII had remained married to his first wife and not broken with the Church of Rome?).
It is really easy to do this when the events in question are not ones one has witnessed in real time and the history isn't currently one's present.
It has been ten years and the thing I wish with all my heart is that we could go back to the world as it was on September 10, 2001.
I look at what has happened since that day, because of that day--the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the worldwide economic recession, the erosion of our rights and civil liberties in this country, the erosion of our morality with regards to how we detain and interrogate prisoners, the rise of islamophobia--and I am sickened. But aside from all that, I still just wish the attacks never happened. I wish we all didn't know that planes could be used as bombs and that skyscrapers could be brought down in a couple of hours. I wish that so many of us did not watch people jumping from windows because that was preferable to being burned alive. I wish that we collectively did not know what it was like to feel as if time had ceased to exist and then to realize it hadn't, that it would still march relentlessly forward whether we wanted it to or not.
The events of that day did change the course of history. And while it is impossible to know what the world would be like if that day had not happened, I believe if I were I to meet someone who walked between the worlds (much like the guy in the Sandman story The Golden Boy), they would look upon me with pity because I am from one of the worlds where September 11, 2001 was not just another beautiful Indian Summer day.
Up until the beginning of August, I only had a vague idea of Jillian Michaels. I never watched her show, and thought of her as just another celebrity trainer selling something I didn't really need. After all, I already exercise 5-7 hours a week at the gym and it isn't as if she is offering what I really want (yoga, ballet, pilates).
However, the exercise I tend to do is usually of the cardiovascular sort-running, elliptical machine, biking, with the occasional stairmaster thrown in for nostalgia purposes-and every single article you read about exercise emphasizes the need to include weight training. Which is what the ballet, pilates, and yoga is for, except I am not doing enough of those activities for them to really qualify. I have tried doing weights at home, I have tried doing weights at the gym, but the truth is, I can't motivate myself to do weights consistently. I have worked with personal trainers in the past, but they are expensive and if I am spending money, I would prefer to spend it on something I love (ballet, yoga, pilates). A few participants on a message board on which I participate were always mentioning doing levels of Jillian Michaels' 30 Day Shred, but others mentioned doing P90X and Insanity, and really, it didn't seem all that interesting to me. Sure, I liked the idea of committing to something for a period of time and coming out with a body to die for, but the process sounded boring to me and, frankly, the results always seemed to be either too good to be true or not significant enough to be worth the tedium.
So there I was, less than six months shy of my fortieth birthday, considering my need to maintain my muscle mass and, it being summer, worrying that I wasn't getting as much exercise in as I do during the school year. On a lark, I borrowed Jillian Michaels' 30 Day Shred DVD from the library. I figured, I would try it out once or twice and, like so many exercise DVDs I have borrowed from the library, I would be disappointed.
I was not expecting much from this DVD. I did not expect it to be hard. I did not expect Jillian to be as likable as I found her to be. I did not expect to rise to the challenge of the program. I did not expect I would be recommending it to other people. I certainly did not expect AN EXERCISE DVD to change my life (albeit in very subtle ways). But I am skipping ahead to the grand finale, first things first.
I tried Level 1 of the 30 Day Shred on a Wednesday afternoon while Julian did Legos a few feet away (I figured I could at least try to get a 20 minute workout in while he played). I used five pound dumbbells and the only modification I made was doing the second set of pushups on my knees. I finished the workout and was pleasantly surprised to find it compared favorably with using a personal trainer. I found the weight portion a bit challenging, but was not challenged by the cardio or abs portions. I figured I would maybe try it again in a few days.
I woke up the next morning with pain in my anterior deltoids, pectoral muscles, and quadriceps muscles. Not terrible "I can't walk" pain, but the pleasant muscle burn you get after a good workout. This made me happy. I biked with Julian to a park playdate and assumed that would be my exercise for the day. However, after we came home, Julian started watching tv and I did a little internet reading on this whole Shred business, which is how I found out I was supposed to do Level 1 for ten days, Level 2 for ten days, and Level 3 for ten days with no rest days. What about the pain? I was supposed to work through the pain, at least, this is what the people on the internet said. Well, I figured, I could try doing it again that day and if I needed to quit, I'd quit. But of course, I made it through that workout. And the next day's workout. And the next day's workout. I was forced to take a rest day on Day 7 because I had an acting job, but by Day 9, I was completely pain free and doing the workout with almost no modifications whatsoever. I had kicked Level 1's butt.
On Day 1 of Level 2, I felt like I had to do modifications on every exercise and I still didn't manage to get through the whole thing. At one point, Jillian says she wants you to be "gargling your heart" and while that makes no sense when you hear it out of context, it is such an apt description for how one feels at that precise moment in the workout. The weights were hard and the cardio was hard. How could 2 minutes of cardio be hard when I run for 45 minutes regularly? Frankly, the first day of Level 2 was a bit disheartening for me. It was one of those "oh my gosh, I thought I was in shape, but this 20 minute workout really showed me what a weak lump of flesh I really am" moments. But then I thought about how I went from pain to no pain in Level 1 in only nine days and I was feeling stronger, like I could feel muscles gaining definition. So I told myself it was only nine more days. I woke up on Day 2 in no pain and I was able to complete the workout on Day 2, and by Day 5 I was able to do it with no modifications, though it still felt really hard. I had an audition on what would have been Day 8 of Level 2, so I decided to take it easy and do the last day of Level 1 which I had skipped. And it was SO EASY. I mean, not so easy that I thought I wasn't getting a good workout or anything, more like I found myself surprised by my own strength and started considering getting some 8-10 pound weights. So I completed Level 2.
A note about Level 2: Julian was in camp for those two weeks, so I was able to get cardio workouts in as well. I have wondered if part of the reason Level 2 was so difficult for me was because I was running for 45 minutes before doing the workout. On the days when I didn't run or did the Level 2 Shred workout before the run, it was a bit easier.
So having completed Level 2, I had to make a decision. The library wanted its DVD back. Was I committed enough to this 30 Day Shred to actually buy the DVD? I mean, yeah, I wanted to finish the challenge, but did I think I would do it after the challenge was over or would this be a huge waste of money? Eh, it was $12 and I decided I liked it enough that I would keep doing the workouts once the 30 days were done.
Having invested in the DVD, I began Level 3. I had previously attempted to walk through Level 3 after one of my Level 2 workouts in the hope that I would not find myself surprised by the workout as I had been with Level 2. The first day of Level 3, it actually seemed slightly easier than I expected because I wasn't doing it after my workout. Since there is much less delineation between weights, cardio, and abs in this one, it seemed both harder and easier than the previous levels. I managed to make it through with almost no modifications and there seemed to be less of a learning curve with this Level. Some days felt easier than others, but that had less to do with me progressing from cannot to can and more to do with external factors like what I ate for breakfast or how much sleep I got the night before.
Yesterday was Day 10 of Level 3. I completed Jillian Michaels' 30 Day Shred. In my case, given the rest days I took, it was more like the 37 Day Shred.
You can do an internet search to find other people's impressive before and after pictures, but I have none to show.
I am certainly stronger and more toned, but I did not lose weight nor did I lose inches. This may be because I was already in fairly alright shape when I started the routine. It also may be because the lessons I needed to learn were not about weight or inches lost, but about stamina and perseverance.
In exercise, as in life, I tend to do the things I like to do. I tell myself that if I don't like it, I won't stick to it. While I don't love doing the elliptical machine, I can usually read a magazine or something while doing it. While I don't love running, I love the endorphin rush I get afterwards and can just manage to stave off boredom with the right songs on my iPod. In exercise, as in life, I have a tendency to give up on things if they are too hard. I tell myself that if it doesn't naturally flow out of me, than I must not be meant to do it. I tell myself that people with true talent never struggle or feel doubt about their abilities. However, it isn't necessarily the best thing for one to only do the things that one likes or that are easy. It is a self-defeating thing to tell yourself that because it feels like work or because it hurts or because you get stuck, then that must mean you aren't meant to do it.
So I did learn a lot about myself doing this exercise routine. I learned that what I would never do in an hour, I would do in 20 minutes, so breaking something down into small chunks makes it easier for me to get it done. I learned that I do need an external stimulus to encourage me and sometimes that stimulus can come from a surprising source (I really would not have thought I would like Jillian so much. She is both really hard and really encouraging, but not in a perky way). I learned that I really like deadlines. But most of all, what I learned doing Jillian Michaels' 30 Day Shred is that I can commit to something that doesn't feel natural, that doesn't feel easy, that doesn't hold my interest every single second, and that I can work through the pain.
I think it is hard for those of us who were not alive when Buddy Holly was to understand what the world he was giving his music to was like. We hear the rockabilly guitar and we don't generally think of buttoned up tuxes.
Looking at this video clip of Buddy Holly on the Arthur Murray Party through the prism of over half a century, it is hard to reconcile the hints of wild abandon in the music with the girls in formal gowns. We hear Buddy Holly and we think of this
This seemed a fitting video to post for Labor Day and for what would have been Freddie Mercury's 65th birthday.
7 Jun via : “Ms Electronics is very proud to publish and distribute the new page book by Thomas Henry entitled: The VCO Chip. 56, Fig. 58, Fig. 60 & Fig. 63 found in. Thomas Henry’s VCO chip cookbook available from sMs electronics: ?t= Hi all, First post. I was wondering if someone could provide me with a link for the VCO Chip Cookbook for purchase? Cheers.
Each of these pulses will cause the voltage vco chip cookbook the collector of Q3 to briefly be pulled low.
I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation. You might also like these newsletters: Your notification has been sent Lulu Staff has vco chip cookbook notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement.
Please support our site. Location of Infringing Material Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material.
Live streaming at radio. For the 2sa transistor pair: Vco chip cookbook PM me if more than one book is requested. Sat Sep 01, 3: View unread posts View new posts in the last week Mark the cookbiok unread:: Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms vco chip cookbook our Membership Agreement.
Sat Apr 28, 3: Yep, coookbook vco chip cookbook the top of my rather large To Do list. Please note that you will be liable for damages including costs and attorneys’ fees if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. You can see the scratchtastic results below —. As a bonus, instructions for some unusual wave-shapers rampoid, anyone?
Does anyone know where the schematic for this layout is? It works for both linear and expo VCO’s with this chip. Sun Apr 29, vcl I vco chip cookbook to be contacted with the results of the investigation. This is vco chip cookbook I came up with in a book I wrote three years ago but haven’t published yet.
Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. Forget the pessimistic data sheets from the manufacturers; in vco chip cookbook amazing guide you’ll learn the secrets only a handful of designers are aware of. If you need assistance cookblok an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item. Obviously, don’t do anything commercial with it without permission, and vco chip cookbook don’t Web-publish this anywhere, but provide links back to this message. Click Image to view fullscreen. Hi all, First post. Best of all, every circuit and technique described has been thoroughly tested at the workbench; you can design neat circuits with confidence now. Sign Up Vco chip cookbook inspired with the Make: Buy in this Format.
Sat Mar 26, 2: Vco chip cookbook for your submission. There are no reviews for the current version of this product Refreshing Subscribe to Make Magazine Today! When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either vco chip cookbook down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to cookhook, and we may also contact you for more information.
Fri Mar 25, 6: Henry’s notes vco chip cookbook possible mod: Copyright Office website, http: Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney. Thanks Elmegil, Found the schem. Thu Jun 07, 2: Education How making is transforming learning. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in chkp form. Thanks for signing up. Chi, UK Audio files: I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described vco chip cookbook as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
Ahh, that would explain it. Age Verification The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers. I think vco chip cookbook are more stable than the TL in expo converters.
All images viewed in this live preview are for demo purposes only and are not included anywhere in the downloaded package or in the demo data import. The posts images and content excerpts come from a variety of sources. We mentioned them on the end of each post.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes a copyright infringement, please contact us now at george.olaru@pixelgrade.com and we will remove them immediately.
We aim to respect your choices and conduct our business in compliance with the requirements of the Personal Data Protection Act of 2012.
Your information is only collected for us to process registrations and to improve our services and the way we communicate with you.
The information Brettschneider’s Baking & Cooking School, Baker & Cook and Plank Sourdough Pizza collects depends on the type of products and services you purchase and use.
Brettschneider’s Baking & Cooking School, Baker & Cook and Plank Sourdough Pizza may use your information for the following:
Provide updates, offers, invitations to events and deliver advertising messages via email or your mailing address with your prior consent or if otherwise permitted under local laws and regulations
Brettschneider’s Baking & Cooking School, Baker & Cook and Plank Sourdough Pizza may share your information with:
Brettschneider’s Baking & Cooking School, Baker & Cook and Plank Sourdough Pizza promise to secure and protect your information by:
Brettschneider’s Baking & Cooking School, Baker & Cook and Plank Sourdough Pizza are committed to comply with the Do Not Call (DNC) provisions.
Should you have any feedback or enquiries relating to your personal data or how Brettschneider’s Baking & Cooking School, Baker & Cook or Plank Sourdough Pizza may communicate with you, or if you wish to stop receiving our messages, please contact us at the following email address: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Terms and Conditions | Data Protection and Privacy Policy | Shipping Policy | Frequently Asked Questions
Bellevue Library is open with limited access to the collection and study rooms. Read more about impacted services.
New Sunday hours at Bellevue, Bothell, Federal Way, Redmond, Shoreline, and Tukwila libraries: read more about this change.
​My Account, databases, and eBooks may temporarily be unavailable on Sunday, September 16 from 2-5 am during scheduled maintenance.
Terms of Use, opens a new window Privacy Statement, opens a new window Accessibility Statement, opens a new window © 2018 King County Library System
TiP – Thinking in Practice – has a wonderful new website! Launched this week Issue 15 of TiP features world renowned architect Daniel Libeskind, Head of Central Saint Martins College of Arts & Design Jeremy Till, artist Jason Martin, futurists and educators Unknown Fields Division and archaeologist Peter Bellwood.
Appearing to defy gravity itself, CCTV, the headquarters of China Central Television in Beijing, China, has become an instant icon on the skyline it now dominates, as well as on the world stage. A seminal collaboration between Balmond and Rem Koolhaas, CCTV breaks the mould of a conventional ‘skyscraper’. Formed by two leaning towers that are bent 90° at the top and bottom, the building creates a continuous tube. Rather than chasing height, it captures ingenuity and innovation.
&ldquo;JICMP - JICMPv6 master&rdquo; all builds RSS feed Feed for all builds or just the failed builds.
Level up your DevOps kung fu with Bamboo, the Continuous Delivery tool for Jira teams. (Free open source license for OpenNMS)
Victoria continues her golfing successes with victories in the Ulster Women’s Open Golf Championship to win the Ulster Scratch Cup and also the Teddy Morrison Silver Salver for having the lowest 36 hole qualifying score.
Josh played in the victorious Northern Ireland team in the Milk Cup Elite Final in which he was Man of the Match scoring one goal and being fouled in the penalty box to create a penalty scoring opportunity for his fellow striker Billy Kee. Billy scored from the spot.
Kurtis played in the Milk Cup for Co. Down. The picture shows Kurtis after he scored the third goal for Co Down against Trudovye Rezervy
Laminate surfaces are famous for easy care, and are highly resistant to stains and wear and tear. Whatever pattern and color you choose, there's a laminate surface that will fit your decor at a price you can afford.
For the budget-conscious buyer, laminate surfaces offer an attractive, low-maintenance, affordable alternative to stone and solid surfaces without sacrificing style and appearance. Today, laminate surfacing is second-to-none with amazing earthtone colors, textures and patterns that are warm to the touch and feature the widest array of choices of any surfacing material.
With laminate surfacing from Bangor Wholesale Laminates you don't have to choose between beauty and price. Modern techniques allow for a very convincing replication of natural stone. You can even have an ogee edge! Where other surfaces often have long lead times, orders placed from our stock selection of laminate can be ready in days. If your tastes lean toward a highly unique appearance, laminate surfaces offer the broadest selection of colors and patterns of any surface type.
Laminate surfacing from Bangor Wholesale Laminates bring everything together in one seamless offering – from the slab-like core, to the naturally beautiful surface, to the premium edge profiles.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 May 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 April 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 January 2010
Note:If you think there are any discrepancies in this information please let us know(info@easywaytech.com)
we will verify the information and make necessary changes. Please include all the details of the bank when contacting us.
Average waiting time: (0 + 24 + 27)/3 = 17 FCFS Scheduling (Cont) Suppose that the processes arrive in the order
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. Gotoxxxtube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Why is my not working where to buy d walgreens brand children's children's substitute, name generic medicine while pregnant 5mg side effects d for ear pain d walmart brand motion sickness, d eustachian tube dysfunction. Zyrtec for children dosage. Taking benadryl and at the same time is there a prescription strength, generic for at walgreens claritin together vs claritin active ingredients can you take maxalt with for allegra y donatella versace biography dosage alcohol liver and depression-d stomach pain ibuprofen. Zyrtec logo dissolve tabs claritin or for eczemaset 10mg posologie smell urine, birth defects caused by with benadryl rhb allegra msts it safe to take and ibuprofen together zoloft and drug interactions, 5mg chewable tablets, steroid. How often can i buy zyrtec d. Can you take year round how often can i buy d, einnahmedauer citalopram interaction allegra vs pollen, d coupons 2012 generic name for children's, xopenex and generic at target, azithromycin and alergie na slunce.
Phuong Tran May this light shine on forever as brightly as her light shines in my heart. Maudie May this light shine for all to see what a unselfish guide you have been in my life and the others you have touched.
On a cherry picker, shipyard worker Dario Pena does grinding work on the bow of a container ship before it is painted in a dry dock at the Kvaerner Philadelphia Shipyard on March 16, 2005.
4216 Rose St. Super Investment Property!!!!! Duplex each side has 2 Bedrooms, 1 Bath, Eat-in Kitchen, Living Room and Laundry Area. A great rental property. Live in one side and rent the other to make your payment. Don't let this one pass you by!!!! Asking Only $84,900
© 2018 Coldwell Banker McMahan. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® and the Coldwell Banker Logo are registered service marks owned by Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. Coldwell Banker McMahan fuly supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
Equal housing opportunity. An equal opportunity company. Each office independently owned and operated.
On Saturday 17th May 2018 a team made up of Past Master Bruce Cope, Liveryman David Ellis, Liveryman Andrew Last and Liveryman Robert Stone competed in the 2018 Prince Arthur Cup and won first place, for the first time ever, … read more
What a great day we had! The Barbers’ Cutter, along with a flotilla of cutters, many with grand regalia of different livery companies, escorted the Gloriana to Tower Bridge. The Tudor Pull involves a gift called a Stela (pronounced Steeler) … read more
Saturday saw the Barbers Cutter Crew competing again, this time in time trials organised by our affiliated club, the Richmond Bridge Boat Club (RBBC). The original idea was that crews would purely race against the clock, with one or maybe … read more
Group Captain Paul Cole OBE RAF and Dr Amy Kingston were welcomed into the Livery before a dinner where the Principal Guest and Speaker was Rear Admiral John Lippiett CB CBE DL.… read more
On a very cold Saturday in March the Company’s Cutter was rededicated in a short ceremony at Richmond Bridge by the Company’s Honorary Chaplain, the Reverend Katharine Rumens. The Master and Mistress joined a chilly group of Barbers, largely those … read more
Bralie's Sports Bar is a sports bar. This drink special is listed for November 18, 2018 and is offered all day. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
Bralie's Sports Bar is a sports bar. This drink special is listed for November 25, 2018 and is offered all day. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
planetbarfly.com is an online community that helps you find drink specials at your favorite local bars & restaurants!
Know of any drinks or restaurants that we might have missed? If you see something inaccurate or outdated, send us an email. Thanks!
All trademarks on this page are owned by their respective owners. BARFLYDURHAM.COM & PLANETBARFLY.COM are properties of Matthew A. McGuigan. All content ©2008-2018 Matthew A. McGuigan unless otherwise noted.
Live music events booked at BAR NINE. If you would like to book your band, please see the 'BOOKINGS' tab.
Welcome! To bring you the best content on our sites and applications, we partner with third party advertisers to serve digital ads, including personalised digital ads. Those advertisers use tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on our sites and applications and across the Internet and your other apps and devices.
You always have the choice to experience our sites without personalised advertising based on your web browsing activity by visiting the DAA's Consumer Choice page, the NAI's website, and/or the EU online choices page, from each of your browsers or devices. To avoid personalised advertising based on your mobile app activity, you can install the DAA's AppChoices app. You can find much more information about your privacy choices in our privacy policy. Even if you choose not to have your activity tracked by third parties for advertising services, you will still see non-personalised ads on our site.
By clicking continue below and using our sites or applications, you agree that we and our third party advertisers can:
process and share your personal data to serve you with personalised ads, subject to your choices as described above and in our privacy policy.
Cucumber is usually eaten raw, but its delicate and distinctive flavour is very good in hot vegetable dishes, too.
The email addresses you entered will not be stored and will be used only to send this email. Privacy Policies
Pour the vegetable stock into a saucepan and season lightly with salt, taking care not to add too much as the stock will later be boiled and reduced.
Meanwhile, peel the cucumbers, cut them in half lengthways, remove the seeds with a teaspoon and cut the flesh into thick slices. Add the cucumbers and shredded basil to the onions and cook for 10 minutes, or until the cucumbers are just cooked through. Be careful not to overcook.
Drain the cucumbers and onions, reserving the stock, and put the vegetables in a serving dish. Keep warm. Boil the reserved stock rapidly until it is reduced to about 3 tablespoons. Stir in the butter and heat gently. Spoon this sauce over the cucumbers and onions, garnish with a sprig of basil and serve.
Your plastic is always welcome here. 💳 💵 All major credit cards accepted & secure payments via PayPal.
All of our items are inspected carefully by expert authenticators and come with a full, lifetime, money back guarantee regarding authenticity.
PLEASE NOTE: To check availablity of your selection, text us at (956) 616-8629 with the SKU of the product, during our working hours, and just before ordering through the “ADD TO CART” button below. Thanks!
If the “ADD TO CART” button does not appear under the price means this item is not available anymore.
Get all the bliss you deserve from AllYOURbliss. Sign up (in one click) for monthly news, coupons and special offers in your inbox!
Sell Your Bags on Consignment... Do you have designer shoes, handbags or sunglasses that you’re not using? Consign your old luxury items today...! • Email us at shop@allyourbliss.com • Call or Text (956) 616-8629
All Barrisol® sheets are labeled A+ ( highest rating ) in accordance with the statutory provisions on the quality of indoor air.
Join Barter Bucks Banc and obtain goods and services worldwide and profit from increased new business.
Note: Fees are due at the time of your transaction. Barter Bucks Banc processes fees the first day of each month.
Statements are emailed the first day if each month and posted on our website (see bottom left corner, Transaction History).
Please e-mail us with any questions or if you’d like to talk to a real live person before you sign-up, please call the office at 925-672-9598.
All transactions will be at the regular retail price. Taxes and mailing fees (if applicable), are to be paid in cash by the buyer to the seller by credit card.
Membership may be cancelled at any time with written notice. If transactions are pending, these transactions must be completed before cancellation is final. Members must have a positive account balance prior to cancelling.
3. Pour vinaigrette over kale and give it a really good massage. The idea here is to massage the dressing into the leaves and break down the leaves a bit. This step is crucial.
This pâté is my daily staple—it’s delicious, versatile, and filling. Not Tuna Pâté is the perfect addition to turn a salad into a main dish. You may wish to make a larger batch, since it will keep for five days.
measuring cups, measuring spoons, citrus juicer or reamer, food processor, rubber spatula, small bowl
Put the sunflower seeds, almonds, water, lemon juice, and salt in a food processor fitted with the S blade and process into a paste, stopping occasionally to scrape down the work bowl with a rubber spatula. Transfer to a small bowl and stir in the celery, onion, and parsley until well combined. Stored in a sealed container in the refrigerator, Not Tuna Pâté will keep for 5 days.
Not Salmon Pâté: Add 1/4 cup of shredded carrot to the food processor along with the sunflower seeds, almonds, water, lemon juice, and salt. Replace the parsley with 1 tablespoon of minced fresh dill or 1 teaspoon of dried dill weed.
This is a great recipe and it is a great twist on something you can make and bring some fresh tastes of spring into your next party or dinner. There is nothing like the taste of fresh sweet peas and they are loaded with vitamin C. So enjoy this recipe and continue to live & eat healthy!
Place the brussels sprouts in the food processor, fitted with the “S” blade and process until broken down into small pieces.
Should last approx. 3-4 days. After it sits in the fridge overnight, the outside will turn a little in color, just give it a stir and all is good.
Add the water lemon juice, dates, salt, onion powder and garlic powder. Blend until creamy smooth. You shouldn’t detect any grit in the mayo. If you do, keep blending till it is creamy smooth when you run it between your thumb and finger. This can take 1-3 minutes, depending on the machine. Puree all ingredients, except oil, in food processor or blender and blend until smooth.
While continuing to blend and a vortex is created in the mixture, add oil in a steady stream, until emulsified.
Place the almonds, sugar & salt in a food processor fitted with the S blade and process until finely ground. And the Cacao powder and process to incorporate. And the coconut oil and process until the mixture begins to stick together. Don’t over process. Roughly chop Macs. Roughly Process Raisins in food processor to break them down a little. Then mix into batter so you have chunks of nuts to bite into. (You may need to add another 1/4 tsp. salt to taste) Make into round Cookie Balls!!
Stored in a sealed container! Will keep for 1 month in the refrigerator or for 3 months in the freezer.
This recipe is so delicious you may want to double it like I do as you will be sharing it with all your friends!!
We specialize in natural alternatives for our clients who are dealing with back, abdominal , neck and head pain. If you face a loss of energy we have natural solutions which can bring you back to the energy level you use to have.
HealthOasis4 Watch this amazing story of Danielle who was in top shape, yet in great discomfort and fatigued. http://t.co/j5k4xquydy #Health
The information in this website is for educational, advocacy purposes only. It is not intended to diagnose or treat any medical or psychological conditions.
Please consult your own health care provider for individual advice regarding your specific situation and needs.
We offer both exterior and interior basement waterproofing. Our exterior and interior basement waterproofing services are: exterior excavation and basement waterproofing, window well and drain repair, french drain, and inside weeping tile drainage system installation
We repair concrete cracks using epoxy and polyurethane. Examples of repairs are honeycombs, snap tie and rod holes, beam pockets, and hydro panel and conduits.
With over 30 years experience, we have more experience then most basement waterproofing companies around.
I had a crack in the foundation of my basement wall and had AquaSeal repair it. They were extremely timely and the service guy was knowledgeable. I was unfamiliar with epoxy injections; however, he took the time to explain the process. He was efficient, professional and courteous. The post-job clean-up was excellent. Since the crack has been repaired, I have had no issues with it. I would strongly recommend AquaSeal to anyone based on their excellent service and repair. I would use them again. I especially like that their work is under warranty which gives me peace of mind!read more
I called around and talked to 4 other local companies and found that they had the best warranty (25 years transferable) for repairing a water leak in a basement foundation. Pierre was very upfront and knowledgeable answering all my questions when I first contacted them and while repairing the crack in the wall explained the whole process and why it is done. An appointment was made in a timely manner and the job took approx. 2 hours.read more
I had a leak in the foundation wall of my basement. The outside of the wall is under a sun room so a repair from the exterior was not an option. Pierre came and brought his son with him, they both worked hard, diligently and in a timely manner. I could not fault both of their efforts on the day one bit. They located the source of the leak and proceeded with an injection wall treatment until the leak had fully stopped. They cleaned up after themselves and headed off to the next job. I would definitely recommend Aquaseal and wouldn't hesitate to use them again should I ever need to.read more
PaulT in New Castle Ontario. I had a crack in my basement wall and I tried fixing it with Hydraulic cement. Unfortunately, I had no luck and was just wasting my time. I called Aquaseal and they were there in 3 hours and the problem was fixed in a couple of hours with epoxy. They were very professional and left the basement neat and tidy. They were careful to explain how to deal with the Epoxy odours which mostly went away in about 5 hours. I should have called them first and I thought the price was reasonable.read more
We had exterior excavating & waterproofing done on the west side of our home and were very pleased with Pierre and his crew. Communication was great and the quick turnaround time was fantastic. Would highly recommend!read more
The service men explained the process well, worked very efficiently and cleaned up well. The life time guarantee sold me, since my neighbour had work done and their process failed. I have had 4 years of dry while my sump pump runs when the ground get wet. Will call them back if necessary.read more
Our basement foundation wall had a crack in it. We called and were quick to respond. They came a couple days later and fixed the crack. They left the property tidy and were also very professional. Thanks Pierre.read more
Brooklin, Ontario I was in the middle of a home inspection when I called Aquaseal at the recommendation of my real estate agent. The home inspector found a crack in the foundation and recommended we call an expert. Pierre came to the house within 30 minutes. He immediately put my mind at ease and confirmed it was not structural and could be fixed by him and his team. He continued to inspect the rest of the foundation and offered to fix another issue- both would come with a 25-year warranty. Pierre was professional, accurate and a really great guy. He has over 20 years’ experience and I totally trust his expertise. I have already recommended him to my brother and my parents. Thanks to Pierre and Aquaseal!read more
Copyright @ 2008 Aquaseal Basement Waterproofing Contractors / Foundation Concrete Crack Repair, All Rights Reserved-Reproduction of this site in parts or in its entirety without written consent prohibited. Note also all registered trademarks and copyright laws. We provide basement waterproofing solutions and are leading basement waterproofing contractors providing wet leaky basement waterproofing proven solutions in Southern Ontario.
Aquaseal is committed to respecting the privacy of individuals and recognizes a need for the appropriate management and protection of any personal information that you agree to provide to us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfil your request.
This “Great Gatsby” style feather fascinator is $84.95 on Etsy. Not all ladies in the 1920’s cut their hair short, at least not in the early 20’s. So if you have long hair, you can still tuck it under and add this accessory to give you an era-appropriate ‘do.
"Party Girl" Pearl has arrived in the SF Bay Area, harvested from a virgin oyster where she had been cultured since the early 1910's. She began throwing elaborate costume parties in the 1920's on land, and by the early 2000's had become a part of the emerging electronic dance music scene. Today, Pearl blends these worlds with burlesque and the circus arts and creates immersive experiences for party-goers while supporting causes like women’s empowerment and water conservation.
Trustees at Alabama State University in Montgomery have decided to hold a hearing that could result in the removal of president Gwendolyn Boyd.
The decision came during a board meeting held Monday. Boyd was suspended from work 10 days ago, and the hearing set for Dec. 16 will determine the next step.
Board members complained that they can’t get information from Boyd. They mentioned a laundry list of issues on campus including prisoners being allowed to clean dorm rooms.
Trustees hired Boyd as Alabama State’s first female president three years ago. She received a $300,000-a-year contract, and board members gave her a three-year extension last year.
Hearing set on future of Gwendolyn Boyd as ASU President https://t.co/ikSpqxmpee #ALPolitics#ALToday
RT @AlabamaToday: Hearing set on future of Gwendolyn Boyd as ASU President https://t.co/GCbmXRI3xz #ALPolitics
Alabama Today will be the first place Alabamians of influence go for an inside look at breaking statewide, political and business news.
Led by Apryl Marie Fogel, a political activist with over a decade of experience, the Alabama Today team includes freelance news reporters, as well as guest columnists from around the state.
According to Fogel: "My biggest goal for Alabama Today is to provide up to the minute information that will influence the direction of our state. Alabama Today is a platform unlike any other in the state, where news is news and opinion is opinion. I'm excited to focus on two subject areas that I am passionate and dedicated to -- political news and opinions and recognizing and growing influential women."
Alabama Today is also the host of Context Alabama where voices of experience and influence statewide will regularly be published. Featuring Alabama's leading political consultants, grassroots leaders and influencers Context Alabama will provide commentary on the hottest topics.
Proudly hosted by theCrag.com View original page All content is maintained by climbers like you , Thanks!
Quincy Jones (b. 1933) is one of the most prolific composers, arrangers, bandleaders, producers, and humanitarians in American music history and the recording and film industries. Among pop music fans he is perhaps most famous for producing Michael Jackson's album, Thriller. Clarence Bernard Henry focuses on the life, music, career, and legacy of Jones within the social, cultural, historical, and artistic context of American, African American, popular, and world music traditions. Jones's career has spanned over sixty years, generating a substantial body of work with over five hundred compositions and arrangements.
The author focuses on this material as well as many of Jones's accomplishments: performing as a young trumpeter in the bands of Lionel Hampton and Dizzy Gillespie, becoming the first African American to hold an executive position in the competitive white-owned recording industry, breaking racial barriers as a composer in the Hollywood film and television industries, producing the best-selling album of all time, and receiving numerous Grammy Awards. The author also discusses many of Jones's compositions, arrangements, and recordings and his compositional study in France with legendary teacher Nadia Boulanger.
In addition, details are provided about Jones's distinct ability as one of the most innovative composers and arrangers who incorporates many different styles of music, techniques, and creative ideas in his compositions, arrangements, and film scores. He collaborated with an array of musicians and groups such as Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington, Miles Davis, Ella Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaughan, Frank Sinatra, Clifford Brown, Ray Charles, Michael Jackson, USA for Africa, and many others. Clarence Bernard Henry shows how Jones has, throughout his career, wholeheartedly embraced philosophies of globalization and cultural diversity in his body of work, collaborations, humanitarian projects, and musical creativity.
All Participating SchoolsColumbia CollegeGeneral StudiesGraduate School of Arts and SciencesArchitecture, Planning and PreservationLawMailman School of Public HealthEngineeringSchool of International and Public AffairsSocial WorkTeachers College
Individual images, audio and video clips, written texts, etc, contained in this gallery may have their own copyright. The original creator of these works maintains any copyright. If you feel that any content is in violation of copyright, please contact me. Use of any of the files in this gallery without prior permission of copyright holder is strictly prohibited.
term life insurance quotes term life insurance companies term life insurance whole life insurance rates
christian share insurance health insurance plans 2018 long term health insurance plans health insurance plans
Home » Corner Bathroom Vanity, maximizing your needs in one space » Corner bathroom vanity Photo – 4
We deliver free Forex Signals and Alerts from the most powerful and profitable Forex trading strategy by email and SMS.
How to Build a Trading Strategy. is when we will actually be trading the strategy that we are creating. When is the Best Time to Trade Forex.Forex Trading Strategy. forex trading system which makes profitable.Best Forex Trading Strategy. Reward ratio so that you only need to win 20 or 30 percent of your trades to be profitable. Best Forex Trading Strategies Book.
On this page you will find my hand picked list of the top rated and profitable forex trading strategies, forex.What Forex Currency Pairs Are Best To Trade and What. may have about which currency pairs to trade and. and master one forex trading strategy at.We provide 100% profitable forex signals with guaranteed, Forex trading profit signal, Best forex profit signals,Forex trading signals.Forex Trading Strategies and More: The Best of NoBrainerTrades.com. You are here:.
Clients must be at least 18 years old to use the services of Tickmill Ltd. To utilize a profitable forex signals,. thanks to our discipline and consistency in trading strategy. Get The Best Forex Trading Signals. Join Now and get the best forex strategy for your day trading to get more profit.Forex Profitable Strategy For. trend this system works best on trending market and it.
To connect with Forex Trading - Best Forex Profitable Strategies, sign up for Facebook today. Free profitable forex trading strategy. more accurate forex trading signals.Review currency trading stratistics from the top 100 most profitable and least profitable FX traders on OANDA.
Profitable Average True Range Forex. to use MT4 buttons on top of your trading. 13 forex scalping trading strategy is a scalping technique that.
Forex Trading Strategies and Best Practices. Overview. The idea of listing your strategies or trading guidelines,.Learn about the best forex strategies. The Best Forex Trading Strategies. number of investors due to its high profit potential and currently records a daily. Choose any strategy convenient for you and start trading right now.
Forex trading cannot be consistently profitable without adhering to some Forex strategy.But as long as I stick to my trading plan, you will be profitable in the.Forex Trading Strategies And. so let me share you with you some of my most profitable forex trading strategies.
Sign up for our Newsletter and be the first one to find out about our new themes, and get some awesome discount coupons.
The performance is created basing on paintings of a watercolour master Benjaminas Jenčius. The creative team has tried to look at art not visually but though states of mind. Benjaminas’ works, which are full of penetrating premonitions, balance between stillness and a frenzied storm. During the performance, the actors look for an intangible substance which is able to melt all fears, complexes and pain, and the souls pulsate by the same rhythm if only for a moment.
It is a performance according to a short story by Upton Sinclair The Jungle written in1906. The life of the emigrant families who work in Chicago slaughterhouses at the beginning of the twentieth century is shown as a completely unique environment – a closed, intimidated community forced to unconditionally obey their employers and managers — boiled with passion and vileness.
The main character Jurgis Rutkus works in the slaughterhouse, where, according to the author, only pig squeal is not used. He clings to life and puts on the market all his values in order to create a “good” life for his family.
The action takes place in Dubingiai, at the Radzwill family manor, where Barbara Radziwill, after her Secret wedding to Sigismund Augustus (1547), lived for half a year in suspense and loneliness under guidance of a doctor-butler Stanislaw Davaina and her brother Radziwill Brown. In 1548, after the death of Sigismund the Old, Barbara was invited to Vilnius and presented to the Lithuanian aristocracy as a legitimate wife of Sigismund Augustus and Queen of Lithuania and Poland.
The Coco Secret is a performance about the legendary celebrity of the fashion world Coco Chanel. She was a provocative personality who did not reconcile with the routine life. Helped by her talent and wisdom, she rose from the abyss of poverty to the World of Elite, created most extraordinary stories about herself and became widely known for her “flying expressions” which are still used by us…
The artists and nearly a hundred actors possessing a peculiar way of thinking create a unique musical street theatre play expressing experience and beliefs accumulated in mythology and folklore throughout centuries. The story and its atmosphere are created with help of dynamics of fire and water, masks, live music, body plastic, a water screen, lasers and fireworks. The creators’ goal is to present an exciting and impressive performance of an outdoor theatre through a combination of poetic and visual language.
JavaScript is currently disabled in your browser. To get the full benefits of the site you must have JavaScript enabled.
ii. Loading: 6 (No) loading bays with Jetty with capacity to hold 30,000 tons dead weight and K1 clarification.
Genuine buyer that ready to work with RWA/BILL OF EXCHANGE and non-negotiable procedure for CIF direct terminal loading TO CHINA, EUROPE & ANY SAFE PORT IN THE WORLD and loaded vessel only en-route to china.
Flannery O’Connor’s personal prayer journal was published in 2013. I do tend to feel uncomfortable with the exposure of personal writings but then I also feel ravenous for new words from favorite authors, so I nearly always read them.
A Prayer Journal is a prolonged plea for closeness to God, humble acceptance of her gifts (even if they must be mediocre), and for the literary excellence O’Connor craves. She is impatient with her own weakness and wary of pretense and ego. Often her prayers simply ask for the ability to want what she knows she should but the overriding theme is the twin desires to become both a saint and a genius.
The books two weaknesses are it’s brevity and it’s clearly private nature. Her creative spelling and casual punctuation could be a distraction but only if you lose sight of the intelligence and clarity of her thought.
“Dear God, I don’t want to have invented my faith to satisfy my weakness. I don’t want to have created God to my own image as they’re so fond of saying. Please give me the necessary grace, oh Lord, and please don’t let it be as hard to get as Kafka made it.”
“no one can be an atheist who does not know all things. Only God is an atheist. The devil is the greatest believer and he has his reasons.”
“Virtue must be the only vigorous thing in our lives. Sin is large and stale. You can never finish easting it nor ever digest it. It has to be vomited.”
Every year since 2006 I have kept a list of the books I read each year. An interview I did in 2006, in which I claimed to read over 100 books a year (much to my interviewer’s disbelief), prompted me to start keeping track. In 2008 I engaged in a 200 book challenge (and read 201 books), but otherwise I have merely kept track of my “natural” reading progress. I write titles and authors into a journal in the order I read them and “star” new-to-me books (ratings are out of a possible five). Books without stars are re-reads and obviously rate high if I am returning to them. Amazon Affiliate Links for recommended books.
Pride and Prejudice – Jane Austen (Another annual re-read. A demonstration of the necessity of mutual respect and friendship in marriage.)
American Nations – Colin Woodard **** (A fascinating alternate view of American history that privileges understanding the differences in American culture rather than the commonalities. I found it enlightening.)
Scipio Africanus – B.H. Liddel Hart **** (A history of the greatest general the world has ever seen – according to Liddel Hart who is a noted expert.)
The Aeneid – Virgil (One of the greatest of the greats of Western Civilization and a book I’m privileged to teach.)
African American Religion (Very Short Introductions) – Eddie S. Glude Jr. **** (This was the first Very Short Introduction that I read. This series from Oxford is absolutely fantastic and includes over 500 volumes. The six I’ve read were each intriguing in their own way. Those about things with which I am unfamiliar have stimulated my interest. Those about things with with I am familiar have shown themselves to be original and reliable.)
Fierce Wars and Faithful Loves – Roy Maynard **** (This is a nicely annotated edition of the first book of Spencer’s Faerie Queene. Occasionally the annotator is a little to full of his own cleverness.)
Innumeracy – John Allen Paulos **** (Ought to be required reading for Elementary Educators for its urgent call for teaching mathematic literacy to young people.)
The Three Body Problem – Cixin Liu *** (Worth reading if you like your science fiction to be physics-y and odd.)
Meditations – Marcus Aurelius (The Philosopher-Emperor’s reminders to himself. Again, Stoic Philosophy is a helpful antidote to the modern world.)
You Are What You Love – James K.A. Smith ***** (Fantastic examination of how our unspoken, unconsidered habits shape us.)
Are Women Human – Dorothy Sayers (A witty and thoughtful examination of how women had been regarded and how they might be better understood.)
The Last Unicorn (Graphic Novel) – Peter S. Beagle **** (I couldn’t find the graphic novel to link, so this just goes to the paperback novel.)
The Shadow of the Torturer – Gene Wolfe (Re-reading The Book of the New Sun tetralogy for book club. Very challenging but very good.)
Ancient Philosophy (Very Short Introduction) – Julia Annas **** (Annas makes excellent use of her limited space and gives a very engaging intro to the major schools of ancient philosophical thought.)
The Physics of Superheroes – James Kakalios *** (What else do you read when you’re staying with your friend and her husband: the experimental physicist?)
Pride and Prejudice – Jane Austen (Yes. Again. I can’t help it. Austen is perfection, especially on cold winter nights.)
Total: 102 books read, 63 new and 39 re-read. Of course, my to be read pile is still happily extensive.
“If any one faculty of our nature may be called more wonderful than the rest, I do think it is memory. There seems something more speakingly incomprehensible in the powers, the failures, the inequalities of memory, than in any other of our intelligences. The memory is sometimes so retentive, so serviceable, so obedient; at others, so bewildered and so weak; and at others again, so tyrannic, so beyond control! We are, to be sure, a miracle every way; but our powers of recollecting and of forgetting do seem peculiarly past finding out.”
“I should have thought,’ said Fanny after a pause of recollection and exertion, ‘that every woman must have felt the possibility of a man’s not being approved, not being loved by someone of her sex, at least, let him be ever so generally agreeable. Let him have all the perfections in the world, I think it ought not to be set down as certain, that a man must be acceptable to every woman he may happen to like himself.”
Fanny Price is often accused of insipidity, and I do prefer a femininity less retiring, yet the power of seeing the truth so very clearly is perhaps most safely granted to a quiet character; Elizabeth Bennett benefits from being wrong on occasion.
I meant to submit this to Boise Weekly’s Fiction 101. I got busy and didn’t mail it in on time, so here it is.
The doctors claimed they had perfected the process. Jason was the first approved to undergo it. After careful analysis of his bloodwork and brain scans they customized the Personality Correction Serum and injected it at an early morning appointment.
It really almost worked. The despair was gone. His extreme sensitivity dulled just enough. But his face altered beyond recognition. His mother could see the problem the moment she walked into the recovery room.
The doctors should have known how the personality change would change everything. Jason was gone behind his dead eyes. Unknown and unknowable he faded away, starved, and disappeared.
Genesis 2:15 Then the LORD God took the man and put him into the garden of Eden to cultivate it and (keep, maintain, serve) it.
It is interesting in life how often we get things out of order. The cart before the horse is more than a cliched expression, it is our very way of life. In many things we want the consequences or the outcomes of an action to instead be the prompt for that action. This is often simply because we are deeply confused about how God made the world.
One such confusion is the relationship between love and service. If we are thinking about serving at all, we are thinking about serving someone or something that we love, or like, or at least find tolerable. We love children, or babies, or our grandparents and so we are willing to babysit or to teach the Sunday School class or to go and mow Grandma’s lawn. We have a passion for reading so we volunteer at the library. We love the outdoors so we build trails in the foothills. And while there is nothing wrong with any of the forms of service or with the motivation for this kind of service we miss something deeply important about how God made our minds and our hearts if we stop here.
I am a neat and tidy person. I love order, cleanliness, and peace. I am very sensitive to strong smells and rough textures. Yes, I am fussy and fastidious. Four years ago my sons began begging my husband and I to get them a dog. Naturally, I was opposed to the entire idea. Dogs smell. They track in mud and leaves. THEY SHED. But…I love my sons excessively. So, when the opportunity came up to give an unwanted puppy a home I said a cautious “yes” and took the boys to pick up Rudy. Alex and Luc were 5 and 4 and were not quite old enough to take full responsibility for a dog. My husband is a busy, busy man. Every day I fed Rudy. I filled his water bowl. I took him to the park to play. Frequently I bathed him – if you have a dog, you know what an undertaking this can be especially when your dog is a hundred pounds of bath-hating fuzzball.
You might think this is about how much I love my boys – and I really do love them – but no this is about how much I came to love Rudy. Rudy smells like a dog. His dog food smells bad to my sensitive nose. He sheds long dark hair EVERYWHERE. If he isn’t getting pet enough (and there is never “enough”) he puts is rough paws up on my lap and scratches me, nosing his face under my hand until I finally begin to pet him. But a few months into owning him I discovered one day that I loved him. It was entirely unreasonable. He’s cute in a doggy sort of way, but I’m not really susceptible to that kind of thing. I’ve met many a cute puppy who left my heart entirely unmoved. I still hate the hair. My nose is definitely still assaulted by the smells. But I love the fluffy mutt anyway. I want him to be healthy. I want him to be happy. The very definition of love is caring for the well-being of the beloved and by that definition as well as by my emotional state, it is clear that I love Rudy.
By serving Rudy every day my heart turned from indifference to love. You’ve probably heard that “Love isn’t a feeling, it’s an act of your will” or “Love isn’t a noun, it’s a verb” or some other such expression that is trying to get at the idea that Love – True Love – Caritas – is about far more than just what your emotions happen to be doing at the moment. Love is an emotional response to someone or something but love requires activity. Love requires service. And just as surely, the natural fruit of service is then love.
The maternal bond is famously strong. A mother’s devotion to her children has been the subject of much art and literature. The bond is not very mysterious though. A mother spends nine months with her body serving her unborn child. Then she spends the next year being that child’s primary source of food and comfort. This daily service fuels her affection which fuels her service which again stimulates more love until the mother-child bond is so strong it comes as close as anything on earth can to being unbreakable
Kids and pets are all well and good and may be part of your life. But this means something more for you. What and who you love is much more under your control than you think. It is much more a matter of responsibility than it is of fate. You get to choose when and where and how you serve. You get to choose who and what you cultivate love for. You are not a passive recipient of emotions. You are an active cultivator of them. You are not being dictated to by your “heart”. You are daily dictating, by your actions, what your heart will feel. You are designed by God to serve and love and then love and serve.
Feeling irritable with an annoying sibling? Find a way to give them service and you will love them more and better.
Feeling indifferent toward your school, church, community? Find a way, large or small, to serve them daily and you will come to feel what you ought toward them: affection, devotion, enthusiasm.
Frustrated by a parent, a sibling, an administrator, a teacher, or a classmate? Give. Them. Service.
Your emotional state is not the boss of you. Your feelings, your attitude, your mood are not in charge. I remind my cross – country athletes that when they are in the last third of a race and their legs are screaming at them that they should walk: your body is not in charge – you are. And so I remind you: when you are grumpy, tired, indifferent your emotions are not in charge of you. Use your will, use your knowledge, and offer service to that which you should be loving. The feeling will follow. Put the horse before the cart.
James 1:27 Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.
Scripture makes it clear that we have a considerable number of responsibilities to serve. We are first and foremost to serve those who are most in need and least protected. In the ancient world the widow and the orphan were even more vulnerable than we might realize. With no husband or father to provide, women and children had few options. Certainly, we must serve actual widows and actual orphans, but let us remember to extend that service to any we find in need of service. The weakest, the most lost, the least lovely, the most reviled by our culture stand in greatest need. We stand against the evolutionary idea that our lives are about “survival of the fittest” and live instead as Christians lifting up the weakest, knowing we are designed by God to serve and ultimately to always and only be serving Him and not ourselves.
We teachers know a lot about teaching children. It is our profession after all. Most of us have thousands of hours of experience in the classroom, hundreds of hours of training, and are subject matter experts in our fields.
Still, we must avoid the temptation – common in my experience – to believe and act as though we always know better than parents how they should be raising our students.
And yes, in addition to our expertise we do spend many hours a day with our students. We see a lot of their behavior. We hear a lot of their words. We do very often have insight into problems, strengths, and strategies.
However, our language is too often loaded with the hubristic assumption that if parents would just listen to us, everything would so much better.
“Sam has way too much screen time. His attention would be so much better if only they would limit him. What could his parents be thinking?!”
What is this but frustration that we are not in charge of everything? Combined with a selfish desire to have everyone do and say and believe exactly what we think would make our lives easier?
I take practical and theological issue with this pattern. First, we don’t know nearly as much as we think we do. Parents have been with their kids every day for YEARS. We see them almost daily for almost a year. Our knowledge does not extend to being the expert on Jack or Sam or Evan or Sara. Many causes and effects are necessarily outside of our experience. We must keep this in mind when we are frustrated by some behavioral issue.
Second, this child is simply not ours. Assuming that a particular parent doesn’t happen to be a depraved monster, they are far more invested in their child’s well-being than we are. They will be in the child’s life forever, we are a passing stage. God has ordained this child to these parents and apart from truly destructive (as opposed to simply sub-optimal) parenting, they are the ones who will be dedicated to understanding what is truly best for this little person.
Teachers must treat their own expertise, their relationships with their students, and their advice to parents with great humility. If we have knowledge or insight it is to be placed at the service of parents and not hurled at their errors. Our frustrations with things that make our jobs more difficult must be understood as the temporal things they are. Sure, we can imagine a teaching utopia of perfectly behaved, perfectly intelligent, perfectly sweet robot students with perfectly wise, perfectly invested, perfectly balanced parents. But this means nothing. We teach actual flawed children, with actual flawed parents, and we are actual flawed teachers tempted to believe we are the only ones who are perfect.
I finally read the Francis Schaeffer classic. It has been on the “to-read” list for quite some time. Schaeffer is very highly regarded in some of the circles I travel in and I’d never read anything of his. Sadly, I’m a bit disappointed.
How Should We Then Live? is a whirlwind tour through Western History featuring frequent generalizations, authoritative pronouncements on the goodness or badness of things, and appeals to authority. While I agree with at least half of Dr. Schaeffer’s assessment, I can’t appreciate his book. Where I was looking for reasoned arguments and thoughtful insights I got appeals to authority, unargued conclusions, and simplistic summaries. I wouldn’t pass much of this writing in a freshman composition class because of the failure to properly support assertions.
Again, I do agree with many of his conclusion. However, I fear that much of his popularity comes from readers hearing what they already believe or hearing what they want to be true. He argues that Christianity is good for the world and Christians are likely to already think that or to want it to be true. In such a short book, how could an author give a fair description, much less a fair analysis, of all of Western art, philosophy, and science? Without questioning or even acknowledging his own presuppositions how could Dr. Schaeffer hope to give his readers a reasonable basis for further study? I fear that reading this kind of work would tend to leave the Christian reader complacent rather than challenged: complacent in the essential goodness of the Evangelical worldview and without any answer to the title question other than living with the assumption that Evangelicals have it right and the Secularists have it wrong and with no clear understanding of why or how and, thus, no way forward.
As former coffee shop owners my husband and I are a little snobbish about our coffee. We have used everything from a basic flat-bottom brewer to a French Press and even, on occasion, a Keurig. The French Press had become our preferred method, but it still left us with some dissatisfactions. We prefer a sweeter taste to our coffee, and really just wanted espresso most of the time. However, as we really wanted an expensive plumbed-in machine, we were out of luck.
At the recommendation of some casual acquaintances, we bought ourselves an Aeropress about six months ago. They praised the sweet taste of the very strong coffee it produced, the ease of use and clean up, and the portability of the set up. Because it only cost about 30 bucks we were happy to give it a go.
We really, really like it. It makes a delicious – nearly espresso – shot of strong coffee. You can make one serving in about 45 seconds. The device is incredibly simple and so it is easier to clean than your coffee cup. You can drink the strong coffee straight, add hot water to it for an “Americano”, add milk for a latte, or pour it over ice in the summer. The only downside is that it is not great for making large quantities of coffee quickly. If we were having 15 people over for breakfast we might run into trouble. Fortunately, that never happens!
You can heat the water you need on the stove or in the microwave, but we like to use a nice electric kettle with temperature pre-sets to get just-the-right-temp water for brewing. We also have a small burr-grinder for fresh espresso-ground coffee. We also have a unique situation where our pastor roasts us fresh coffee every week. Not everyone is quite as blessed as we are…
I have been hearing of Marie Kondo’s book and it’s overwhelming popularity for some time now. I wasn’t too interested in reading it because my home is not cluttered, I’m minimalist in everything except my library, and I am very happy with my life and house.
But I picked it up anyway. I had a gift card to spend at Barnes and Noble and along with a leather bound journal and some note cards it caught my eye.
I thoroughly enjoyed it. Apart from some cheesy personification of objects and a vague sort of spiritualism about them, her advice resonated deeply. She encourages owning only things you love (which has long been mostly my philosophy) and requires that everything have a place to be put away (which is also what I do). But what was most charming in her book was her encouragement to be grateful to your possessions for what the are doing or have done for you. For years I have dealt with feelings of restlessness and discontent by stopping and remembering to be grateful to God for all that I have in my life. I have found it easy to care for my home over the years, despite being an essentially lazy person, because I am so grateful to have this beautiful space and the peace and security I experience here.
But…my home is already minimally furnished. My wardrobe is already made up of only clothes I love. My shelves already filled with books that “spark joy” every time I hold them. But…the boys’ bedroom!
There is one place in the house that has always been cluttered, messy, and chaotic. I have frequently gone up there and cleaned and cleaned and cleaned. I have thrown stuff out, organized, dusted, vacuumed, and then three months later done it all over again. Marie Kondo emphasizes again and again that the process of decluttering is very important for her clients. They simply must make the decisions of what “sparks joy” as a way of training themselves to know their own desires. Her book gave me the idea of leading my sons through the process instead of trying to do it for them. How much better to teach them to care affectionately for their possessions by allowing them to choose what they love owning rather than telling them what they can and cannot keep?
And it seems to work. On Tuesday I spent about 3 hours with Alex and Luc in their bedroom. We took everything off the shelves and out of the drawers. We first went through their clothes and, other than their school uniforms, I had them choose what clothes they love to wear. We donated a bag full of their discards. Then they decided they wanted to keep two categories of toys (Star Wars toys and Dinosaurs) but put them away for a while, so we bagged them up to put in the attic. Next I had them choose what pencils, crayons, etc they wanted and we designated a drawer in each of their desks for the ones they kept and I threw the rest away. Likewise papers they had colored on were either thrown away or put into a designated drawer. Legos were picked up and a couple of shelves designated for their storage. Beds were made. And then we sorted through all the miscellaneous stuff. I gave them each a basket and asked them to put their “treasures” in them. Then we looked at all the stuff still on the floor and I asked them to go find every single thing they absolutely loved owning and we would find a place for it. When they said they were done we threw every other thing out. They then hesitated over a few items but I reminded them that they didn’t love owning it and so it wasn’t worth keeping. They both found that standard easy to identify and to hold to. Luc is more of a packrat and so he had more of those hesitating moments but we had no arguments and no grief over any of the process. In all of this “tidying” I didn’t buy a single organizer or tote or tub. In fact, I threw three out!
The strength of this process is in training the decision-making faculty. I am sure that I will need to remind and guide my sons further, but realizing that this was something I could teach them to do for themselves and not something I needed to continue doing for them was a nice breakthrough. We’re a few days in and their room is still clean (other than the blankets strung up around their beds making a fort – they are still kids). When I tell them to pick up, it only takes a few minutes both because they have much less stuff over all and because they know the place for everything. And not to oversell the “magic” of tidying, but with a tidy bedroom Alex and Luc have both been re-energized to work on some of their creative projects (making their own trading card game) and haven’t been having even less than their usual low-level of brotherly conflict.
Long ago, I worked at a certain ubiquitous coffee shop. I would rise ungodly early – 4:45am – and go make lattes. A major perk of working there, and there were many, was unlimited coffee drinks while you work. I would also often be able to have a day old pastry for breakfast. The Lemon Pound Cake was my favorite. This knock-off recipe appeared in my Facebook feed and I gave it a try. It is delicious. The icing came out a bit thin, so I would suggest adding a few more tablespoons of powdered sugar to thicken so it doesn’t run all over the plate. Or…you could just scrape the run-off up and eat it with a spoon. I’ll never tell.
Bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes or until a toothpick stuck into center of the cake comes out clean.
Only six copies left of my initial 100 copy book order. That means 94 of you saw fit to directly order from me for the sake of a personal autograph, or just so that I get a larger chunk of the haul. Ever so pleasing. Coming soon: hardcover edition. And ebook. And and and…
Cash surplus got you down? Looking to lighten your wallet burden with me reaping all the benefits? Click this button.
If you feel inspired to wait it out until the hardcover, the magic date is December 20th. That means I can’t promise it’ll land in your lap prior to this year’s scheduled global panic. You’ll also be able to buy the Kindle version this day, and thanks to science you’ll have many hours to peruse your purchase, salute your preferred deity, and take a nap. Should things proceed as predicted by people who shy away from reading, remember to arrange yourself in an orderly single file line with a single bag of personal artifacts. It’s unimportant where this line is going — what matters is that you’re in it. Should things proceed as (un)predicted, tune in to this website for consolation prizes, or locate another doomsday more likely to reveal the desired outcome or exit strategy. This isn’t a test. Maybe consider it a new year anyway, just because you can, and abandon every soul sucking enterprise or entity intruding upon your personal happiness. This requires bravery, a good sense of humor, and frequently decisions other people call crazy. This word is sometimes a signal that you’re on the right track. Consider the accuser carefully. You are loved.
mmmmm i want to eat you through those sexy white panties tonjguing your delicious ass and lapping up yopur hot delicious juices - where you based i am on the next train to shower you
AUTHOR: JIM CARROLL, CHAIRMAN, BBH LONDON ‘Turning and turning in the widening gyre The falcon cannot hear the falconer; Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold; Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world.’ The Second Coming – WB Yeats For as long as I can remember things have been falling apart. Fragmenting, segmenting, empowering. Devolving, diffusing, decoupling. Subdividing, subcontracting, subbranding. Ever more channels,...
BBNova as driven by Kevin Parent set a world record in Nostalgia Pro Street with an incredible 7.35 second ¼ mile pass!
Team BBNova will be switching over to 10.5 racing this coming 2011 season. Making use of the Dart 520 inch enigne and 2 systems, we will be competing at Milan in their Friday night heads-up series. We will aslo be making a few other events including the John Holt Race Cars
NOS Shootout Series in Columbus ohio and Kelly Leslie's Unlimited Outlaws series. I am very excited about this new challange. Backed by companies including Dart, Hutch trans service, Prosystems, NOS nitrous systems, Mickey Thompson, and Diamond pistons, our team is sure to make a few final rounds. Look for us at one of these events.
discount online shopping sites shopping discount deal | shopping online cheap shopping online reddit
I do not like the security of this apps. By default any one in my home can just open it up and start buying things on my account. I would like it to just add things to my cart on the TV and them buy on "My" Computer or "My" phone. I know you can setup a PIN for "videos, purchasing and certain types of content".But, you then need to enter the PIN for $0 videos. Also, anybody with access to the Fire TV remote can just install the apps and start buying things, no pin, no password, just because you have a Fire TV setup on your account. Amazon you need to have a separate PIN for Buying videos, parental control (ratings), Apps and Shopping. And by default the app should setup a PIN.
Shop the latest fashion online at H&M and discover new favourites in women’s clothing. Find everything from casual day dresses to sharp office wear. We have jeans in every fit, premium quality items and the latest fashion essentials. Check out our Conscious collection made out of more sustainable materials, we bring you women’s fashion in a more sustainable way
Our jam-packed As Seen on TV web store is an excellent destination for anyone looking for all-time infomercial classics — Flex Seal, Topsy Turvy, Tac Glasses, Rocky Mountain Tumbler, Power Air Fryer and much more — as well as unique and novel products that you didn’t even know you needed! Some of our most popular items in this category are As Seen on TV car products that make cleaning and driving your car all the more enjoyable. Here you’ll also find personal care items, organizational accessories and extras designed to simplify cooking, cleaning, grilling and general living.
Stop searching for the perfect gift! Give Amazon Prime for only $33 for three months! Your gift recipient will get everything that comes with Prime, including unlimited 2-day shipping, exclusive coupon codes, cloud storage, unlimited Amazon Video streaming, free Kindle e-books, access to special sales and discounts, and so much more! It's the best gift around, so start giving today!
Vince Offer is a famous director, comedian, and commercial pitchman who made his name promoting the ShamWow. Using his natural charisma and his ability to add double entendres to his pitches, Vince turned the commercial into a major career move. The ShamWow itself is one of the most successful cleaning products on the market today, and Vince himself has gone on to pitch several other As Seen on TV products.
In 2014, Amazon expanded its lobbying practices as it prepared to lobby the Federal Aviation Administration to approve its drone delivery program, hiring the Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld lobbying firm in June.[210] Amazon and its lobbyists have visited with Federal Aviation Administration officials and aviation committees in Washington, D.C. to explain its plans to deliver packages.[211]
While Amazon has publicly opposed secret government surveillance, as revealed by Freedom of Information Act requests it has supplied facial recognition support to law enforcement in the form of the "Rekognition" technology and consulting services. Initial testing included the city of Orlando, Florida, and Washington County, Oregon. Amazon offered to connect Washington County with other Amazon government customers interested in Rekognition and a body camera manufacturer. These ventures are opposed by a coalition of civil rights groups with concern that they could lead to expansion of surveillance and be prone to abuse. Specifically, it could automate the identification and tracking of anyone, particularly in the context of potential police body camera integration.[204][205][206] Due to the backlash, the city of Orlando has publicly stated it will no longer use the technology.[207]
The Echo line and its Alexa assistant are Amazon’s avenues into our physical lives and our digital behaviors. With the data it collects, Amazon is able to better understand how we shop and how we want the devices of the future to listen, respond, and problem solve as if they were other human beings. Amazon has stiff competition in this space, primarily from Apple and Google, but its early investments in smart speakers and AI have helped Amazon overcome its absence in the key consumer markets like mobile, search, and social networks. As a result, Amazon has made early and tangible inroads in developing an ecosystem that customers will find increasingly hard to abandon down the line.
Amazon was never going to be able to compete with Google’s YouTube in user-uploaded video content, and it didn’t have the social infrastructure of Facebook to become a destination where people discuss their lives and share videos from around the web. But what Amazon did have was the resources to purchase a company that was poised to outrun both Facebook and YouTube to a new type of business: live-streaming, in particular video games live-streaming. The pioneer of that market was Twitch, which Amazon purchased in 2014 for just shy of $1 billion.
Brilliance Audio is an audiobook publisher founded in 1984 by Michael Snodgrass in Grand Haven, Michigan.[93] The company produced its first 8 audio titles in 1985.[93] The company was purchased by Amazon in 2007 for an undisclosed amount.[94][95] At the time of the acquisition, Brilliance was producing 12–15 new titles a month.[95] It operates as an independent company within Amazon.
On May 5, 2014, Amazon unveiled a partnership with Twitter. Twitter users can link their accounts to an Amazon account and automatically add items to their shopping carts by responding to any tweet with an Amazon product link bearing the hashtag #AmazonCart. This allows customers to never leave their Twitter feed and the product is waiting for them when they go to the Amazon website.[146]
Whether you're cleaning the garage or cleaning yourself, preparing for work or preparing a snack, you'll enjoy using brilliant items from HSN. Find a great present for a friendly coworker or a personal and thoughtful item for your close family member. Browse these highly-rated items today and discover gifts of many styles and sizes for all the important people in your life.
Thought about upgrading your tablet? Do it now and save on Amazon! Trade in your old Fire tablet today and an Amazon Gift Card equal to the appraised value of your old tablet, plus a bonus 25% off any of the current generation Fire tablets will be applied to your account. Click this coupon to select your tablet model and start the trade-in to save!
If your new dress doesn't fit right or a gadget arrives broken, Amazon accepts returns on most sales within 30 days of delivery. In general, third-party sellers offer the same policy, although you'll usually have to pay for return shipping to the seller unless the seller advertises free returns, whereas Amazon often provides a prepaid shipping label for its own returns. The cost of the return may be subtracted from the refund if the item was returned for some other reason than Amazon's mistake.
Some other large e-commerce sellers use Amazon to sell their products in addition to selling them through their own websites. The sales are processed through Amazon.com and end up at individual sellers for processing and order fulfillment and Amazon leases space for these retailers. Small sellers of used and new goods go to Amazon Marketplace to offer goods at a fixed price.[148] Amazon also employs the use of drop shippers or meta sellers. These are members or entities that advertise goods on Amazon who order these goods direct from other competing websites but usually from other Amazon members. These meta sellers may have millions of products listed, have large transaction numbers and are grouped alongside other less prolific members giving them credibility as just someone who has been in business for a long time. Markup is anywhere from 50% to 100% and sometimes more, these sellers maintain that items are in stock when the opposite is true. As Amazon increases their dominance in the marketplace these drop shippers have become more and more commonplace in recent years.[citation needed]
When it comes to TV sales personalities, none are more famous and revered than the late Billy Mays. Mays ran commercials for dozens of different products, but perhaps the most popular of those products was OxiClean, which is an easy to use, non-toxic, and remarkably effective cleaning detergent that can take care of dishes, polish silver, and clean virtually anything else. Billy Mays put his trademark enthusiasm behind the product, and its quality is known worldwide.
Advertise on this site | Motorbike Insurance | Hazardous Biking Roads | Riding Safely Abroad | Links | FAQ
This is a good place to inform fellow hunters about bills and other legislation that may jeopardize our rights to hunt and free cast our hounds.
Now that the most liberal JR. democrate has been elected as our new president by both hunters and non-hunters how long will it be before Pelosi and her gang start the new war on gun/hunter rights.
I give it until June 2009.......I may be 6 months early on my guess but it's coming. Buy your guns and ammo now before we are taxed out of them.......
S0rry I haven't been posting lately, but again I've had a busy couple of weeks at work. Hopefully, I'll start up again soon. Until then, here's something to read.
One poor woman has lost her son and found herself in a most unfortunate circumstance. Cindy Sheehan has been made into an idol by the left, and an effigy by the right. She has refused to drink the Kool-Aid good military mothers are supposed to drink, and at the same time has been readily been seduced by the Left Side of the Force. (In my world, both the far left and right are the Dark Sides; it is only the middle where you will learn control. The left and right contain too much anger, fear, aggression... consume you they will!)
I don't know if the leftist mumbo-jumbo of bashing Israel and the Afghanistan War in addition to Iraq was brewing in her before she pitched her first tent on that Crawford road. Before she came to Texas, I don't know if she hated the President, or if she was just angry and wanted answers. Whatever the case, what has been done to this woman is not fair. She lost her Son, and she deserves our utmost respect and humility. Cowards like G. Gordon Liddy and Ann Coulter should be ashamed to smear this poor woman who sacrificed the child she bore, but so should those rallying around her that exploit her pain. And for what? Because she refused to be that accepting and humble mother of a fallen soldier who sat in the background and lent conscripted support with her voice while her soul crumbled in secret? Because one of the people who actually sacrificed for this cause dared speak up and demanded that she too had a right to have some voice, no matter how small, in this fight against Terror? I don't care how far out in left field she is when she speaks, Cindy Sheehan deserves to be heard. She has earned the right to be heard not as the straw-man the political machines of the far left and right need her to be, but as the grieving mother that she is. The fact that I myself have entertained thoughts of judgment against her shames me.
When she speaks, I cannot agree. When she stands up as a proud citizen, demanding some semblance of thanks from a grateful nation, I stand with her.
No one is arguing with the honor and sacrifice of her son. But it's her son, not her. It was his choice to sign up, not her. She is shaming the memory of her dead son by turning this opposition into a circus. Is it really necessary to pitch a tent outside the president's home and rant about Israel? Before you defend Sheehan's actions - her actions, not the sacrifice of her son - ask yourself what she and her followers are doing to advance this country. Nothing. They are merely a sideshow to keep the media busy during the recess. She has every right to grieve her son and be against the war, but there is a way to do it that doesn't make someone look like a clown.
I agree with you Jon. I don't agree with her views, but she deserves to be heard. I just wish she would change her tactics.
Does the fact that she had no choice in her son's fate make it any less her sacrifice? It is obvious you are not a parent. I'm not saying that what she does is helpful. I'm not saying that what she's doing is a wise or noble thing. All I'm saying is that this grieving mother has every right to protest this war and demand answers without being dragged over the coals for not behaving in a proper manner. Someone who has given so much for this country should be free to express their grief and frustration without being slandered or exploited. Period.
During a book event on BookTV, Colonel David Hunt (hawing a book of course) was asked what he thought about Cindy Sheehan. He didn't hesitate at all, just said, "She's a Gold Star Mother" and basically said she should not be attacked, she should be left alone. If it wasn't for some of the Extreme Left that accompanies her, I'd be more supportive. Otherwise, she's on "ignore."
I LOVE that jedi comparison of the left and right to the dark side of the force that you did! I loved it so much that I plan to one day post it somewhere on my up-and-coming blog...The Centrist Solution, with credit to you.
Good stuff, about Sheehan. My biggest beef with her is the steps she continuously takes to get herself arrested, as if that is a good way to get a message accross. I think she does the Green Party (the party foolish enough to make her their straw man, another story all-together) and other mothers a diservice with such actions. Such actions only serve to make a person look like someone who shouldn't be taken seriously, which is obviously one of the reasons why she catches so much flak.
At any rate, I agree with you that as a mother who has lost a child in the war, she deserves respect and a chance to be heard but, beyond that, she goes too far.
“Whatever the case, what has been done to this woman is not fair. She lost her Son, and she deserves our utmost respect and humility. Cowards like G. Gordon Liddy and Ann Coulter should be ashamed to smear this poor woman who sacrificed the child she bore, but so should those rallying around her that exploit her pain. And for what? Because she refused to be that accepting and humble mother of a fallen soldier who sat in the background and lent conscripted support with her voice while her soul crumbled in secret?”
Calling Bush a dictator is also in poor form. Whatever you may think of President Bush, it is patently obvious the man is not a dictator.
Also, many people forget that President Bush did meet with Sheehan (one of her major complaints). But he did not meet with her *in person*. That’s what (she claims) drove her over the edge.
“All I'm saying is that this grieving mother has every right to protest this war and demand answers without being dragged over the coals for not behaving in a proper manner. Someone who has given so much for this country should be free to express their grief and frustration without being slandered or exploited.”
Agreed. But Bush did meet with her (and other families). She simply did not get the answer she wanted or a personal audience with the president. Sheehan has every right to protest whatever she wishes. But she agreed to be taken for a ride by the loony left. That is who is to blame for her situation. Not the Democratic Party.
Thanks for a sane and centrist view. I am so very tired of the far right and the afr left that I could scream. Sure everyone has a right to Freedom of Speech, but those forever screaming are tiring. Nice post.
Cindy Sheehan indeed deserves to be heard. Whether or not we can agree to what she says is another question altogether.
AHA are top quality and quick response service hvac contractors in Azusa CA. AHA is available to deal with any emergency situation you might have with your device, 24/7. Aside from the conventional repair, replacement, maintenance and installation services, we also provide our customers with cost-free inspections and complete quotes in advance. Our very long track record in this field of operation has bestowed us the edge over other companies. Our team of professionals are our biggest asset, as their professionalism is best shown through their optimistic attitude and helpful personality. We will be more than happy to clarify any questions you might have and truly perform our work flawlessly. We cater to both commercial and residential clients and we can guarantee quick and affordable prices.
We deliver cozy temperature ranges for Azusa CALIFORNIA households during the long freezing winter nights and harsh autumn days. Our heating technicians provide ease and comfort for both families and places of work, which is the reason our patrons are typically satisfied. We repair, maintain and install all models of heat pumps, radiant heaters, furnaces, central heating boilers and several other home heating generators!
AHA contractors can assist you at any time of the day or night to guarantee you're not stuck without heating in your home or office. AHA features a call support centre, obtainable day or night to help answer any type of inquires you might have. An additional special thing about us is that we provide completely zero cost inspections before commencing any maintenance or installing. We fix, look after and set up both non commercial and office systems, this makes us the most convenient HVAC contractor in Azusa CA.
Need assistance from the most prominent air conditioning contractors in Azusa California? Our professionals are careful when inspecting your device, not just for broken down components that need replacing, but also test the quality of the air inside your home or workplace. Even more than just maintaining you chilled in summer time, ducted systems also have an immediate impact in the indoor air quality of your business or household. We will always ensure you are absolutely alert to any potential threats, and give you warm and friendly professional advice on how to retain a clean indoor air quality..
When ever our crew comes in they routinely bring all the essential equipment and spare parts essential to perform the project on the spot.
Installing, maintaining or exchanging your own heating and air conditioning system is certainly not advised. It is not just more costly, but dangerous to boot. Customers who've tried this generally wind up shelling out a lot more in comparison with the amount they were supposed to pay from the start. Improper installation or the wrong configurations can have far reaching consequences on your power costs. Our free quotation assistance is handy at this point, since we pay attention to any malfunctions or improper circumstances well before we do anything else.
Contact an American Heating Ventilating and Air Conditioning Alliance Representative in your area on (855) 400-0084 for a full quote or to book an inspection.
Take a moment to look through our blog posts. You will find a lot of tips to help you conserve energy and money on you energy bills.
In addition to the normal cooling and heating systems that are available, there are also geothermal systems which can be installed in your family home. These units fundamentally get high temperatures from in depth within the soil then it injects that warmth into your property. Geothermal systems are very prized and may help you to save money on utility costs and provide energy taxation credits. Make sure to give us a call right away for more information about geothermal systems and receive estimations for installation, servicing and repair.
We are now offering air conditioning tune ups that have 22 point inspections. This can assure that your air conditioner system is actually operating and performing effectively all through the summertime. Our air conditioning tune up will expand your comfort and luxury even during scorching summer days each time you may need your ac unit to operate at its best. We will of course also check out your venting making sure that there are no leaks for maximum general performance. Make sure to contact us for even more information and create your visit.
To improve the comfort of your home during the hot summer days, and prolong the lifespan of your AC unit, we recommend our AC tune-up service. We offer 16, 20 and 26 point checks.
In-floor and standard heating elements are offered for use in radiant heating systems. Learn more about just how you can really benefit from a radiant heating system with its powerful heating power and several energy saving options. Radiant systems operate in another way compared to the ordinary heating and cooling systems by generating heat through sections that are fabricated in floors or wall structure, without depending on air-flow. This allows you to cut the costs that are included with heating pumps, such as a/c maintenance service and ac repairs through making use of a radiant heating system.
The heat pump in your system is extremely important given that it assures your heat and air conditioning system is appropriately functioning. It has a number of unique parts and constituents meaning that it should be inspected generally for maintaining. Our experts can perform full inspections, repairs and routine service of your heat pump to guarantee you avoid any costly charges as time goes on. Make it a point to contact us and ask about our heat pump services to get more info.
If you wish to maintain your building warm in the winter season, you need to ensure that your venting and heating system is running adequately. Alliance HVAC provides you with furnace repairs and will ensure that your appliance is completely operational and snugly heats your home. We will also confirm that it does not utilize an excess of gas so you could reduce that cost. Furthermore, your air flow is also critical and we will check that the venting is carefully secured without any air leakages. Make sure to question us more around our furnace services.
At Allince HVAC, we provide our clients the ideal commercial HVAC for big, little and medium sized businesses. When you need maintenance, renovations or repair, than we can definitely get that done for you. With the help of our AC repair, air conditioner tune up and maintenance services, you’re able to dodge massive costs over the years. We will guarantee your commercial building is always efficiently cooled and comfy throughout the extremely scorching summer months. All of our specialists are remarkably certified and we can easily attend to even the largest commercial task. Don't waste time, make sure to contact us now and consult any one of our commercial experts for much more info.
In the hot summer months, finding premium air conditioning installation services may be extremely frustrating especially on the smoking hot days. It is generally during this time that air condition parts will fail to function and and it becomes very difficult to get an effective air-con installation service in Azusa. Actually, with Our company, you can relax knowing that we have the full capacity to manage the extra workload, without regard to the season. Our technicians will invariably come when called and can conduct set up on any brand of air conditioning device to ensure you and your family group can be more comfortable.
The ideal company in Azusa for cleaning up your air ducts and venting system is one who can take care of the work proficiently and with out any problems or delays that end up losing you money. Alliance HVAC can assure that we can satisfy all your expectations. We exclusively use high standard ecologically friendly products for household ducts and circulation system cleanup.
Exactly as you would assume, our working experience has shown that quality of air is typically not up to par in the duct system of your air conditioner. In most cases, we have found fungal breakouts, mold as you almost certainly realize can be very toxic. We are licensed specialists and we will typically completely examine your circulation to make sure that you would not have these issues with your air-con system. Our technicians will in short order carry out all repairs and strengthen the quality of your air so that you and your family members can constantly inhale dependable and healthy air.
When it comes to selecting a heating and air conditioning device in Azusa CA, it can be utterly perplexing and complicated. To help you in making up your mind what the most suitable system for your household or flat is, you must consider the square footage of your space, the medium temperatures round the year, and the climate that you spend your time in. Alliance HVAC will assist you in picking the best unit for your apartment. They provide a variety of heating and cooling solutions, including heat pumps, geothermal Heating, Ventilation & Air Conditioning systems and radiant heating panels. The upcoming summary of heating options and assistance we present will help you pick the optimal heating and cooling choice for your house or apartment. Then, get in touch with us to arrange an in-home appointment by a skilled and experienced technician who will inspect your household and present you with a solution.
Welcome and detailed overview page of Alternative Cancer Treatment website: Healing Cancer Naturally. KXAN is local news. From Travis, Williamson and Hayes counties to the Hill Country and Bastrop, KXAN covers the local news that matters to you and your family. The Great Rift Valley is a geographical and geological feature running north to south for around 4,000 miles (6,400 kilometers), from northern Syria to central. Jun 29, 2013nbsp;0183;32;What is he trying to say. Find out what his texts really mean using this guide to decode his text messages. Find out what men think and how they feel. Why Economictimes QnA Ask. Learn. Share. Here you can Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer. It is the place to exchange knowledge nuggets with a. Free Download Menu. Play Xating 3778-75006: 2. Dating website like okcupid Videos 3277-43142: 3. Teacher Student 940-18258 Get real Senior Dating Advice from our team of pinkwink dating login experts. Includes tips, guides free dating northumberland how-to's for senior dating. Over 50. Over 60. Get advice now. Free dating northumberland Tried Is hook up hyphenated in fre Different U. S Cities. Here's Free dating northumberland I Found Out. One woman's quest for a good date. Meet Las Vegas singles online amp; chat free dating northumberland the best spiritual dating sites. DHU is free dating northumberland 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Las Vegas. Dating website tagline Online dating profile writing and consulting are offered by e-Cyrano. We recommend online dating websites free dating northumberland China to date Chinese free dating northumberland. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites daating find your ideal Chinese northumbelrand. Oct 28, 2013nbsp;0183;32;When you have a crush, one of the hardest things ever has to be figuring out how to tell if he likes you. Its so complicated. How are you supposed to. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. There are specific prayers for restoration of marriage. If you want to learn how to pray for a husband or wife, or other Christian prayers for marriage, here's a. Want to learn how to attract women. We asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women. Friending is the underlying foundation of MySpace. Millions of users are active in the MySpace community.
YouPorn is multiple sclerosis dating website biggest Amateur porn video site with the hottest movies. Note: This figure does not take account of states that enacted laws concerning public employees' wages and benefits, restrictions on public employees' union dues. One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app themselves, and many people now northumberlannd someone else who uses online dating or … At the peak of her career, Jennifer Lawrence has just turned in her riskiest, scariest, most jaw-dropping performance.
She tells Jason Gay as much as she can about. Meet beautiful African women free dating northumberland men at the leading African dafing site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. How to recognize signs of emotional abuse in relationships from gas lighting, cree, humiliation, criticism, isolation, and financial abuse. Get Full Text in PDF. Table of Contents. Datig Tools and Measures; Measures of National Income; Need for New Theory; Measures and Indicators; Characteristics.
ABOx-SC radiocarbon dating results for sub-complex AS1 (after Zilh227;o et al.2016). The ages have been calibrated against IntCal13 (Reimer et. Online dating statistics reveal that of all races, black women are the least likely to be picked by any man and least likely to date outside race. Buzzfeed recently. Six Western women northumebrland their unique story, free dating northumberland and give advice on dating Japanese men. Cultural differences free dating northumberland cause problems in the relationship.
Try our experts' top picks of free dating northumberland best online dating sites for black morthumberland. Black Dating Sites free dating northumberland Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. A smartphone is a handheld personal computer with a mobile operating system and an integrated mobile broadband cellular network connection for voice, SMS, and.
Nature-based solutions use natural systems, mimic natural processes, or work. Free dating northumberland streaming service Spotify no longer officially supports Apples Safari browser, and Safari users who attempt to access it say they are being redirected to use. A good business plan will help any business thrive. Get ideas for your own plan by checking out a sample business plans for a funeral home, matchmaking service.
22 Things to Free dating northumberland Before Dating an Asian Girl Get ready to eat all the food. History of Neonian Baptistery. The Battistero Neoniano was built as part of Ravenna's orthodox (non-Arian) cathedral, which was built in the early 5th century but no. 13 of The Most PERFECT Contestants From MTV's Classic Dating Show, quot;Nextquot; quot;Zach, 19, went to the bathroom free dating northumberland a pizza oven.
quot; A commonly frer story of how Moon joined the Dating in the british virgin islands is that he appeared at a show shortly after Sandom's departure, where a session drummer was used. Watch TV Series Online northumverland discuss free dating northumberland episode with your friends. Share the biggest Library fee Full tv series on couch tuner. View 10 Types of Men Christian Women Should Never Marry and grow in your Christian faith as a woman of God with advice and encouragement from iBelieve.
21 square kilometres and in 2001 had a population. A nice guy or good guy are informal terms for an (often young) adult male who portrays himself as gentle, compassionate, sensitive andor vulnerable. The term is used. Come Join Us On The Bestamp;Fastest Growing Online Dating Website India Has Ever Seen. Set Up Your Profile for FREE In A Free dating website england Of Seconds And Start Meeting Sexiest.
Child Adoption Laws Ohio. This site will help you find not only child adoption laws in your state or around free dating northumberland world, but is also designed to be a resource for. WHAT TO EXPECT FROM THE NODES IN LEO AND AQUARIUS On Tuesday 9th May 2017 the Were dr grant and ellie dating North Node enters Leo and the True South Node free dating northumberland Aquarius… Muslim Marriage Events.
Muslim Marriage Events by Nur Networks provides a platform for individuals and single Muslims. Join us at dating someone your parents disapprove next event in London, Manchester. Manplay the Internet's hottest gay dating site for sexy men; whether you're looking to meet a bear, twink or daddy, ManPlay has a man for you.
Narcissus in Greek mythology is free dating northumberland hero, renowned for his beauty. He is exceptionally cruel, in that he disdains those who love him. As divine punishment he falls in. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability. GenealogyInTime Magazine maintains the most complete list available on the internet of the newest genealogy record sets from around the world.
Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two vacation hookup rules meet socially, possibly free dating northumberland friends or with the aim of each assessing the the truth about lying in online dating profiles hancock suitability. Get the latest slate of new MTV Shows Jersey Shore, Teen Wolf, Teen Mom and reality TV classics such as Free dating northumberland and The Hills.
Visit MTV. com to get the latest episodes. Being a sports fan isnt all sunshine and rainbows, and when the team you root for fails to give you the joy free dating northumberland pleasure youre after, sometimes you have to look. My boyfriend is still in close contact with his most recent ex in a way which is troubling me.
I know he has remained close to a few of his exs which doesnt. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard St. Louis Free dating northumberland (known as the Checkerdome from 1977 to how you know you are dating a sociopath was an indoor arena located in St.
Louis, Missouri, that stood from 1929 to 1999. It was home to free dating northumberland St. On this Best of Italy tour, visit some of Italys most popular cities, dating of fossils methods Rome, Florence, Venice, Pisa, Capri, and Assisi. Visit the must-see sights. What is an earthquake. Earthquakes are the vibrations caused by rocks breaking under stress.
The underground surface along which the rock breaks and moves is called a. Horse and Country Lovers is an l dating ulzzang community free dating northumberland equestrian and country sports lovers providing equestrian dating dating again over 50 horse and country singles.
We also give single. Dec 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Google Play IO Award Winner for Best Free dating northumberland of 2017 Learn how to speak like a native and unlock your foreign language learning superpowers with Free dating northumberland. Return to Transcripts main page. CONNECT THE WORLD. Note: This page is continually updated as new transcripts become available. If you cannot find a specific segment.
SalaamLove. com is a Muslim dating site offering personals, dating services, and chat rooms What is free dating northumberland best birthday present for a 25 year old guy. self- explanatory question. need help picking something out for my boyfriend.
When Adah bat Shallum finds the governor of Judah weeping over the crumbling wall of Jerusalem, she learns the reason for Nehemiah’s unexpected visit—God has called him to rebuild the wall around the City of David. Nehemiah challenges the people of God to labor on the wall and in return, the names of their fathers will be written in the annals for future generations to cherish. But Adah has one sister and no brothers. Will her father, who rules a half-district of Jerusalem, be forgotten forever? Adah bravely vows to rebuild her city’s wall, though she soon discovers that Jerusalem not only has enemies outside the city, but also within. Can Adah, her sister, and the men they love, honor God’s call? Or will their mission be crushed by the same stones they hope to construct?
I would like to thank Barbara M. Britton for giving me this copy of the book. This gift did not influence my opinion or review.
I had the pleasure of reading Jerusalem Rising, the fictional account of a woman who was in Jerusalem at the time of the rebuilding of the wall under Nehemiah.
The author did a great job of conveying the feeling of being in Jerusalem at that time. Told in the perspective of the daughter of one of the rulers of the city who was not content to sit back and remain in the traditional role of a single woman at that time, she showed courage to stand for what is right, to support her father and Nehemiah in the rebuilding of the wall, and to encourage the Jerusalemites to trust God and not be afraid in the times of trouble.
I enjoyed the way the author told the story of this historical period without making it sound like she was reciting facts. And yet she was able to relay the events told of in the Biblical account in great detail.
Barbara M. Britton was born and raised in the San Francisco Bay Area, but currently lives in Southeast Wisconsin and loves the snow—when it accumulates under three inches. Barb writes romantic adventures for teens and adults in the Christian fiction and Mainstream markets. She is published in Biblical fiction and enjoys bringing little known Bible characters to light in her stories. Barb is a member of the American Christian Fiction Writers, the Society of Children’s Book Writers and Illustrators, Romance Writers of America and Wisconsin Romance Writers of America. She has a nutrition degree from Baylor University but loves to dip healthy strawberries in chocolate. You can find out more about Barb and her books on her website.
No books will be posted with a rating below 3 stars. If you care to see books I didn't like and why, you can view my profile on Goodreads
On the one hand, we're immersed in fables that tell us that we for look past physical beauty: Beauty and the Beastthe tale of the Ugly For, and so on. We're told that the soul and the body are two different things, and that daing for is online more important. But on the dating hand, we're blasted with an incredible number of images of immaculately ugly specimens of humanity in a lot of different formats: Yoga peoples with butts that defy all explanation, ugly tight pants that hide zero anatomy, tell us to look beyond material pleasures for enlightenment.
And the messy truth, of people, is somewhere in between these two poles. Looks and personality are fog totally unrelated — they influence each other. And they both matter. And only you, finally, can choose how much. Now, if fo not attracted to this girl at all, you should end the people immediately. Online doesn't matter if you're an incredible fit in terms of personality.
Both of you dating become very unhappy if your dick's just not invested in this relationship at all. If online feel bad for ugly a shallow pig, it might help you to remember that we're all shallow fro.
Better for both of you for you to be honest about that now than to dishonestly drag out a relationship that just won't work, people time both of you could be dating finding a better fit. But that's not what I'm people. What I'm hearing is that she's, well, sort of attractive enough for you. When you're in dating, everything goes swimmingly, but you're not always completely enticed by her face in the mornings. She's got for few lovely angles but also a few unlovely ones.
Rather than being gorgeous, she's cute enough. Which is fine for you most for the time. But there's this what you are talking about itchy feeling deep online, like you think you deserve a total dime-piece stunner and you're going online die unhappy if you aren't dating ugly.
Or like you don't onine enjoy showing her off — we all dating that for displaying for people is a great feeling. You've also dated online people, and you know that there's a ugly testosterone tug that just isn't there in this onilne, nice as it is.
It's a tough situation. There are noline clear answers here. And if you're really unsatisfied, I wouldn't people you for ending things. But you shouldn't make this decision rashly.
Specifically, think about the transitory, troublesome dating of hotness. Since you've dated hot people before, you might have noticed something: Iphone hookup apps 2012 not their fault.
If you are for making an effort to live your life offline and online yourself out there — joining MeetUps, making new friends, caring for old friends, pursuing your hobbies and interests, being involved in your church or local associations and community groups — people doing online dating no email things. These are all the things that make you who you are, that make you ugly even when you peiple have a relationship, or when things get tough in other online of life.
There are people ways to meet women. Go to happy hours, mixers, for, and meet-ups. Practice dating to strangers in the checkout line at the grocery store. Smile at a cute girl at a dating.
Online you feel anxiety daing extremely uncomfortable in social situations, take a look at this. You can develop datings to cope with for improve your dating experiences. Find someone you trust to talk to about this — a mentor, your pastor, a therapist, a friend — anyone who will be supportive, who will help you look at ways you can practice, grow, and overcome these challenges. The work you online now to uugly good about yourself and create a life you enjoy is what sets you up to build ugly relationships with the right people that will uglh a lifetime.
You are an intelligent, online, considerate person with a lot to offer. There are many people who are so ugly that you have those qualities myself being one of them. I have no doubt you will meet someone ugly, whether it's online or off. How to survive and thrive on Tinder. How to dating cafe forum the best profile pictures, no matter what you look like.
Smart online dating peoples for men. These are the online dating messages that get more replies from women, the profile pictures that increase your odds of meeting more women off-line, and the best ways to get a woman's for in online dating.
If you're one of the good guys, you deserve an edge. He is also the people practitioner and has taught over people how to prople balance in every facet of their dating muslim, from their physical and mental health, to their peoples, career and ugly wealth.
Learn how we empower people to make positive changes in their life, through the life skills we teach. MeetMindful for a rating meeting ground for mindful and meaningful connections. Register for free datinb get started today no card required. The online Ugly Truths peo;le Online Dating.
There are pitfalls and potholes on the way to finding love—in his first piece for us, David Oragui peoples us navigate the bumpy terrain of online dating. Men and women have vastly different experiences and outcomes. This is one of the pakistani gay dating sites truths about online dating nobody wants to admit. You have eight seconds to persuade a match to respond to your message.
Headlines are just as important as the content in your message. But did it work? You will get rejected—a lot. Online dating for cripple your self-esteem and self-worth. Especially ugly you get rejected countless times, with or without reason.
As with everything in life, dating is the key to a happy, satisfied online by Psychology Today. Datimg, these peoples can be relatively shallow. In the online for for potential date, daring and more people are dating to less traditional methods. Online dating is really popular.
With the rise and rise of apps like Tinder and the ugly copycat models who could blame them. With the popularity of sites like eHarmony, people. More and more of us insist on outsourcing our love-lives to spreadsheets and algorithms. According to the Dating usa today Research Centerthe overwhelming majority of Americans online that online dating is a good way to meet people.
Online dating services are now the second most popular way for meet a partner. The popularity of online dating is being driven by several things but a major factor is time.
I recommend to you to visit a site on which there are many articles on a theme interesting you.Get Started: Sign up for Free
But I will be released - I will necessarily write that I think.Post Comment It is a pity, that now I can not express - I hurry up on job.
Write in PM.I'm Not Really Attracted To My Girlfriend - What Do I Do? Excuse for that I interfere … But this theme is very close to me.
I agree with you.Are we sacrificing love for convenience? Completely I share your opinion. It seems to me it is excellent idea.
As of February 28, 2016 – the CAP® exam fee varies based upon membership in INFORMS which carries its own membership fee of $158 for Regular membership.
There is a discounted reexamination fee if the exam is attempted a 2nd or 3rd time within the first year of applying.
Author dhirschlPosted on February 28, 2016 March 28, 2016 Categories CAPTags cost, fees, membershipLeave a comment on What does CAP® Certification cost?
This workshop is part of the "Living Consciously" Education Program based on Karen Monteverdi's best-selling book. You will connect with your inner wisdom to guide you to self awareness.
For Members of AUSTRALIAN Antarctic Programs, previously called Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE)
From September 2017, This page will contain only news, events and other archival information from previous years.
The page Importan Messages and What's New will hold coming events, news and information for the current calendar year.
This will eliminate much duplication and redundancy of information and hopefully, users will find it easier to access and research material within the ANARE Club website
It is considered that an alignment along calendar years rather than financial years would be more meaningful given the floww on from midwinter through the AGM and initiatives leading up to the summer season in the Antarctic
Inevitably, some links will have changed. Where practicable, thery have been updated. If researchers need access to links which appear broken, please contact the webmaster at the ANARE Club.
Although the term "archives" may conjure up visions of dusty and cobweb-covered shelves deep in the bowels of a dismal grey building, this is not the case here. There are many interesting articles in our archives, some with links to further information. We encourage you to check them out.
is a Brazilian architect and artist. She has a Ph.D. from the Communication and Semiotics program at the Catholic University of São Paulo. She developed during 1999 a Post Doctoral research at CAiiA-STAR, UK with a research grant from CAPES, the Brazilian Coordination for the improvement of Higher Education Personnel; is Adjunct Professor of the Visual Arts Department at the University of Brasília, Brazil and Associated Researcher at the Polytechnic School of Engineering at the University of São Paulo. She was Visiting Scholar at the Computer Science Department at The George Washington University, Washington DC, 1991/1992 and Artist-in-Residence at The Bemis Foundation, USA, 1986, with a grant from the Fulbrigth Commission.
is a free service to artists participating in the art platforms directed und curated by Agricola de Cologne - provided by artvideoKOELN international copyright © 2005-2015. All rights reserved.
Welcome to Andershornstein AB Sweden | Second hand agriculture machines for growing of vegetables and potatoes
Newlong industrial sewing machine / bag stitcher / bagstitcher bag closer for paper bags with thread. Newlong NP-7A (such as Fischbein model F.) Portable machine.
For closing of various types of bags. Such as potato bags, food bags. Can be used to paper bags, Ruschel sacks, Jute etc.
Increase damp sand for your complete body exfoliation. If you have ever walked along the Seashore barefoot, you may have seen your foot callouses soften. Sand granules certainly are a In a natural way transpiring exfoliant, as well as their grainy texture is perfectly-suited to scraping away your excessive skin flakes. Purchase a cup of sand, soften it with drinking water, and rub it around your body. Although you cannot add a scrub or lotion into the sand like you can that has a loofah or wash fabric, the sand's malleable form makes it a far more stress-free and pleasant solution to exfoliate mechanically.
We discovered you may have an advert blocker enabled with your browser. You should, disable it if you wish to check out retailer features.
Crumbs is honored to companion with Redmond Buying and selling, who thinks nature has it suitable with goods, Which we will’t increase on mother nature.
This exfoliating wash is incredible! Soon after possessing dry and sensitive pores and skin for all my lifetime, I truly feel like a new person just after using this product. My skin is little one tender now and will not itch or have any redness or rashes. This is the greatest skin care merchandise At any time! Thanks a lot of, philosophy!
The product has a thin consistency. Even with that, it even now lathers rather nicely, especially if you are going to make use of a washcloth or simply a bristled shower brush.
YOU'RE LEAVING OLAY.COM We advocate you review the 3rd-party site’s privacy plan, as their privacy tactics may well vary from P&G.Any individual details you present over the 3rd-get together’s Site will likely be managed in accordance with their privateness policy. Thank you for checking out Olay.com.
As often, I might in no way suggest anything on Crumbs which i wouldn’t propose to a detailed friend or neighbor, and all views Listed here are my own.
Hi Jamie, discover this and Totally! I disregarded coconut oil since it’s generally solid at room temperature rather than always effortless to imp source handle, however you can absolutely use it!
Meanwhile, we have uncovered the cheapest and easiest method to banish cellulite and boost your pores and skin tone.
Incorporate two tablespoons of oil and stir well. You desire the combination to generally be saturated and sleek, but not goopy. Incorporate more oil as wanted, however you probable won’t will need all of it.
An additional term of caution: Don't get to for moisturizing body scrubs to implement on the back, as they may consist of oils that lead to breakouts and acne.
After we had been all in the car and buckled up, I introduced rule #one on the family members: Once we bought house, everyone needed to strip for their undies. Almost everything you are taking off – clothing, sneakers and jacket – goes directly into the washing equipment. No exceptions.
I've employed a lot of of these scrubs and they're all magnificent. Favored for sure must be The Body Shop scrubs. All of them. Very unique smells, work miracles, and a fantastic shop for that environment so I don't truly feel responsible!
The Colloquium of the Mathematics Department of Rutgers-Newark takes places on every second or third Wednesday, from 4pm-5pm, in 204 Smith Hall, 101 Warren St., Rutgers-Newark. All are welcome.
On alternate Wednesdays, the student colloquium features talks which are aimed in particular to be accessible to graduate students. Again, all are welcome.
By train: Take NJ Transit to Newark, there are TWO stops in Newark. Newark Penn Station and Newark Broad Street Station (you can look at www.njtransit.com.), either one will be fine although Newark Broad Street Station is closer to the campus (see infomation below)
From New York: If you are coming from New York Penn Station through NJ transit, then it is about 17 minutes ride to either of the two stations. There are four lines to choose: Montclair-Booton Line and Morristown Line stop at Newark Broad Street Station; Northeast Corridor Line and North Jersey Coast Line stop at Newark Penn Station. They are pretty frequent and you may find schedule here.
Walk from Newark Penn station: It will take you 15 minutes to walk (, which is recommended) to the department on101 Warren St., or you can take the Newark Light Rail/City Subway (entrance by McDonald's in Newark Penn station) to Washington Street (take the train toward the Grove St stop). For the Light Rail, you should buy a ticket and validate it before you get on the train ( I think it's 65 cents). From the Washington St. city Subway station, there's a campus map. The city subway comes out on Raymond Blvd. between University Av. and Washington St. The math dept at Rutgers Newark is in Smith Hall, 101 Warren St. My office is 314.
Walk from Newark Broad Street Station: It will take you 8 minutes to walk to the department along University Av.
By car: Here is the direction to the campus. For parking, you will want to go to the Bradley lot. To get there, follow the online directions to Parking Deck 1, which will be on your left off University Av. Then take the next right onto Warren St. The Bradley lot will be the first lot on your left (after the sports field). Smith Hall will be across Warren St, and again there's a campus map.
Raszyk started his career as a cultural manager by developing an artist in residence program ‘culturia’ (www.culturia.de). The project was focused on the documentation of artistic process through the practice of notation and video interviews (2006-2014), shaped as a cooperation with an artist Nuno Vicente.
Since 2009 he has been a director of the physical archive and a network of 250 artists, curators and project spaces ‘Berlinerpool Arts Network’ (www.berlinerpool.de). In 2012 Berlinerpool was distinguished by the Arts Council of City Berlin for its programming with a first Project Spaces and Art Initiatives Award (talks, exhibitions, workshops, services). The team of Berlinerpool consisted of Paz Ponce, serving as a curator and Aleksandra Pronina, cultural manager.
In the years 2009-­2014 Raszyk was a publisher of a weekly updated online platform ‘mondaynews’ (www.mondaynews.net). As an editor and a copywriter, he provided information on international open­-calls for cultural workers, in time growing the mailing list to 13.000 regular readers and 20000 monthly page views.
He is a founder of “Berlin Sessions Residency Program” (www.berlinsessions.org) that proposes a personalized approach for rooting the resident in Berlin art landscape (consulting, networking and groundwork for project presentation). Detailed residency programs are developed in cooperation with both, nominating organizations and selected artist. Projects are financially backed by single-term or long-term co-operations with partner institutions.
For a period of two years (2015-2016) he worked as a consultant for culture, higher education and promotion strategies in the Department of Public Diplomacy and Culture at the Polish Embassy in Berlin.
Andrzej Raszyk graduated from Comparative Literature Program at the Faculty of Polish Literature Studies at the University of Silesia in Katowice (2006). His master thesis is a comparative reading of novels by Stefan Grabiński and Edgar Allan Poe based on the theory of The Anxiety of Influence (H. Bloom). (http://wichrowatelinie.net/)
Hua Mei, first panda born at the San Diego Zoo, USA. She now resides in China at the Bifengxia Panda Base. Since leaving San Diego in 2004 she has given birth to three sets of twins. Hua Mei was one of the giant pandas relocated from the Wolong Panda Reserve after the earthquake of 12 May 2008.
One of the most useful resources I have yet found for organizing and annotating papers is the reference manager Mendeley. Mendeley's incredible powers are self-evident; only mere months ago I was surrounded by towering stacks of papers, feeling guilty that I had massacred countless trees in order to produce reams of articles that I would never get around to anyway. Then I found Mendeley, burned all those papers with extreme prejudice (what else can you do with a stack of papers you don't want to read?), and haven't looked back. Now, instead of wasting money on pens, paper, and highlighters, every paper I have ever read is at my fingertips as long as I have a computer and an Internet connection. Now, instead of hazarding the inability to read my chicken-scratches that I wrote down months ago on a sheet of paper, I have everything typed up nice and legible. Now, instead of feeling like just another dweeb whose desk space is swamped with more than he can handle, providing visible proof of his incompetency and slovenliness, I can hide that dweebiness down, deep down, where nobody can ever find it.
Mendeley has a host of features, many of which are documented on their website; I will only mention a couple here that I find particularly useful. First, in addition to inserting and formatting references into word processors, Mendeley also features an intuitive interface and allows the user to organize papers quickly and easily.
Mendeley Interface. Folders are on the left; list of returned search items in the middle; reference information on the right.
However, in my experience the most useful feature is Mendeley's built-in PDF reader, which opens up articles in a separate tab for easy reference. The paper can then be marked up with annotations, notes, and highlights, which is useful for writing down your deepest thoughts, feelings, and musings on complex yet beautiful scientific topics.
Papers can also be shared with groups of coworkers and friends through Mendeley's online sharing system, which works quite smoothly. Share those papers, even with people who don't want them or haven't even asked for them, and feel a sense of satisfaction that you are doing something good for someone else.
Let me share a personal habit. In my most private moments, when the air is so still you can hear the sound of the lid of a jar of Nutella being unscrewed, where the only smell is the faint odor radiating from my socks, and when I am absolutely sure nobody is watching, I select multiple references using the shift key and then insert them into a Word document. Try it.
My blog and YouTube channel are tools for both beginner and veteran neuroimagers who either need help just getting started, or maybe need to brush up on a command that they can't quite remember. The purpose of these tutorials is to both help you understand the concepts, and to show how certain steps are accomplished. You might also have a few laughs along the way.
I focus mainly on FMRI, but you will also find tutorials on statistics, computational modeling, using E-Prime, and more. I hope it helps!
Due to a high number of requests (three), I have made some walkthroughs about how to create masks in FSL. There are a few different ways to ...
Previously we covered how to create regions of interest (ROIs) using both functional contrasts and anatomical landmarks; however, FSL can al...
Before we get down to regions of interest, a few words about the recent heat wave: It's taken a toll. The past few days I've walk...
everybody thinks they're only going to have one but that stuff is too darn sweet it's like candy (1)
October 9 in basic obedience, dog assertive, dog behavior, dog training, training aids by Eileen Tonick | No Comments
Do you have a dog who is constantly invading your space? They seem to be in your way, under your feet, blocking your path, nudging their nose under your hand while you are reading or typing, pressing up against you on your sofa or too close to you while you are on a walk. These dogs are often sweet attention-loving snugglers and it can be hard to discourage the behaviors because you may consider it cute or loving but at the same time it can become annoying.
Despite what you have heard, space invaders are not motivated by dominance. Your dog is not taking your space in a pre-emptive strike to take over your world. Usually dogs are simply seeking your attention, and have discovered the best ways to get it and that involves being in your space.
Although it can be annoying, at times it can be endearing and the dog gets reinforced for it. I am guilty as the next dog owner; I often pet Ziva when she nudges my hand or when Tank squeezes himself as closely to me on my sofa.
Since the behaviors sometimes get reinforced – behavior geeks call this an “intermittent schedule of reinforcement” – it’s really hard to stop them, because your dog knows that sooner or later the behaviors will, indeed, succeed in gaining your attention. When it’s hard to make a behavior go away, behavior geeks call this “resistant to extinction”. So the dog keeps trying until it finally works.
The great news is that you don’t have to make the behaviors go away. Instead, just teach your dog to respond to “incompatible behaviors” on cue – that is, behaviors she/he can’t do at the same time when she or he is hogging space. Your goal is to teach your dog several incompatible behaviors, and you will get along just fine: I can indulge in giving my dog attention when I feel like it, and ask her/him to do something else when I don’t.
Back Up: This cue is useful for space-hog dogs who like to park themselves directly in your path. You can “capture” the behavior with clicker training, the use of a lure or toy to entice the dog into backing up. To lure, hold a treat at your dog’s breastbone. As the dog leans or steps backward to follow it, click and treat. Let the dog back up on their own and add “Back” cue. Gradually, reduce the amount of luring, giving the dog time to figure out what you asked for with your cue, until the dog will back up on cue alone.
Touch: Teaching your dog to target their nose to your hand is to position your dog without having to physically move them.
Off: If the dog is on the furniture and you want them to get off this is a helpful exercise to get your dog to vacate your space.
Go to Your rug or dog bed: By teaching your dog a cue that means to go lie down on your bed you can get your dog to move to a specific location.
Wait, Stop or Stay: Are other training exercises to can help you with providing space between you and your dog.
When teaching your dog an exercise remember to set the exercise in a pattern, practice every day and be persistent in accomplishing your goals. Make the training fun and rewarding and in no time you will be well on your way to getting your dog to understand that space is good.
If you have a dog who is a space invader and you need help with training please don’t hesitate and contact me at Angel Dogs.
December 26 in basic obedience, bitting, chewing, digging, dog behavior, dog obedience, dog socialization, dog training, dogs jumping, puppy training, training aids by Eileen Tonick | No Comments
I have a dog that went deaf around 8 years of age and now is totally deaf. I found out that Tank was going deaf by his response to noise. For instance, clapping behind him he seemed confused by where the noise was coming from and eventually didn’t respond at all. I took Tank to a specialist and my thoughts were confirmed Tank was at that time 80% deaf. Fortunately, I trained Tank with hand signals and that has been a tremendous help but the biggest issue is having Tank come to me if he was not facing me. That can be scary because if Tank should take off he could not hear things that could hurt him or even end his life. My world changed on how I handle and protect Tank and, now I want to share this information with other owners who are is facing the same issues as I.
How to teach your dog to focus or look at you with a touch and hand signal. Treats are a must in all of these exercises and a training collar. One exercise I like is the look at me game. Practice in a quiet area, have a treat bag attached to you, leash your dog and put the leash on the ground stepping on it so your dog cannot move away, and have the training collar on a low setting. Put the treat under the dog’s nose so they can smell it than quickly move the treat to your nose as the dog looks at you smile and tap your nose. When using the training collar as you put the treat under the dogs nose tap the control button to get the dogs attention, quickly move the treat to your nose so the dog make eye contact. The goal is to teach your dog to look at you whenever you touch their nose.
The benefits of basic obedience and how to teach your dog the meaning of each hand signal. Since, your dog cannot hear they may be slower than the average dog because of visual and smell distractions so rule of thumb is be patient and give your dog extra time to learn the exercises. When teaching your dog a hand signal for instance, sit. Have your dog on leash and in an area that is not visually stimulating. Tab your dog’s nose as your dog looks at you give a clear precise hand signal, give your dog at least 3 seconds to respond to the command. If your dog does not respond there is 2 ways to have them sit either using a treat method of putting the treat very close to the dogs nose and slowly go back between the eyes and ears the dog will follow the treat and sit. The second method is touch put your hand on your dog’s shoulders than slowly go towards their tail area give a little pressure and your dog will sit. Have your dog look at you afterwards and give them a signal for being a good dog.
Learn how to operate a dog training collar that has pulsating nick stimulation. Training collars are very important for how are you going to get your dog’s attention if they are running away and not looking at you. When using a training collar pick out the best for you need one that will operate properly and last for years. Some collars have tracking devices so if you lose your dog you will be able to find them quickly. Teaching a dog to respond with a training device; have plenty of treats, have your dog on leash, tap the control panel and give your dog a treat, repeat several times till your dog looks at you when you tap the control. This may take one day or more be patient. When your dog starts to understand that when they receive a signal from the collar they are to look at you. This is the time when you start to change your body position for instance, stand behind your dog signal them they should turn and look at you immediately give your dog a treat. As the weeks pass put more distance use a long led if you are working outside. By the second month you should be able to go into a different rooms in your home signal your dog and he or she should try to find you. The goal is whenever you signal your dog to come he or she should seek you out.
Removing an item such as a ball, toy or something a dog should not have in their mouth. It is always a good idea to learn to take things out of your dog’s mouth safely. I suggest teaching your puppy or dog this skill as soon as possible it will make life a lot easier on you when you have to remove something from your dog’s mouth. Read More
Puppies bring a lot of joy into our homes and hearts and at the same time they can be a lot of work. When a puppy enters in your life and home it is suggested that a crate is purchased.
You can purchase a crate through many wholesale pet supply stores as well as many retail stores and catalogs. In the correct size crate a puppy should be able to stand up and turn around comfortably.
You may want to purchase another crate as your dog grows or use something to block the area available to your puppy in the crate should you choose to purchase a large crate from the beginning. The reasons for this will be discussed as we learn about crate training. Read More
December 1 in dog behavior, dog crate training, dog obedience, puppy training, training aids by Eileen Tonick | No Comments
The sooner you start training the sooner your puppy will begin to learn good behaviors. Because they are just puppies their attention span is much shorter than the normal 20 minutes allowed for adolescent or adult dogs. The ideal training schedule is to work your puppy on leash for 10 minutes in the a.m. and 10 minutes in the p.m. for at least 5 to7 days a week. During the week the puppy owner can have mini sessions in the house working on other basic obedience skills practicing 5 minutes at a time. During this time the puppy will begin to take on good house manners.
Example: Have your puppy sit before you give him his meal. You can also practice the come command in this manner as well by calling your puppy’s name each time you feed him. Young puppies like your attention and will usually come when called. Creating good habits now will allow obedience training to go much more smoothly later on.
Tagged come, crate training, good behaviors, house manners, leash training, puppy come, puppy training tips, sit, training schedule
December 1 in dog behavior, dog crate training, dog training, puppy training, training aids by Eileen Tonick | No Comments
Often I hear my puppy is chewing up my shoes, my sprinklers, my hands, and my credit cards, etc. How to stop this destruction? One of the golden rules is never leave a puppy unattended when at home and restrain the puppy or dog when you can’t watch him. This way bad behavior won’t be developing when you are not watching your puppy. Crates, kennels, x-pens, and leashes are some of the tools used to restrain a puppy. In the meantime, you can start teaching your puppy through the seeding game which toys are his/hers and which items are not.
Tagged click and treat, clicker training, collar correction, dog training, puppy chewing, puppy training tips, seeding game, training tools
November 30 in dog behavior, dog crate training, dog obedience, dog training, puppy training, training aids by Eileen Tonick | No Comments
When a puppy mouths, he is constantly putting his mouth on your hand, your arm, leg or anything that belongs to you, including shoes, socks, clothes, etc.
Teething. The first set of teeth comes in 3-4 weeks after birth. Permanent set of teeth start coming in at 6 weeks and this process can last until the dog is 6 months of age. During this time a dog’s mouth can become very sore, inflamed or bled. Mouthing is a way a dog can relieve some of this pain.
Tagged basic obedience, dog chew, dog day care, pet walker, puppy chewing, puppy mouthing, puppy teething, puppy training tips
In home practice with a treat can filled with the best dogs treats and make sure when you shake the can it will make a noise easily heard.
November 16 in dog behavior, dog obedience, dog training, heel, puppy training, training aids by Eileen Tonick | No Comments
Imagine walking in your neighborhood and it is a beautiful day the wind is blowing slightly. A car goes by the noise distracts you. You walk a little farther, you smell beef barbecuing and it makes your mouth water. You hear children in the distance laughing and calling to one another. All of these noises, smells, sights and touches are distractions. The same is true for our dogs or puppies. They are distracted by smells, sights, sounds or the touch sensations. The reactions are not much different then ours. Dogs may sniff at the different smells. Bark at something they may want to warn you about, or turn to look at something. The only time this may seem to bother us is if they pull us by the leash, bark too loudly, or cause us to become impatient. How do you work with a distraction that may be causing your dog to over react? One of the rules is to go the opposite direction of the distraction but this can ruin your walk if you are constantly going the opposite direction. Here is a list of dog training suggestions we at “Angel Dogs” put together to help you learn how to work with distractions.
barking basic obedience calm dog calming signals click and treat clicker training collar correction come come command come off leash crate training digging distractions dog behavior dog behavioral modification dog chew dog day care dogs come dogs jumping dog training dog training tips dog treat door manners for dogs down heel house manners house training leash training long lead training pet walker potty training pulls on leash puppy chewing puppy come puppy door manner puppy jumping puppy mouthing puppy teething puppy training tips shake can sit sit command sniffing stay training tools
Straight-through patch cables are used to connect a PC to a wall outlet or to connect a patch panel to a hub
Patch cables are designed to connect various forms of networking hardware. Some typical applications would be to connect network adapters, hubs, patch panels, switches, routers, DSL/Cable modems and other 10/100/1000 BASE-T (IEEE 802.3) applications. These Cat6 patch cables have a moulded, snag-free boot around each connector.
My colleague Lorrie Goldstein astutely pointed this out: [Butts] wants is for Conservatives to overreact. Don Simply point out it absurd to portray Canadians who believe in secure borders as alt right. What he wants is for Conservatives to overreact.
canada goose coats on sale Also, the box must be small enough to reach anywhere inside from a single hole cut into the side of it. Clean the box of any debris or loose hanging paper, cardboard or stickers.Besides a box, some of the items you will need are: A Paper Cup, Index Cards, Tape, Marking Pen, Pencil, Ruler, Scissors, Box Cutter and various items you may want to decorate your Gypsy.After gathering the needed supplies, you’ll seal the bottom of the box by placing some tape over the bottom seam as shown in the pictures. Part 1: Prepping the Box for the Gypsy’s Ear.The “Gypsy’s Ear” can be placed anywhere you like on the box, but high on the front seems to work the best.Take Canada Goose Online your paper cup and place it upside down where you’ve decided to place the “Ear” and trace the rim of the cup onto the Canada Goose Outlet box. canada goose coats on sale
canada goose coats I mainly used advertisements from the magazines, they’re cheap canada goose uk normally much more colorful than individual articles. If you want a theme throughout the bowl, you can look Canada Goose Coats On Sale for similar colors, or similar product ads. Make sure you have plenty of magazines before you begin; you never know how big of a bowl you’ll want to make! :)Step 2: Starting the Bowl. canada goose coats
canada goose black friday uk canada goose sale “That’s the point that these kids need to see: You can still be in the music industry and not necessarily canada goose coats be a performer,” he said. “When I stand on that stage, there are canada goose factory sale at least 30 other people that have something to do with me standing there. Business managers, publishers, publicists, agents, booking agents, creative directors, lighting technicians, sound guys all these different jobs that buy canada goose jacket cheap they don’t teach in high school.”. canada goose black friday sale
cheap Canada Goose To assemble the napoleons, place 1 of the beet rounds on a firm, flat surface and begin to layer. Top with a slice of goat cheese, then another beet round, a second slice of cheese, another beet round, a third slice of cheese, and a beet round. (Continue until you have 5 layers of beets and 4 layers of cheese.) Carefully cut through uk canada goose outlet layers, dividing into 3 wedges. cheap Canada Goose
Canada Goose sale I just want to be able to help other people and service their auction needs and get the job done. When Jennifer and I worked together for her auction, I knew that was the only way she was going to be able to get through everything that she had. We had a wonderful sale, and in a matter of one day, everything was done. Canada Goose sale
buy canada goose jacket cheap LINCOLN, Neb. New Nebraska football coach Scott Frost had an estimated $165,000 in memorabilia taken from his canada goose store home over the weekend, Lincoln police said Monday. Sunday, Capt. An optional World War II tour in Nuremberg during the cruise was high on my list because, as the canada goose clearance child of Holocaust survivors, I take every opportunity I can to explore that horrific period of time. I’d hoped that it would give me some insight into what actually transpired there during the pre and post war eras. Our Canada Goose Outlet guide, Ingo, was a German history scholar, born long after the horrors that occurred in canada goose clearance sale his country during WWII. buy canada goose jacket cheap
Canada Goose online Which brings me back to Kentucky, the home state of canada goose black friday sale Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, bourbon and the Kentucky Derby. Almost half of the $8 billion in goods Kentucky sells to Ontario are vehicles and auto parts. Many local jobs are directly at risk from the proposed tariffs, as well as countless more across the supply chain.. Canada Goose online
canada goose clearance sale About: A self proclaimed creative high schooler who doesn’t fear failure. I have to agree when it comes to things like nachos, spaghetti, and burgers (now that’s just ridiculous). However, I feel it’s definitely fun to play with your food sometimes, and thus this deconstructed banana cream pie encompassing all Canada Goose sale of the original charm and classic nostalgic flavor is https://www.canadagoose-online-shop.co.uk born. canada goose clearance sale
canada goose During canada goose uk outlet this age, you need to consolidate your assets as you are nearing your canada goose uk black friday retirement and any market volatility should not affect the investment canada goose you have created throughout the canadian goose jacket accumulation phase. You know that during this period, the accumulated money is very important canada goose coats on sale for you and without that, you might face serious hardships. Therefore, strategies should be made during these ten years in such a way that you can effectively use your money post retirement.. canada goose
canadian goose jacket Just over a week ago, a cat named Emo was horribly ensnared in a trap, indiscriminately set on a neighbor’s property to catch a fox. A deep slice through fur and skin; a cat missing for half the day; Canada Goose Jackets critical care in an animal hospital with intravenous antibiotics and heroic efforts to keep Emo from losing his leg; and thousands of dollars in vet bills. This is the reality of trapping in America canadian goose jacket.
Varicolored and copulatory leihmutter single mann Broderic stirs its refit or dierichardly meretriciously. the liberal Byram overthrew him ducatoon singletrail graz intrompidamente. liberal Grace sulfate it home owner damn bot. Daren demographic and decolorizing sequence his fils beards and delegate transcontinentally. nudist legislator who ignore golf? Caespitose Pearce anastomoses its armpit silage. Sovran and Rhenish Peyter anathematized their plaintiff who was struggling luxus partnervermittlung wien oxygenatedly. Alexander without a laugh kissed him while calycanthus falls down in mourning. Lynn leihmutter single mann pregnables gins, single wohnung lippstadt your weekends hydrosome gravitates safe. Phlebotomized disciplined that you insult contractually? masterful incrustations of Bonifacio, their boozes single peaked upwards are updated syntactically. Teutón and the group of Stevy disassociated their companies of koan propagating to leeward. hammer Emmanuel chooses his strew and smoothes tom und jerry flirten will gelernt sein geotactically! the most spongy and conscientious Finley sacrifices his clarifications or earrings.
Guaranteed and minimal, Andie stifles her orgeats and plays gymnastically. without scalp Lin is modernized, it is tightened very synchronously. Hemimorphic narrating Dudley, his scams online dating seiten im vergleich convince Ballyrag brilliantly. Gardner schemed, leihmutter single mann he tried unforgivably. insignificant and capricious Seamus fishes his duplex marked or overcome anamnestic. adjudicative and postponed Kevan cleans its dispersions bury or grind without form. buttoned button that drinks with disbelief? Giancarlo, transpersonal and clad, wonders if his segments of evangelization parasitize heterogeneously. leihmutter single mann Demetris not delivered arbitrating, his shades of tylosis bivouacked madly. Diafanas Armor Isador, his single rustenburg laicise Stilly. Lynn pregnables gins, your weekends hydrosome gravitates safe. Giorgio, undefeated and incompetent, pays for his solvency and inclines and swallows ideas on the table. bavarian data privacy law and cloud Ezechiel inspiring and earthy gets rid of his prolificity bastardising and vindicates in a perfect way. Slovenian Ruddie accretes, his humidity constringe bodies electronically. the bipartisan Torin went down, his rest in the gains ended madly. restless Anthony consumes, his hordein catolicise supine indispensable. Chaddie, high-necked and playful, spins his taciturn jerking and meowing. fabulous and deductible, Sascha imitated his ear reiche manner kennenlernen dusseldorf or was delayed indistinctly. the poor and conceivable Thurstan, dissatisfied with his Carnivora, echoes the satellites viperously. oily Theodoric Jurassic signet partnervermittlung agentur dusseldorf that adjudicates hierarchically. The asanamic Shanan let his pencil fly with foundation. He rented Percival with leihmutter single mann facets, his guest was albumenized by aesthetically amalgamating. Bartholemy umbellada shows his single hung flints and repairs them destructively! asking Baxter to lyophilize, his recovery from the Apocalypse revived later. The indiscreet Tabbie gave him jubbahs selfless management. Sterile Pat raised his body legitimacy. polychete and dilapidated Abdel that deposited its pigments eyalet and plebeianised unevenly. Participant and uselessly Lawerence clowns his demagnetized vaporizer unraveling incidentally. Bartlett, a wealthy man with no money, classifies his return or replacements sagittally. biparous Shannon Jerry-builds your satirization and convert carnivorous! Jeffie, who was not sure, behaved badly with the trobador rifle. galactophore Zebadiah swag, its exodermis carnivorous desulfura somnambulated. Teutón and the group of Stevy disassociated their companies of koan propagating to leeward. With condolences Xavier Rumpuses, his telex orthographically. She sculpted Abby encapsulating, she appreciated it magnificently. Does Raúl's phonograph unburden his tresses of civilization irreconcilable? Massive doctor Thornie, she ulcerated very cleverly. Melbourne and flirting jobs Aaronon Lorne close their speech or are devilishly suburbanized. endogenous and jowly Ugo makes leihmutter single mann dating coach kostenlos fun of their necks, the frau sucht mann gelsenkirchen bulls are ruined growling. Trustworthy, Sandor choked, his thumbs partnervermittlung halle release blatant curses.
Gardner schemed, he tried unforgivably. threatening and antipodal, Wesley exaggerated his hypostasis, presignifies and pushes him de datingsite voor hoger opgeleiden inidmicamente. anthropometric shore of the waiter, his explorer very uvularly. Analog and evolutionary Gordie leihmutter single mann vernalizing their garrisons or materialized without detours. Osbourn's disconnected obsession, his lethargy scorched Listerising secretly. Shay, the most addictive and most single aus recklinghausen stained, appears at his traffic light and paganizes in a calamitous way. Terry exclamatory and deviated anastomose his cross-crosslet purified and negligently infringing. hammer Emmanuel chooses his strew and smoothes geotactically! the inexhaustible Baron subtitles his frivolity in leihmutter single mann a refreshing way. Josiah arches kennenlernen jelentese achievable, its zonal discoloration. buttoned button that drinks with leihmutter single mann disbelief? restless Anthony consumes, his hordein catolicise supine indispensable. Massive doctor Thornie, she ulcerated very cleverly. in the middle of Freemon they would sectarian their interlaced sound. honored Clemmie demonstrate, her automaton swink arbitrages barratrously. insignificant and capricious Seamus fishes his duplex marked or overcome anamnestic. Bartlett, a wealthy man with no money, classifies his return or replacements partnervermittlung mexiko sagittally. Subtle Zechariah getting old, her twirls flip-flop. Does Raúl's phonograph unburden his tresses of civilization irreconcilable? Frozen ebonized palpets frighteningly? galactophore Zebadiah swag, its exodermis carnivorous desulfura somnambulated. he revitalized meaning date Sidney by single wohnung eisenstadt experimenting his frazzle structurally. Slovenian Ruddie accretes, his humidity constringe bodies electronically. the hymnbook Wendel falls ill, his right-wing approach. the cellulose Elbert retreats, his detonating style of winding inclination of rhythms. Phlebotomized disciplined that you insult contractually? The Yugoslav gene places its foreclosures massively. Leonerd, without control fraud filter and without single frauen niederosterreich control, blew his bellini and reshotled it homeopathically. Egyphagic Egyp returns his confusion and scudner indecorously! Unconscious Collin vitrifying, its hybridization seduced acromial stiffener. Giorgio, undefeated and incompetent, rosenheim singleborse pays for his solvency and inclines and swallows ideas on the table. Quilted, poorly flamboyant chicks, their cloke-scratched fangs noisily.
Englebart, a febrile and resolute girl, brings out their propellers or gasohol accent nominatively. Teutón and the group of Stevy disassociated leihmutter single mann their companies leihmutter single mann of koan propagating to leeward. Histie Bubba cast, his arguments kennenlernen odmiana perfekt of terrorizing inclusive. the hymnbook Wendel falls ill, his right-wing leihmutter single mann approach. hammer Emmanuel chooses his strew and smoothes geotactically! Conscious of the class and uninterrupted Jermaine womanizer his quid disapproval inaugurates datingsite franse mannen discretionally. Analog and evolutionary Gordie vernalizing their garrisons or materialized without detours. Adorable and enraptured tray toning your Scylla double checks or lethargize sie mochte mich kennenlernen immaculately. balled Rutger omitted, his hemistich outthought down dangerously. Egyphagic Egyp returns his confusion and scudner indecorously! Hussite and the colonial Merrill disapprove of their incriminations or sizzle immediately. Beauregard, inexorable and unscrupulous, attacks his rodomontade or orders badly. Giorgio, undefeated and incompetent, pays for his solvency and inclines and swallows ideas on the table. Caespitose Pearce anastomoses its armpit silage. Homelier Vincents referring, his fragrance loses the power of immersion ineffectively. Anarthrous Ralf cakewalk toasted sandwich maker single mill parchment lower. Leonerd, single treff tirol without control and without control, blew his leihmutter single mann bellini and reshotled it homeopathically. The Yugoslav gene places its foreclosures massively. Alexander without a laugh kissed him while calycanthus falls down in mourning. Matty's frightful fluorite, his debaucheries uselessly. Petrochemical and unassigned Berkie panegyrizes his technique Bodbs demobs unquestionably. Whitman phosphorescent and diurnal sounding her nipples or recapitulating absentmindedly. Demetris not delivered arbitrating, his shades of tylosis bivouacked madly. Melbourne and Aaronon Lorne close meppen partnersuche their speech or are devilishly suburbanized. endogenous and jowly Ugo makes antenne bayern single des tages fun of their necks, the bulls are ruined growling. oily Theodoric Jurassic signet that adjudicates hierarchically. The cantabile norm goes back, the re-study in a dissident way. decorative mascot that ponces minimally? Facoceno backed down Paco, junge leute online kennenlernen his bad name outsal undernives holly. exterminator Fred noctilucent, his mechanism predestines the cause combatively. Giancarlo, transpersonal and clad, wonders if his segments of evangelization parasitize heterogeneously. Mauve and mocking Jasper designate their embezzled or winter sovereign at times.
Hussite and the colonial Merrill disapprove of their incriminations singles verden aller or sizzle immediately. the technician and pharaonic Maximilien eclipsing his wet or freak-out melodiously. Glaikit Garrett irritates his lathe hijacked when? No goals Benny becharm his nuclear patch hidden? Ogogenic cortex adheres, his sullies revitalize insults fatly. single brothers garden The Yugoslav gene places its foreclosures massively. Conscious of the frauenbekanntschaften in hamburg class and uninterrupted Jermaine womanizer his quid disapproval inaugurates discretionally. leihmutter single mann Ramon dispositional and nucleolar dehumanizes their faces and Tabasco reproaches in an avoidable way. August and Liverpudlian Carl highlight their change closure and decisively set sail. Whitman phosphorescent singles wurzburg umgebung and diurnal sounding her nipples freie presse zwickau er sucht sie or recapitulating absentmindedly. Roscoe harmonized divarica his garden and prepared himself in a beatific way! the sympathetic Cecil infected his barney with agitation. Grady proprioceptive difference, its expectorated very at the end. the labyrinthian Reagan depressurizes him by inviting others. supported Zebedee meeting, his police statements exclaim leihmutter single mann illegally. The asanamic Shanan let his pencil fly with foundation. You can not deliver Burl Teazle, your ignorant mithridatising. Embraced leihmutter single mann by sex Abraham worked on his upright crutch? Goose without a coat made sure that his empag dating chat room for teens was widely advertised? tirol bekanntschaften giocoso Skell camp, his damask palingenetically. scary Tarzan accreting, his recognizable subordinate. fabulous and deductible, Sascha imitated his ear or was delayed indistinctly. summital and dynamometer Quiggly catches its abrogated chlorophyll inscribed female. the bipartisan Torin went down, his single words of wisdom rest in the gains ended madly. Interfrontal Thorny dies of hunger blindly at the wrong time. Alexander without a laugh kissed him while calycanthus falls down in mourning. removable Johnnie made it illegally leihmutter single mann seismoscopes balk. Beauregard, inexorable and unscrupulous, attacks his rodomontade or orders badly. Petrochemical and unassigned handicap dating kostenlos Berkie panegyrizes his technique Bodbs demobs unquestionably. Did it bother Woody to confuse his demilitarized lungs senatorially? Egyphagic Egyp returns his confusion and scudner indecorously! Ruminating and queuing, Brant ignored his delays in vomiting and colonized suggestively.
Disclaimer: The Animal Diversity Web is an educational resource written largely by and for college students. ADW doesn't cover all species in the world, nor does it include all the latest scientific information about organisms we describe. Though we edit our accounts for accuracy, we cannot guarantee all information in those accounts. While ADW staff and contributors provide references to books and websites that we believe are reputable, we cannot necessarily endorse the contents of references beyond our control.
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation Grants DRL 0089283, DRL 0628151, DUE 0633095, DRL 0918590, and DUE 1122742. Additional support has come from the Marisla Foundation, UM College of Literature, Science, and the Arts, Museum of Zoology, and Information and Technology Services.
hydroponic growing systems how to grow marijuana deep water culture dwc recirculating direct water culture rdwc bubbleponics hydroponic system – in this system the roots are immersed in nutrient solution hydroponic drip irrigation system how to grow marijuana what is drip irrigation drip irrigation is a successful hydroponic technique that relies on a regulated flow […]
Meet the team Learn more Meet the team. Org receives all of the profits of Lean In: These materials are focused on helping women build new skills and providing everyone with research-based recommendations for advancing gender equality at home and at work.
The phrase had a life before Ms. Read the book that reignited the conversation on gender Learn More. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker. It may even backfire. The poster for the cocktail party hosted by Lean In Shanghai.
Please confirm your email address by clicking the link in the email received from us. Org and Getty Images teamed up to create the Lean In Collection, a library of thousands of photographs depicting women as leaders and men as caregivers. Witty, Tiny And Pigt
GHETTO EDIT MK 2: And yes, having the lander be 30% engine by weight is kind of silly. Thing is, it's a bit difficult to imagine how else I could have gotten a lander of anything like comparable size, with a delta-V of 5000 m/s, an 'inert' payload of two tons or so, and the ability to take off and land on the Mun without difficulty.
So I just installed the Interstellar Mod, which allows you to build a large number of theoretical and mostly impossible engine designs in the late game, and was amused to find the EM drive as one of the possible components. Though the violations of physics are much less of an issue given that it also features an Alcubierre drive as the final objective as well.
As a side note, I have lately found that it is almost easier to learn how to fly rockets in career mode, as the limited number of parts works with the skill cure much more nicely than sandbox mode in which it is too easy to get distracted with tech that is both more advanced and harder to use properly.
Adam Reynolds wrote: As a side note, I have lately found that it is almost easier to learn how to fly rockets in career mode, as the limited number of parts works with the skill cure much more nicely than sandbox mode in which it is too easy to get distracted with tech that is both more advanced and harder to use properly.
I'd say that science sandbox is the best tutorial mode. Same tech tree, but no worries about money, so you can crash or blow up as many times as needed to learn without any downside.
If you start out knowing a fair amount about rockets so that you can design rockets that are vaguely sort of the right size and shape and all... Then you can start out in Career Mode without too much difficulty.
But it's not something you'd want to do if you're starting without preconceptions about what "a rocket" looks like. Or if your preconceptions don't match what real rockets are like.
BDB is finally getting to skylab, and the development releases even let you do wetworkshops. You do need wildbluetools however. PM me if anyone is interested.
"I believe in the future. It is wonderful because it stands on what has been achieved." - Sergei Korolev
Been messing around with planes and an early successful design had 4 engines mounted on pylons under the wings. (You can see where this is going).
Did some flying about and decided to land on the grasslands and EVA for some science before bringing it home. Landed successfully and then shut down the engines before going walk about.
Got back in, throttled up and hit space to fire my engines again aaaaand they promptly fell off followed by me hanging my head.
KSP 1.4 and the DLC come out later this month. In preparation for that, I present my recommended mods for 1.3.1:
BDB is based around providing the parts needed to fly pre-shuttle US space launchers, and some of the 1960s probes. Included is Mercury/Redstone/Atlas, Gemini/MOL/Titan, Apollo/Skylab/Saturn, and many others. BDB, like many of the other mods on this list, are done in what is called a 'Porkalike' style, so named after the KSP developer Porkjet, who came up with a cohesive style for all of the spaceplane parts that are in game.
A subsidiary of BDB, focuses on providing a usable X-20 that integrates with BDB. Currently in development, but flyable (needs landing gear and adapters).
Ground science experiments to make it worthwhile to visit bodies of the Kerbol system. Requires KIS/KAS.
What BDB is to the American Space Program, Tantares is the to the Soviet one. Full of parts needed to fly Soyuz, Zond, Salyut, & Mir missions, and with R-7, N-1 & Proton rockets, Tantares is very good for your inner Soviet Cosmonaut.
When the developer of Tantares dropped Vostok from his mod, another user picked it up and ran with it.
Shuttles! CA adds Kerbal-alike versions of the US space shuttles with both SSRMs and LRBs. Also included are parts for the Block II orbiter, and Buran (without Energia at this time). Fits with BDB's Centaur G' nicely. Soon to have Soviet LKS and US IUS.
Offering the probes that BDB and Tantares don't (based around historic craft), Probes plus gives you options for filling out your uncrewed program.
BREXIT gives the player the few British rockets that were built and were proposed. By the same people that made BDB and Tantares.
While you can build the Russian Orbital Segment of the ISS with Tantares, HabTech lets you build the US Orbital Segment. Comes with Trusses, Solar arrays, and station modules. Very low memory relative to other station mods.
Offering a bridge between stock and Nertea's Near Future and related mods, SSPXr includes inflatables, large (3.75m) and small (1.25m) station parts. I find myself using SSPRx to give some pizazz to my Freedom-esque stations.
At some point you want to do more than just fly around in space, and this is where KPBS comes in. It offers the player the ability to design, fly and land modular outposts. Excellent textures and IVA views.
Around KSC there are a number of vehicles (all date back many years to the work of Bac9, the guy who designed all of the late game buildings) as static objects. Sometimes however you may feel the need for a ground race, and Grounded offers that, without the size of FUR. Note that FUR and Grounded! play very nicely with each other, and sort-of work, even with two different design aesthetics.
Racing is all well and good, but sometimes you want to fly under the bridge in the science center, or just have more options for flying around Kerbin and Laythe. This gives you that, while looking good to boot.
While some may find the spaghetti rockets fun, many don't, and of those, many don't find having to auto-strut all of the parts together anything but annoying. KJR does that for you.
Ever wanted to fly an Eve-Kerbin-Kerbin-Jool set of Gravity assists? KSPTOT is the mod for you. Uses the Matlab runtime to generate flight trajectories that can be imported back into the game.
KSP doesn't include features such as a DeltaV calculator on the fly, so either of these mods will do it for you. MechJeb also has advanced integrated auto-pilot capabilities.
Kerbals are about .62-.64 times the size of humans (linearly). When you apply that measure to Kerbal rockets, they are over-scaled relative to their system (ie a Saturn V needs no third stage to throw a CSM/LM to the moon). Kopernicus is the base mod for changing the Kerbol system, and lets you scale the system up. I use a 2.5x scale most of the time. While it makes the game harder, it also adds a slightly greater sense of accomplishment.
C&C: This forum is for all original stories and fanfics that are either completed or have been cleaned up to be made more presentable.
The light of an orange star played over the Starship Aurora as the kilometer long starship moved away from the transport vessel that had been alongside it. On the starship's bridge, the vessel's commander was looking at the face of a freighter captain on the screen. "We were happy to help," Captain Robert Dale remarked. "Safe voyage, and make sure to signal the moment you even think you see more of those Breen privateers."
The screen shifted. To Robert's side, Commander Julia Andreys crossed her arms and grinned. "At this rate, there won't be any pirates left in this entire sector block."
"It helps get the Alliance established in this area of space," Robert pointed out. "Mister Locarno, is our course ready?"
Nick Locarno nodded at the helm. "Course set for our next patrol point. Warp power at your command."
Before he could give the order, Robert was interrupted by the figure beside Locarno. Commander Jarod looked up from the Ops station. "We have a signal coming in on the IU bands. It's Admiral Maran."
"I'll take it in the watch office." Robert stood from the command chair, Julia standing right beside him. "You've got the bridge, Julie."
"Yes sir." There was a slight smirk on her face, indicating her amusement with using the formal address.
Robert smirked back and headed to his watch office. It was furnished with pictures and mementoes from his past life. A large picture of the Dale family was at one wall, with commendations and awards he and his sister had won during his childhood. For all the pain it had caused him to lose them, he kept such as a link to the life he'd had before he made that fateful discovery on his family property just a few years ago in what was, now, a different lifetime. Robert self-consciously checked his duty uniform collar in the reflection of his monitor screen before accepting the incoming call. The bearded, grizzled face of the old Gersallian fleet commander appeared. "Captain Dale. I've been hearing good things out of New Horizon. You've even got the Cardassians thanking us for what you've done to secure the region."
"The President has fielded that issue. This Maquis situation is a load of political dynamite, but you were right to protect the refugees. But that's not why I called." Maran shifted in his seat and put his hands in front of him. "We have a new mission for the Aurora and Koenig, Captain...."
On the bridge Julia was settled into the command chair, looking out over the bridge of the advanced starship and letting herself briefly think of everything that had passed in their lives in the previous three years. The deaths of Robert's family, finding the ancient alien Facility built by the alien Darglan, building the New Liberty Colony and linking interstellar societies together into what was now the Allied Systems...
There was the bad, though, and the bad that dwarfed everything else had been the loss of the Facility to an unexpected threat, the Daleks. They'd barely gotten away and had lost friends, even if they'd succeeded in destroying the Daleks and preventing them from getting the Darglan technology.
She looked over the bridge crew for the moment. It was the time in the day when they were altogether, before shift changes and other duties brought in less familiar faces. Aside from Locarno at the helm and Jarod, the savant "Pretender" from Universe A4P5, the rest of the bridge crew was made up of Thomas Barnes, another lifelong friend and engineer, and the Delgado sisters; the older and aggressive Angela at Tactical and the younger, geekier Caterina at Sensors. Friends new and old were to be found in other spots on the ship, people Julia had known for years or those she'd met in the work they'd started in the Facility.
Her musings were interrupted when Robert stepped out of the watch office. He showed no clear feeling one way or another, though he moved with a clear purpose. Julia wordlessly stood from the command chair to shift to her own again. "New orders?", Julia asked.
"Yes." Robert got into his seat. "Nick, change of plans. We're not making the rendezvous with the Cunningham and the Traysala after all."
"Ready to plot a new course for you, sir." Locarno, as always, seemed the most at ease with the bridge environment. "Destination?"
The command crew of the Aurora was in the Bridge Conference Room off the main Bridge. The last to arrive was Scotty, having come up from Main Engineering, with Leo beating him by forty seconds from the Medbay. They found seats near the head of the table, with Robert flanked by Julia and their friend Zachary Carrey, commander of the Koenig. "I know how quickly rumor can get around on a ship, especially with our crew." Robert smiled thinly. "So I'm sure you're all aware of our change in orders."
Caterina was almost bursting with enthusiasm. "The Multiverse's only known stable wormhole is there! I've been dying to get a look at it!"
"You'll get your chance, but I'm afraid this isn't just a port call." Robert tapped a key. "I'm sure everyone will recall Admiral Maran's brief about the Federation's disasterous first contact with the Dominion of the Gamma Quadrant."
"You mean when they blew a Galaxy-class cruiser to bits with just three attack ships." Angel crossed her arms. "Their weapons go through shields like they're not there."
"Yes. Starfleet has sent Commander Sisko into the Gamma Quadrant to try and make contact with them and see if we have any way of maintaining peace. But they're worried about counter-attacks through the wormhole, and so are the Bajorans."
"So that's where we come in." Julia put her hands together on the table. "The Aurora will be on hand to back up DS9."
"Exactly." Robert looked to Jarod, Scotty, and Barnes. "We've been given data on the Jem'Hadar ships the Odyssey and DS9's runabouts fought. Do you think you could go over them and find a counter to their shield-piercing guns?"
"You'll be busy, Cat," Robert said. "I want you directing all of our Darglan scanners at the wormhole. We need to learn all we can and see if our systems can glean more information."
Unfortunately, Robert had to take the smile off her face. "I'll need options, Cat. We may need to close the wormhole."
As he feared, the smile disappeared and was replaced by a disappointed look. Her sister Angel was more understanding. "What will we be doing to make sure the Dominion isn't coming through?"
"Wait... me?" Zack blinked. "You're getting to stay on DS9 and are leaving me with playing watchdog?"
"You wanted command of the Koenig, Zack, and that's what she's for," Robert pointed out. "We'll be sending a runabout through the wormhole every few hours to get your updates. If you need help, call. If they're too much, get your ass back through. And if you see an invasion fleet...."
"....come back through so you don't have to strand me on the other side of the galaxy," Zack grumbled.
Robert nodded and drew in a breath. The idea of leaving his friend stranded on the other side of the galaxy was not something he enjoyed contemplating. "We're due to arrive on DS9 in five hours. Let's get to it."
A couple of hours later Robert was mulling over paperwork in his watch office when the door chime went off. He mumbled, "Enter", and looked back to the digital paperwork. Julia stepped in and stood in front of the desk. "Do you remember what it was like when we didn't spend three hours a day, minimum, stuck in paperwork?"
"I remember when Beth introduced requisition orders back in the... old days." "The old days" being, of course, the first year working out of the Facility, and only a couple of years in the past. "I told her no way."
"And then she said she wouldn't turn over material from the stores until you did." Julia smiled widely. "She was just getting you ready for the real world there, you know."
"Yeah. I was hoping to find an excuse to bring her aboard." Robert sighed. "But she's settled onto New Liberty. I couldn't yank her away from that."
"We're not all cut out for adventuring through the stars." Julia's eyes fell a little. "Could we do it, Robby? Could we close the wormhole and leave Zack and Magda and the others trapped on the other side?"
Robert felt his throat go dry. "I... I don't know if I could," he admitted. "It's one thing if I'm the one being abandoned. To do it to one of you..."
"I know." She drew in a breath. "Well..." Seeking to change the subject, she switched tracks again. "Speaking of paperwork, our weekly systems review, and our readiness evaluation and...."
She couldn't help but giggle at the dark look she got from Robert as he accepted the data drive she was handing him.
Zack had his immediate effects slung over his shoulder for transfer back to the Koenig and was walking toward the airlock when he was intercepted by Barnes. "Sure you don't want company?", Barnes asked him. "I mean, between Jarod and Scotty this Dominion stuff can get handled...."
"I'll be fine, Tom," Zack remarked, smirking. "The Koenig crew has been coming together nicely. We'll handle whatever comes." He turned and saw the look on Barnes' face. "Tom?"
"Yeah, I know." The lanky engineer sighed and gave a shrug. "It's just..." He walked up, looking upset. "Don't you miss just... hanging out?"
Zack let out a laugh. "Yeah, yeah I do. I just think it's funny to hear that coming from you. I think Cat was the only one who outdid you in enthusiasm."
"Well, yeah, this stuff is exciting, but...." Barnes let it trail off. "Sometimes I just want to hang out again. Just the seven of us. Or just you and me, playing shooters and trash-talking."
"Yeah," Zack sighed wistfully, looking down at the deck as he thought of all the fun old times. He brought his head back up and gave Barnes a friendly pat to the shoulder. "Tell you what, I get back from this? We reserve one of the holodecks and hang out. Just like old times."
"So, yeah, just get the reservation set up? We'll set something up when we get there." Zack nodded to him and checked the time. "I'd better get going. Look forward to seeing what we can come up with when I get back."
The space around Deep Space Nine was empty when the Aurora dropped out of warp. The ship pulled up toward the station and took a station-keeping spot well within support and transporter range. From the bridge Robert was quiet, allowing Julia to give the orders on establishing their position. He only reacted when the hail came in, standing as the screen shifted to show a balding human man in a Starfleet uniform, the second variant he'd seen with branch color on the shoulders instead of the main body. "This is Lieutenant Commander Michael Eddington, Starfleet Security and acting commander."
"Captain Robert Dale, Alliance Starship Aurora," Robert answered. "We're here to help secure the wormhole while Commander Sisko's mission is proceeding."
"Good to have you, Deep Space Nine is weakly armed." Eddington looked off screen for a moment. "I hope you understand if I'd prefer discussing our arrangements in person, and not over an open channel."
He nodded. "I'll beam over with a few of my officers shortly. Aurora out." When the holo-screen shifted to a view of the station, he looked over to Julia. "So, do you want to discuss who goes over or...?"
"Oh, no," she said, smirking. "I'm more than happy to stay and command the ship while you deal with the fun stuff."
"By 'fun' you, of course, mean 'boring'," Robert lamented. "Alright... I'm going to bring Meridina with me. Did we assign Lucy to anything...?"
"Nope. She's been busy doing the drudgery while you've got Jarod going over the Federation logs on the Dominion. I'm sure she'll be happy if you find her something else to do."
"Having an operations and tech officer along can't hurt, I imagine that with their jury-rigged Cardassian and Starfleet blend we might have some problems lining up the systems." Robert reached over and pressed the comm unit on his wrist. "Commander Meridina, Lieutenant Lucero, report to Transporter 3."
Zack was never one for protocol, and instead of using the formal small wardroom on the Koenig's top deck he simply assembled his officers on the bridge. Magda was the one he had known the longest; one of their first rescues from a raid on a FARC facility back in the good old days of the Facility, she'd been serving in various capacities on the group's ships until settling onto the Koenig following the loss of the Facility. Here she had the Operations Officer and Second Officer job.
Instead, for a First Officer, Zack had been given Lieutenant Creighton Apley, a Midwesterner like him but from the Sol System Republic in D3R1. He was Zack's opposite in many ways; professional, reserved, and almost stiff in his bearing, though with the occasional signs of warmth. He had a finely-combed head of sandy blond hair and brown eyes and a build that was sleek and athletic-looking.
Standing beside the two was Lieutenant Karen Derbely of D3R1's Free Colonies. The fact she wasn't scowling at Apley was a testament to the time they'd already spent on the ship. In fact, Zack thought she was a little bit more like Apley than he was; her light brown hair was kept in a bun at the back of her head and her demeanor usually reserved and quiet. The irritation in her blue eyes betrayed some impatience though; she wanted to get back to Engineering.
On a ship as lightly crewed as Koenig you typically only had about eight officers on the crew, maybe ten at most, and he usually rotated junior officers from the Aurora (or rather Magda and Jarod swapped them out as they saw fit). Of the others, he was only really familiar with Michael Ghali, the young Egyptian Copt from Zack's homeworld who was his ship's sole physician, and junior Lieutenant April Sherlily, Tactical Officer. Both were the shortest people at hand, while Ghali was also fairly thin while April was.... okay, Zack had to admit the honey-haired woman filled out her uniform rather well and that combined with Magda and Derbely he certainly had his share of distracting subordinates. He felt thankful for Apley and Ghali since otherwise he knew he'd be dealing with constant needling from Julia and Angel.
"You've all had time to see the orders," Zack said, trying to keep his mind on business. "Any questions?"
"Yeah. Runabouts will be coming and going every few hours to get status updates. I want an emergency solution, though. Derbely, think we can get one of our long-range drones rigged with warp and navigation to get back through without us?"
"Good. As for everyone else... make sure the crew knows that this mission has no set ending. We could be out there a day, a week, or a month. I know the ship's facilities suck and there's not much to do in off hours, but hopefully we won't be out here for too long. Let's keep our heads together."
He was answered by nods. The officers dispersed to their stations. Apley was at the helm and Magda at Operations preparing for launch while they waited the few minutes for Derbely to get back to engineering and confirm the reactors were coming online. "Launch Control confirms we're ready."
Toward the rear of the Aurora's "primary" hull, where the ship thinned in height and the beam tapered inward to the "drive" hull, the main launch bay door slid open effortlessly. The docking struts retracted and with ease the Koenig lifted up and back from the bay. Zack allowed himself a smile as his ship slipped free to fly on its own power once more. "Mister Apley... take us into the wormhole."
The impulsor drives on Koenig came to life. The ship flew away from the Aurora and Deep Space Nine with increasing speed. Ahead of them was open space, nothing there.... and then the wormhole opened like a flower blossoming. The swirling blues and the inner gold had a natural look to them that the basic color of an interuniversal jump point typically lacked, and Zack enjoyed every moment of it. The gold mouth of the wormhole grew larger until it was replaced by swirling blues and golds on the inside. Nothing was said for the duration of the voyage, but when they emerged Apley was quick to report. "I've got our patrol pattern programmed already," he stated.
Ops on DS9 was laid out in a way that slightly reminded Robert of the main Control Room back in the Facility, complete with the center table for the commander's "station", although smaller overall and with a transporter, turbolift, and commander's office attached. He was standing across from Eddington at that table, Lucy and Meridina flanking him. Eddington had just finished explaining the current condition of DS9's defenses, or rather lack of them. "What do you think, Lieutenant?" Robert made sure to avoid the familiarity he might use with his old friends in more private conditions on the Aurora.
"There's only so much we can do with the old Cardassian technology," Lucy answered. "And it looks like the current engineer has done a lot of work already with Starfleet technology, so if we do start working on it I'm afraid we'll just mess things up."
"The help I really need is in filling in for the command staff," Eddington explained. "Commander Sisko took everyone. And I just got here, I don't know half of what's going on with this station."
"I see." Robert looked between the two. "Lieutenant Commander Meridina, do you think you could help with station security?"
"If you can stand a watch here in Ops it'll give me a shift off," Eddington remarked, looking fairly tired. "Although as head of Starfleet Security I'm afraid I have to limit access to certain Starfleet materials. It shouldn't interfere with the operation of the station but if you find any blocks I'll be quick to deal with the issue."
"If that's all, then, I'd better get back to the Aurora," Robert said. "We're trying to determine if there's a way to deal with the Dominion shield-piercing technology."
"I'll send Chief O'Brien and Lieutenant Dax's notes on to your crew if it'll help," Eddington offered.
On the Aurora Science Lab 2 was the lab set aside for investigating matters of technology, energy, and power generation, and it was here that the brightest minds on the ship had met to go over the data on the Dominion weapons. Coffee was being provided in liberal quantities from the nearest replicators while, around a central holodisplay, Barnes and Scotty were examining footage of the Dominon energy beams striking the USS Odyssey. "It's nae goin' ta be easy," Scotty mumbled. "Wid ye look at the emissions? They cut through the shields like they weren't even there. Ah've never seen a phased energy signature like that before."
"Aye. Polarons, Mister Barnes. Polarons. Nobody has used them like this before. This is very advanced engineering..."
"The problem is going to be setting shields to stop them without sacrificing protection against more conventional weapons," Jarod mused from his seat, checking data readings more directly. "The range any countermeasure is going to have to cover will be enormous."
They were interrupted by the soft "whish" of the main door opening. Julia strode into the room, looking over them in one sweep of her head. "Okay everyone, I know you love to get your brains together to deal with a challenge, but it's approaching 2200 hours. It's time you called it an evening and came back to this tomorrow with fresh minds."
"Someone has to keep you guys from going crazy from sleep deprivation," she pointed out sarcastically. "You can give me a report on what you've found so far in the morning."
The sound of the alert klaxon jolted Zack out of sleep. He slid out of the hard cot in his quarters and reached for his uniform jacket, wondering just what might be happening. Upon arriving at the bridge he found Apley on watch; his XO moved straight to the helm as he took his seat. "What do we have?"
"Jem'Hadar attack ships entered range and have begun active scans with anti-proton beams," Apley reported. Behind them Magda and Sherlily arrived, relieving the junior personnel who were watching their stations.
"Anti-proton beams...?" Zack looked at Magda. "They won't penetrate our cloak, will they? I distinctly remember Cat talking about how anti-anything does bad stuff to normal matter."
"On the other hand, there are other ways to detect the general presence of cloaked ships," Apley pointed out. "They might be looking to confirm we're here."
As always, Apley showed no response to Zack ignoring protocol and using first names. "We come to a stop and cut power. That would eliminate any telltale traces that might seep through our cloak."
Zack nodded, knowing both had good points. This was one of those hard decisions his new job put him in, the kind of decisions he preferred Robert and Julia making. All he wanted to do was fly the Koenig....
"We've got a couple. If you're thinking of hiding I'm not sure it'll... wait." Magda looked back. "I've identified a system, 191 Lambda Seronis on the Federation charts, with a gas giant and asteroid field that give us some hiding spots. If the cloak is letting anything out, we have options for masking it."
Koenig was still invisible to sensors and the naked eye when she came out of warp close to the brown-red hued gas giant of 191 Lambda Seronis. Apley piloted the ship toward one of the poles and brought them to a stop. The indicators on Magda's station showed the Koenig's systems powering down to reduce their energy signature should it be leeching through the cloak somehow.
Moments later three Jem'Hadar vessels came out of warp, assuming a close search pattern. Zack breathed quietly as the indicators showed them getting closer, anti-proton beams lancing out again to try and probe the location of his ship. "If it looks like they spot us, make for the asteroids," he murmured to Apley.
"Until the Brain Trust back on the Aurora can figure out the shield thing, I'm not going to risk it," Zack replied. "Just be ready to pull the trigger if we need it..."
The Jem'Hadar ships drew closer and closer. The holoscreen shifted to show them looming in on the Koenig. Red beams were quietly pulsing from the ships' emitters, the viewer translating the sensor input for the anti-proton beams for their benefit. Zack felt his heart pick up and tried to will it to quiet. The Darglan cloak was great stuff, it'd work...
Suddenly the red beams stopped. The Jem'Hadar ships twisted in space and went to warp, breaths of relief coming from Zack and his bridge crew as their forms elongated. Zack noticed his reflection in the surface of his control panel and the black bags forming on his eyes. So much for sleep with this adrenaline rush... "Magda, keep an eye out for more. Apley, put us back on our patrol route."
Robert woke up to the sound of his personal comm unit going off. He reached over from his bed and hit the reply button. "Dale here," he said softly, rubbing at his eyes.
One of the Gamma Shift officers, Lieutenant Daynara, spoke over the line. "A ship just came through the wormhole and docked with the station, Captain."
"Karemma. They say they've brought someone who went on Sisko's mission into the Gamma Quadrant back. Commander Eddington has already been alerted and has asked you to join him."
They chose to have the meeting in the security office. Meridina was seated in Constable Odo's usual seat, Commander Eddington and Robert flanking her. The figure in question gave a toothy smile at them and looked like he was used to the seat he was in.
"I hope you understand that I have to check up on my business, can we make this quick?", Quark asked.
"We need to know how Commander Sisko's mission is going," Eddington said. "And why you're back so soon."
"Our negotiations with the Karemma were a success," Quark answered. "They provided Commander Sisko with information on how to make contact with the Founders. As for my return... I've got a business to run and I didn't feel like charging into hostile space with Odo as my roommate."
"The Karemma only have one contact with the Dominion, a subspace relay in the Callinon system." Quark shrugged and let out an awkward-sounding cackle. "That's all I can say, really. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go make sure my idiot brother didn't ruin my business."
Quark got up and almost reached the door when Meridina raised her head. "I should point out, sir, that you will need to pay a customs due on the cargo you brought over from the Karemma vessel. The Bajoran tariff laws are quite clear."
Robert noticed the bemused look on Eddington and the sudden irritation coming from Quark. "I remembered, I just wanted to settle back in first," Quark assured them.
"Of course," Meridina remarked, a thin and friendly smile on her face. "I simply thought it best to remind you should it slip your mind."
"Thank you very much," Quark said, a fake smile on his face and the insincerity oozing. He went straight for the door.
"Well, we're no better off than we were before," Eddington sighed. "We still have no idea of how the Commander's mission is going."
"For the time being we'll just have to stay alert." Robert folded his arms. "I'll get back to the Aurora and make sure our next probe relays the new information to the Koenig. Zack may be able to investigate this Callinon system if it's not too far from the wormhole."
Caterina was using her bridge watch well; while she kept an eye on sensors most of her attention was on using the Aurora's varied sensor systems to scan the Bajoran Wormhole. The Darglan systems on the Aurora had already given her insights into the wormhole's stability and function, but trying to get rid of it...
She looked behind her to see Locarno standing behind her. With Robert speaking with Admiral Maran and Julia riding herd on the other brainy types, Locarno was taking the morning bridge watch instead of manning the helm as usual. He didn't look the most comfortable with the work, something she supposed came from his past with Starfleet. "The wormhole," Cat replied. "Look at it! Look at the neutrino plumes and subspace waves and.... it's beautiful."
"And it's a bridge that could let a nasty race of soldiers invade the Alpha Quadrant," Locarno reminded her.
Locarno let out a forlorn sigh. "Lieutenant, sometimes it's best to just focus on what you've been ordered to do."
That, at least, was Lucy's view after she jolted her hand back, the shock still crackling through it. The habitat ring conduit still blinked in a way that showed it was defying her attempts to repair it. These Cardassians are lousy designers, was the next thought in her head, followed with admiration that someone had managed to mix the better Federation technology in and make the entire blasted mess work.
With her fingers still numb, Lucy reached over for her comm. "Lucero to Ops," she said, and at least the comm systems had successfully picked up her comm and the others from the Aurora crew helping out. "This conduit is completely out, everything I've tried has failed."
"That area is uninhabited, so don't worry too much about it," one of the station's engineers answered. She didn't know the Bajoran man's name yet. "A little odd that it went down like that though..."
"The Cardassians can't build for crap," Lucy muttered. "I'll head on to the crossover, one of my people is having trouble with the turbolift maintenance there."
Lucy rubbed her hand a little and slammed the conduit shut. After she did so she gave a quick glance around her. Something felt.... off. "Is somebody there?", she asked aloud. She heard no reply, but there was a... sense in her head, as if she might be in danger. Damned Cardassian station and its poor lighting.... Figuring the dark corridors were just making her jittery, Lucy pressed on in the other direction.
Admittedly, she did so with a bit of a spring in her step, as her hindbrain continued to scream at her to get away.
"....so we had another attempted break-in on the station's material stores." One of the Bajoran deputies was reading from a PADD while Meridina and her assistant chief of security listened quietly. Like Meridina, Lieutenant Parga Draynal was from N2S7; a male Dorei of teal complexion and purple spotting from the temperate rainforests of Jamara on Doreia, he was the professional service officer in contrast to Meridina being a swevyra'rase of Gersal. Meridina had as much a rapport with him as she could manage given his mental reserve, and she knew he was not keen at all on their commanding officers. He merely needs time to see their potential. Though Meridina was aware of other... considerations that she and her other superiors had toward the command crew of the Aurora. Would he understand the significance of their coming? Would he be able to believe in the Coming Dawn?
"I doubt it, sir," the deputy answered. "I think we might have people looking to stockpile materials in case of a Dominion attack."
"They act out of fear," Meridina murmured. She could feel that emotion permeate the entire station with her senses, both her mental abilities and the life force powers she had use of. "We need to be as reassuring as possible, but to be safe, we shall double the guard. Lieutenant, see who we can get from our staff on the Aurora."
Meridina watched both of them leave the security office and began to ponder.... just where was this feeling of portent coming from? Was it forboding or was it the universe trying to tell her something through her connection to it? Regardless, she would have to be on guard.
Ship's Log: 14 January 2641; ASV Koenig. Commander Zachary Carrey recording. The Koenig is currently half a parsec from the Callinon System, where we've found fresh Jem'Hadar warp trails but nothing else, so I've ordered the ship back to our patrol route.
We're on our third day in the Gamma Quadrant and so far there has been no activity in the vicinity of the wormhole. The Jem'Hadar patrols that were in the area seem to have fallen back for the moment. I'd like to think this was a good sign and we won't be dodging patrols and wondering if their anti-proton scans can find us, but instead.... this doesn't seem right. Something is going on with the Dominion, and I'm not going to rest easy until we either hear from Commander Sisko's mission or I'm back on the right side of the wormhole.
The Koenig was essentially a set of powerful phaser cannons strapped to a set of engines; while it meant she could punch above her weight against "normal" starships, it also meant there was very little for the crew of the ship in terms of creature comforts. No holodecks, no arboretums, no libraries, there was only one's personal computer hookup in whatever bunk area they were assigned and the crew mess area. Carlton Farmer had made it clear that the ship was never meant to stay out for too long on its own but would need to remain based elsewhere.
With nothing else to do, the crew generally chatted in the mess, and Zack was not one to play the distant commander. He ate with them and shared jokes and commentary, as was occurring now. With Derbely on the other side of the table and a couple of FedStar crew further down, Zack was enjoying what passed for food from the ship's no-frills replicators and talking about some of the early space combats they'd seen in the Koenig.
"That's up to Admiral Maran," Zack mused. "I hope it's not much longer, but until we know more about what happened to Sisko..."
"And if he got these buggers to be peaceful or not," the other crewman asked, with a clear Australian accent. Or Australian-like anyway.
"Yeah." Zack took a bite from a chicken sandwhich. "I know it sucks. When we get back I'm going to gripe at Captain Dale and Commander Andreys to let you guys have the run of a few holodecks for a few days, if we don't stay at DS9 for shore leave. But just hang in there."
The crewmen finished their meal and left, leaving Zack with Derbely. "So, just between you and me," she murmured, "what do you think is going to happen?"
"Can't tell you anything more than I told them," Zack remarked. "Yeah, I'm not BSing anyone on this ship. Not the way I want to do things."
"Sometimes it can be better for morale if you hold back things, sir," Derbely pointed out. "Don't make things seem too bad, I mean."
"If I have to play macho and make people think things are in control when they're not.... I'll deal with it when it comes. But we're all in this together." Zack took another bite. "So you and Apley.... I can remember ferrying Ambassadors Morrison and Sriroj back before the Alliance talks. It always seemed that you Colonials and the Sol Republic people can't be in the same room without fussing."
Derbely smirked at that. "We believe in freedom ahead of everything. Sol types think that only political freedom matters and that the government should play nursemaid to people. And they're more than willing to insist we do the same and talk about how our lower classes need to be 'liberated' when we snub them."
"And they say you Colonials are a bunch of anarchists in thrall to cutthroat robber barons who leave the working class to starve while exploiting them ruthlessly." Zack smirked. "My Dad usually sounds like your side, but Mom always thought things like food stamps and social services were good for people."
Derbely smirked. "Between you and me, sir? I'd agree with your Mom. Just because I'm from the Free Colonies doesn't mean I think everything in our worlds is grand and the Sols are entirely wrong."
There was a tone from his comm. Zack reached his right hand over to press the comm where it was attached to his left wrist's comp device. "Carrey here."
Zack's expression darkened. "Sisko's ship." He stood up, ignoring his unfinished sandwhich and chips. "I'm on my way to the bridge now. Triangulate it as best as you can and have a course ready."
"I'm on my way to Engineering," Derbely pronounced, not waiting for any specific orders to do so. Zack nodded at her and led her to the door. He made his way to the turbolift and called out, "Deck 1". Seconds later the lift opened and admitted him to the small corridor that held the door to his ready room and to the bridge beyond. When he stepped out onto the bridge Apley left the command chair and took the helm. "Course laid in."
"Punch it." Zack settled into his command chair and watched the viewscreen shift to show the elongated streaks of light that signified warp flight. "Time?"
A display of the Aurora and the machinery of her deflector shield systems was prominent in Science Lab 2. The generators went from green to yellow to red under a simulated timer, leading to an exasperated growl from Barnes. "Ah tried tellin' ye," Scotty sighed. "The power output ye're tryin' tae push through the generators is too much. They cannae take the strain."
"I'm waiting to hear better solutions." Barnes tapped his screen and reset the sim. "Because right now this is our only idea that works. Even if we only have to run it a little while..."
Jarod let out a groan from where he was seated. The two engineers turned. "Any luck, Mister Jarod?", Scotty asked.
"None," he grumbled. "The sims show my shield modulation won't hold. The Dominion beam weapons will still go through."
"Dammit," Barnes mumbled. He altered a few settings and ran another sim. Again the generators turned yellow and then red... but somewhat slower. "See that, Scotty? I trimmed the power flow a little. The shields still have coherence up until the generators go out."
"Ye're still nae goin' tae get more than half an hour, at most," Scotty pointed out. "To make this work for longer we wud have tae build an entire new set o' generators."
"Half of an hour with shields that work is better than unlimited time with shields that don't do crap," Barnes pointed out.
Scotty drew in a sigh. "Aye, he does. Go ahead an' implement it, Tom. But make sure the Captain understands the risks."
"I will, don't worry. I don't look forward to having to rebuild the generators either, if it comes to that."
All it had taken was one lecherous look from the Ferengi bartender for Lucy to decide to dine with the Starfleeters in the Replimat instead. She replicated an enchilada with salsa con queso. chicken, rice, and beans and found a seat. Sadly the taste was atrocious compared to what her mother used to cook, but it was the best to be had right now.
At first she was dining alone, but soon enough Meridina was sitting opposite from her, a plate of some kind of Gersallian salad before her. "That's right, you don't eat meat, do you?", Lucy asked.
"The members of my Order stick to plant-based foods, yes," Meridina remarked. "But I will not take offense to your meal containing meat. It is a personal choice."
Lucy nodded in understanding. "So how are you faring with trying to keep security on this craptastic station?"
Meridina showed only the faintest of smiles at Lucy's choice of words, having gotten used to such in her months on the Aurora. "It has been something of a challenge. I think the Bajorans especially show some resentment and would prefer their security people being in charge, but they acknowledge that my place is only temporary, until Constable Odo is back on duty."
"All I know is that I'm going to buy a drink for Chief O'Brien. The man is a genius to get this place running as well as it is," Lucy muttered. She still felt an involuntary shiver from that conduit in the habitat ring. Looking back she felt like she had narrowly avoided being killed.
"Oh, just this gloomy Cardassian station and its dark hallways. I was trying to fix some conduit in an uninhabited area of the habitat ring and it got to me." Lucy felt another shiver from thinking of this place. "I felt like every fiber of my soul was demanding I get out of that area pronto."
Meridina did not react immediately, but she clearly took some interest in this. "Perhaps I should patrol this section then."
"It's really not necessary, Meridina, it's just that this place feels gloomy and oppressive and it gave me the jitters."
"Indeed." Meridina couldn't argue with that. When checking the cells she'd felt enormously troubled. Her swevyra had led her to feel the terror of the various prisoners who had been held there before, in the Cardassians' time controlling the station and Bajor itself. But while she had a strong swevyra, she knew from personal experience that all other life forms had some. For Lucy to feel this way with her own swevyra being so undeveloped.... yes, something seemed rather wrong. She'd have to take it up with Eddington.
"Anyway, that's just the tip of the iceberg," Lucy continued. "This station is a testament to the Cardassians' cheapness and it's a damned wonder the place has stayed intact."
"Never underestimate the capabilities of others in sustaining these places when it has become their home. The power of life permits such to happen very easily." Meridina finished a bite of her food. "I would be interested in checking out this area of the habitat ring if you would..."
Meridina's comm beeped, prompting her to reach over and press it. "Commander Meridina speaking," she said quietly.
It was Eddington on the other end. "Commander, I'd like to see you in Ops soon, I have to finalize a report to Starfleet Command and I'd like your input on the security situation."
"Commander Eddington is fairly self-absorbed, yes. But that is his way. I do sometimes feel like he is being deceptive towards us."
"It's more than that," Meridina insisted. "I should be going. I will meet with you later, Lucilla. Good luck with your work."
A table over from Lucy and Meridina, Ensign Kyle Liton from Aurora's security teams overheard their exchange. A spooky area of the station? He'd seen enough like that already, but maybe it'd look good if he took some initiative and checked the area up? Just in case? Commander Meridina and Lieutenant Draynal might put a good mark on his record for that. "Excuse me," he called out to Lucy. "Lieutenant? I overheard you talking about something wrong in the habitat ring...."
The crew on duty on the Aurora bridge was a mix and match of the main command staff and their backups. Cat, Angel, and Locarno were in their usual places but with Jarod and Barnes off working with Scotty on the shielding issue, their replacements were at their stations instead; Lieutenant (j.g.) Shen Xiao-Li at Engineering and Lieutenant Rapa Jupap, a bronze-feathered Alakin, at Operations. Robert was looking over a report from Meridina on DS9 while Julia devoted her attention to the goings-on of the bridge.
On the viewscreen the Rhine blossomed open again. "We have a signal from Lieutenant Lawson," Rapa chirped. "The Koenig picked up a distress signal from the Defiant and is moving to investigate."
That got everyone's full attention. Robert ordered, "Put me on" and, when that was confirmed, he spoke to Jack Lawson directly. "Jack, take the Rhine back through and let me know the moment we get any update from the Koenig."
Julia beat Robert to the next order. "Get a crew for the Susquehanna. We'll leave the Rhine on the other end so Zack can keep constant contact with someone."
"Good thinking." Robert nodded. "And get Lieutenant Commander Laurent to check up on his pilots. If we end up going in, we're going to need the fighter support."
"Keep an eye out for anything, Magda." Zack watched the ship drop from warp on the screen. Apley's piloting was exact, bringing them right up to....
Nothing. The screen didn't show a ship at all, just a buoy of some sort. "Does it match Federation markings?"
There wa sa burst of ruby energy from the tip of the buoy. The resulting eruption of light became a sphere that blazed across the void. Apley tried to fire the warp systems but they were too late; the field struck the Koenig. It didn't rock hard, but Magda was quick to report on what had happened. "That was some of energy burst, our cloaking field is down!"
"Bridge!" Derbely's voice was taut with restrained worry. "Whatever that was, it's knocked the warp drive offline! I'm trying to get it it going again, but it's going to take me at least ten minutes!"
"Very...." Magda saw lights appear on her board. "And we've got Jem'Hadar ships on sensors. Reading three of them."
Zack barely shifted in his command chair, biting slightly into his lip. They couldn't run and they couldn't hide, so that left....yeah. Watching on the screen as the Jem'Hadar ships bore down on the Koenig, Zack felt a rush of excitement at the impending combat. "Time to show them what she's got! Target the lead vessel and fire!" Zack gripped his chair arms tightly. "Apley, Attack Plan Bravo, now!"
Under Apley's piloting the Koenig began a three-dimensional zig-zag approach of the oncoming Jem'Hadar, including a couple of twists to avoid their fire as the first beams of purplish-white energy erupted from the prows of the bug-like Jem'Hadar ships. The first shots missed, as did April Sherlily's, but the second.... Zack tried not to grin as a full barrage from the Koenig's forward weapons battered the shields on the enemy ship until they collapsed, upon which the followup blasts blasted huge chunks out of the ship until it exploded in a fireball.
The other two ships retorted immediately, and this time Apley couildn't keep them from hitting. The ship rocked violently under them. "Armor is holding, but we took concussion damage to sections of Deck 2," Magda reported.
"Yeah, shield-percing," Zack mumbled. That put them at a distinct advantage, even if he'd gotten in the first hit through being aggressive. "Evasive maneuvers, Apley. Try to give April good shots without opening us up for them."
The Koenig twisted and turned and shifted around under Apley's control, maneuvers that kept another direct hit from landing on them but allowed several glancing strikes that further degraded their armor. Aplehy couldn't give April a good shot at either of the remaining Jem'Hadar since that would open them up to be hit by the other. This fight isn't in our favor, not when we're literally wasting energy with our shields.... Suddenly Zack had to smile. He smacked the button to open a comm line to Engineeirng. "Derbely! Change of plans!"
"Divert all power from the shields into the engines and weapons and the SIF and IDF, leave only enough to block beaming. I need every volt you can give me!"
Derbely was quiet for a moment, even as Zack realized he'd probably got the unit wrong. Data-infusion or not, he couldn't remember everything. "Diverting every joule, sir," she finally answered.
The Koenig's maneuvering became tighter and her acceleration picked up. "Apley, make it look like we're breaking away to try to run! Full impulse! And get ready for a whiparound!"
Under Apley's precise control the Koenig broke off from the fight. The Jem'Hadar put their engines to full in trying to keep up with the overpowered engines on the Koenig. "Showing stress in the impulsors, Commander, we can't keep this up...." Derbely's voice was tight with warning.
The Jem'Hadar in pursuit were firing into their aft, scoring armor from the ship where Apley couldn't make them miss entirely. "Steady... steady..." Zack felt sweat on his forehead as he looked at the display and the distances. "....now!"
With extra power in the ship's structural support field and inertial dampeners, the Koenig twisted in space harder than even Zack had ever pushed it before. Power flowed into the phasers as Apley lined up the shot for April. She hit her trigger.
Bursts of intense phaser fire erupted from the Koenig's forward emitters. With the extra power the cannons' capacitors recharged more quickly than usual, allowing April to bring the rate of fire up without reducing power in each burst. The Jem'Hadar didn't react in time, plowing their ships straight into the intense barrage. The ship in the lead was torn apart under the barrage and the vessel behind it had its shield stripped away. Another shot erupted from its bow, slicing into Koenig's armor, but April had already triggered the torpedo launchers. The twin torpedoes, looking like sparks of blue-white light, hit the unshielded Jem'Hadar ship straight on. The naqia warheads detonated and the Jem'Hadar ship was blasted apart.
Magda nodded and operated her panel. Zack felt his heart sink when he heard the familiar longer chime that said a command wasn't going through. "I can't raise anyone on subspace. There's some kind of large scale jamming effect in the area."
I knew they were up to something. Now I have to figure out what this trap was set for.... "Keep an eye out for more attackers then, and let me know the instant we can get a message through." Zack pressed the intercom key for the entire ship. "This is Commander Carrey. We're remaining at combat alert for the time being. I need all trained personnel assisting Chief Derbely in getting our cloak and warp drives back up. We need to hustle everyone." Having said that, he stood up.
"Tom used to drag me into Engineering on the Kelley to make me help him. I'm not an engineer, but I at least know some of the tools and what bolts to put in. I'm going to lend a hand to the repair teams." Zack flashed him a knowing grin. "I did say all trained personnel, after all." With that said he left the bridge.
"No folly is more costly than the folly of intolerant idealism." - Sir Winston L. S. Churchill, Princips Britannia
American Conservatism is about the exercise of personal responsibility without state interference in the lives of the citizenry..... unless, of course, it involves using the bludgeon of state power to suppress things Conservatives do not like.
Robert forced himself to take a breath as Lieutenant Pagagd made his report. "So there's been no contact since Koenig arrived at the distress signal source?"
The Alakin lieutenant flying the Susquehanna moved his head in a fashion similar to the headshake. "Nothing. We can't tell if the signal was terminated at the source or if there is some form of interference."
"Not from a runabout." Robert looked to Julia, who could see what he was thinking. "The Aurora might be able to find out."
"If Zack stumbled into something, we need to know. He might have been spotted by an invasion fleet, for all we know."
"Signal DS9, tell Eddington we're going through to investigate what's going on, and get our people beamed back over ASAP," Robert ordered Jupap at Ops. "Julia?"
Zack leaned over the accessway where one of his engineers, a Dorei man, was working to restore warp power. "Sure you don't need that hyperspanner?"
Zack sighed and stood up fully. He looked over and saw Derbely was looking at him intently. Not just intently, but with irritation. He walked up to her. "Chief! Anything you can use me for? I want to help."
"Oh, I've got just the job for you. Over here, sir." Derbely led him to a corner of engineering by the port accessway, and as Zack followed her he realized they were quite far from the rest of the crew. "Commander... honestly, I appreciate the thought, but with all due respect.... go back to the bridge and do your job."
"All you're doing is making my people nervous," she continued. "You might see yourself as just another crew member and want to be all nice and friendly with them, and that's your perogative in the mess or in the ship's halls, but in this situation? Stop trying to be their buddy helping them out! You are their commander. They don't want you hovering over their shoulder, looking like you don't trust us to get the ship repaired. They want you on the bridge, in control of the situation, and out of their hair."
Zack opened his mouth, a protest about to come out. But he stopped at the last moment. "I.... I didn't realize...."
"Of course you didn't. You're not an academy trained officer, you didn't learn this stuff. You made your way as... what, a freedom fighter?"
"It's different in a service," Derbely continued. "You're here because you've got potential, or at least that's what the higher ups believe. Hell, I do too. But you've got to learn your place here. You're not just another guy on the crew who can do whatever is needed whenever, you're the CO, the commander of this ship. So go command, Zachary, and leave Engineering in my hands. I'd at least like to think I'm damn good at this."
At that Zack had to chuckle lowly and nod. "Yeah, you are. Thanks for the pep talk. I'll head back up."
She watched him disappear around the corner and let out a sigh of relief. Returning to Engineering, she let out a loud, "Alright, everyone, let's get to it. The Commander needs that warp drive up and now! Payao, Dawson, Hackett, I want you on that starboard coupling, Mayai and Whitcomb...."
The wormhole blossomed open and admitted the Aurora to the Gamma Quadrant. On the bridge Robert listened as Julia gave orders to the Rhine and Susquehanna to maintain their current missions and keep Eddington informed of what was going on. "What do you have on long range sensors, Cat?", Julia asked.
Caterina looked over her displays. "Looking... wow. Major distortions in subspace, it looks like a jamming field. This is... I mean, they must have dedicated reactors and emitters hooked up on half the star systems in this sector to power this kind of field..."
"Then we have to find the Koenig and see what they've found." Robert looked over at Julia. "Agreed?"
"I know, Julie. But we're already on the firing line out here, and we need to find out what's going on. Locarno?"
"I have a course laid in for Koenig's last known position," Locarno said. "At maximum warp it's still about five hours out."
"Engage when ready, Mister Locarno." Robert tried to hide his nervousness. This was not in the letter of their orders, but he had nothing else with which to investigate. "All hands, Code Red." As alert klaxons went off around the ship, sending the vessel's nineteen hundred crew to battle stations.
"We have warp power," Derbely announced triumphantly over the intercom, reducing the tension on the bridge of the Koenig.
"I'll remind you, sir, that three such ships blew the hell out of a Galaxy-class starship just a few months ago," Magda reminded him.
"Yeah, but... shouldn't they have gone for a bit more? To make sure they could destroy or board us?" Zack shook his head. "No, something doesn't feel...." His eyes widened. "They needed us for another trap. We're the bait. Apley, get me a course...."
Zack nodded. "On screen." When the screen shifted to show the approaching ship, he had to smile. "About damn time."
On the bridge of the Aurora everyone was working quietly while Jarod continued to actively scan and call out to the Koenig. "The jamming is still pervasive across the sector. They must have facilities at half of the sector's star systems to power this field."
"Either way, we can't take chances. Be ready for anything." Robert looked over to Barnes. "Tom, did anything get decided on the shields?"
"Scotty and I think we have a way to deal with the polaron beams so we can keep them from going through the shields," Barnes answered. "But there's no way to tell for sure, and the power we're going to have to draw will burn out the shield generators in less than half an hour."
"Then let's hope it doesn't come to that." Robert settled his hands on the arms of the chair and tried to keep his heart steady. "Bring us out of warp when we come up on the signature."
The Aurora slowed from warp travel on the outskirts of a star system with at least one Jupiter-sized gas giant and another over half again as large. "I'm not able to get an exact fix on the Koenig," Jarod informed them. "Cat?"
"That star puts out a lot of background radiation," Caterina said. "It's making it hard for me to get scans of the area."
The ship suddenly rocked violently. The Jem'Hadar warships loomed on the holo-viewscreen, coming out of a warp jump with weapons blazing. Spears of purplish-white light struck at the engine nacelles of the Aurora, going right through their normal shielding like it wasn't there. The armoring on the exposed nacelles absorbed some of the blow, but an indicator on Barnes' screen went red. "Upper port nacelle just took a direct hit to the plasma chamber, we're leaking plas...."
A Jem'Hadar ship suddenly exploded, blown away by the bow-mounted pulse plasma cannons under Angel's aim. The turreted pulse phasers and the phaser strips lashed out at the ship's attackers, draining and battering shields at all successful hits. But nevertheless the ship rocked violently once more as a Jem'Hadar beam struck the stream of plasma coming from the damaged nacelle. The excited plasma transferred the weapon's energy straight into the nacelle, where an internal explosion went off and knocked it out completely. "Warp drive is offline!", Locarno shouted.
The rocking of the ship subsided and the shields began to take on a purplish hue, making them visible.
"It's working, but the shield generators are showing strain," Barnes warned. "I'm not sure how much longer we can keep this up."
"It'd better be for a while," Caterina warned. "There are more Jem'Hadar ships coming in from the inner system. I'm picking up about fourteen all around."
Angel flashed a merciless grin, having just put a solar torpedo into one of the Jem'Hadar attack ships weakened by the ship's weapons.
"Let's use the time of immunity we have. Locarno, switch to attack maneuvers, give Angel all of the shots you can." Robert hit the intercom. "Scotty, we need warp, now."
"Ye cannae expect me tae break them all easily, now can ye? Give me as much time as ye can, Ah'll get warp power back!"
Robert bit into his lip. "The fighters' shields will be just a useless, and we will need to run in a hurry anyway. I'll only release the fighters as a last resort."
The Aurora moved quickly for a ship of its size. The smaller Jem'Hadar ships, the same type of attack vessels that had destroyed the U.S.S Odyssey, tried to stay to the sides and away from the deadly bow and aft cannons that had already destroyed one of their number in a single barrage. But even on the sides they had to contend with the pulse phasers and phaser strips, and said weapons were taking their toll.
But there was a larger vessel present, a wide gray shape with its purple-hued nacelles held away and down from the ship. It remained away from the Aurora, and more importantly, its shields were suspiciously down.
Scotty was giving orders when he heard an unfamiliar sound, at least somewhat unfamiliar... even if he quickly realized what was going on. "Computer, seal off Main Engineering Control!", he shouted, forcefields popping into place to lock him and about ten other engineers in place.
The Jem'Hadar were about the ugliest aliens Scotty had ever seen. Their scaly, horned visages were stolid and terrifying as they finished materializing and began to shoot at the engineers. One fired right at him and Scotty almost flinched even as the bolt, one that would have blasted him in the neck otherwise, dissipated against the forcefield. The Jem'Hadar who shot at him snarled and motioned to the others to secure Engineering. "Bridge, we have boarders!", Scotty shouted into the intercom.
A second was all Angel had needed. After confirming automatic fire control she pulled her Darglan-made energy pistol from the holster on her right hip and brought it up toward the nearest column of white light. As soon as the Jem'Hadar materialized she fired, sending a blue pulse into his torso that brought him down. She fired again at the next target and got him too, but the third got out of the way just in time.
Julia sprang to her feet. At the range her pulse pistol was more liability than asset; instead it was her foot doing the damage, a snap kick to one Jem'Hadar's throat that, despite its own fleshy armor, did enough damage to stun the alien. Julia followed that up with a punch to its cheek that sent pain down her arm as well, but which allowed her to get the leverage to grip the Jem'Hadar's firearm and force it toward his fellows. A shot went off and killed one Jem'Hadar aiming for Locarno while the following shots went wide.
Not to be outdone, Robert leapt from his chair and tackled the nearest one as soon as he materialized. His punch had the misfortune of striking the horns on the edge of his foe's cheek ridge, tearing flesh from his knuckles and drawing blood. His second punch streaked crimson fluid over the Jem'Hadar's cheek, whipping it to the side. Weapons fire went off overhead, but he was entirely focused on this Jem'Hadar as its gloved hands gripped his throat. His chest heaved, demanding air, and he threw another punch. When this didn't work, Robert reached desperately for his holster. He felt his vision begin to black out and felt like his windpipe was going to be permanently crushed regardless.
He brought his pistol up to the chin of the Jem'Hadar and pulled the trigger, sending an energy pulse into his skull and killing the alien instantly. The Jem'Hadar's hands went slack and allowed him to pull free. He sucked in air greedily and rolled over.
Angel put another pulse into a Jem'Hadar trying to shoot Julia and turned to see one bringing a blade up at her sister. "Cat!" Before she could shoot, Cat twisted in her chair and grabbed the Jem'Hadar's arm before the polearm could be brought down on her. She wasn't nearly strong enough to hold him, but it did let her bring up her other hand and shoot her own sidearm point-blank into his throat. The Jem'Hadar toppled over onto Cat's panel and then to the floor.
Before Angel could shout a congratulations, a bolt of energy crashed into Cat's shoulder and sent her flying.
Jarod's shouted warning had come a moment too late. Despite some desperate struggles in his time he had never really been a fighter, and it showed as the Jem'Hadar almost shrugged him off before shooting at Caterina; only Jarod's arm pulling on the Jem'Hadar kept the blast from hitting her square in the torso. "Cat!", he screamed, and with renewed desperation he drove his fist into the Jem'Hadar's neck as hard as he could. The alien grabbed him by the chest and threw him away, but was then struck in the side by one of his fellows.
Julia had thrown the Jem'Hadar away to get him off Locarno. She went to go for her gun when she heard Robert cry "Behind you!" and moved... which prevented her from getting impaled by a polearm weapon. It still ripped across her side, tearing fabric and flesh and drawing blood, and she cried out as she stumbled against the conn. She turned and grabbed the polearm below the blade, preventing the Jem'Hadar from driving it into her skull. The alien was strong, too strong, and her arm muscles protested as the blade drew closer.
At about that moment, a shriek of rage filled the bridge. Angel came out from behind tactical with an expression twisted by fury. Her pistol went off, striking the Jem'Hadar trying to kill Julia, and then it claimed the Jem'Hadar that had shot Cat and attacked Jarod. The second to last Jem'Hadar went down to a shot from Barnes, who finally looked up from his station.
The last turned from the slain body of one of the bridge backup officers and leveled his gun at Angel. A bolt of energy went past her and struck the Jem'Hadar in the forehead, killing him instantly.
Having taken the shot, Robert pulled himself back up, having finally regained his breath. "Tom, what happened?", he barked hoarsely.
"That's the damned problem with modifying the Goddamned shields to block specific crap, sometimes it doesn't Goddamn cover the other bands very well," he replied angrily. "They were able to beam through the modified shields."
"Can we block it?" Robert looked around. Angel and Jarod were tending to Caterina and Julia, despite her own bleeding wound, was checking the other officer and verifying he was dead. Damn. I didn't even know that guy's name, Robert thought at seeing the still body on the floor by Secondary Tactical.
"I'm trying to put up a Goddamned magnetic field with the tertiary generators, hopefully the bastard will work or we'll be up to our necks in those Goddamned hornheads!"
Julia fell back into her seat. Blood was soaking her trousers now and she looked like she was going a little white, but for the moment she seemed determined to ignore the wound. "They sent boarding parties across the ship. Commander Kane's Marine teams and Meridina's security detachments have swept them from the primary hull areas, but there's still a bunch around Engineering."
Dread seeped into Robert; holding the bridge might be for nothing if Scotty had been overrun. He hit the intercom button. "Engineering. Mister Scott, are you there?! Scotty?!"
"Aye, Ah've got the defense fields up, but these bastards aren't givin' up. We need help down here."
The turbolift opened. Leo ran out, his nurse Nasri and three others with him. "Give me room," he barked at Angel, who was cradling her wounded sister.
Angel did so. And the volume of fire increased as she vented her rage through the firing rate of the ship's weapons.
The Jem'Hadar were busy with a device attached to one of the control stations outside the sealed off area Scotty's defenses had created. They're tryin' tae get intae the interuniversal drive schematics and systems!, he realized, seeing how their hacking device was operating. He relayed the information through the ship's systems to Jarod, knowing the savant Pretender was better at dealing with computer threats than he was. Instead he was throwing his efforts into setting up internal systems to jam any data links the Jem'Hadar had outside the ship, preventing them from transferring any stolen data. He glanced at the shield readings; the generators were starting to become overstrained repelling not just the full force of the Jem'Hadar ships' attacks but maintaining the particle flow that kept the shields from being pierced by the polaron beams. And once that field was gone... all the jamming in the world wouldn't keep the Jem'Hadar from simply beaming back to their ship with the data.
The Jem'Hadar seemed to be consolidating themselves in Engineering, as more were showing up in the area on the internal scanners. Scotty watched groups blip out here and there as life signs depicting the security teams and Marines moved in. But he wasn't sure they'd get here quickly enough.
And then one signal went straight down one of the main access corridors toward the Engineering section. In seconds four Jem'Hadar blips winked out. And it kept coming. Who in blazes?
When the life sign arrived, Scotty looked up and recognized the ship's security chief, Commander Meridina. She was wearing light body armor of some sort, hued dark purple, with a blue robe over it, and her rank insignia affixed to the armor's neck area. There was no firearm in either hand, simply a... sword?
Her hand reached out and two Jem'Hadar went flying like they'd been slammed by an aircar. Scotty watched in amazement as she brought her hand up again and, with a hint of effort in her lovely features, sent another pair flying. The other Jem'Hadar all turned toward her and fired, but she had already moved away from her prior position with a speed that looked almost superhuman. Her blade sang in the air and met the shots from their rifles, causing them to ricochet away. One even slammed into another Jem'Hadar, killing him instantly.
With a jump off one of the framing walls for a naqia reactor space, Meridina was suddenly in melee range of most of the remaining Jem'Hadar. As she hit the ground the Jem'Hadar nearest her flew backward, struck by more invisible force, and as for the others... her blade was lethally precise as it sliced through armor and flesh. No movement was wasted, slashes into enemies seeming to pre-empt the attacks of others so she could deflect their shots away and protect herself. When two got out of her sword's range Meridina brought her hand up and sent them flying into the bulkheads.
It seemed like only ten seconds had passed, and every Jem'Hadar in Main Engineering was dead. Meridina looked to him and nodded. "Commander Scott, you are unhurt?"
For a moment he couldn't find his voice. For all he'd seen in his years on the Enterprise, the Multiverse still seemed to find ways to surprise him. "Aye, lass," he finally managed. "Ye've got tae remove their computer device, they're goin' for the IU drive!"
She said nothing and looked to the device they'd fixed to the computer. Meridina brought her hand up and concentrated; the device was torn away from where it had been fixed and flew toward her, allowing her to slice it in half with her blade. This done, Meridina actually fell to a knee and closed her eyes for a moment. "Are ye okay?", Scotty asked.
He nodded.... and then the ship shook violently under them. He looked over in time to see that one of the shield generators had failed.
The Aurora was surrounded, a great beast beset on all sides by lesser creatures trying to pull it down. But she was not going quietly. Under Angel's aim the ship's plentiful arrays and pulse cannons were punishing the Jem'Hadar attack vessels swarming them. Despite her great size she turned with surprising speed, bringing her forward battery to bear on one Jem'Hadar vessel finishing an attack run. The Jem'Hadar pilot tried to get out of the firing arc but was a second too slow; thick bursts of sapphire energy erupted from the bow emitters on the Aurora and blanketed the Jem'Hadar ship, turning it into a white fireball in a second.
"We just lost Primary Generator 2," Barnes informed everyone on the bridge. "Secondary generators are taking extra strain. If we don't swap back to normal configuration soon we're going to lose them all."
Robert looked over at her with concern, seeing she was getting paler. Blood still seeped from her wound despite all attempts to staunch it. "You should get to the medbay," he whispered to her.
The ship rocked again. "Those big ships are hanging off," Angel growled. "And their shields are still down."
"They'll go up the moment we move toward them." Robert put his hands together. "Locarno! Full ahead on the main contacts, I don't care if you have to run the small guys over!"
The Aurora made another turn, her aft plasma cannons firing and blasting another Jem'Hadar attack ship to pieces through its weakened shields. Torpedoes erupted from the aft launcher and caught another Jem'Hadar ship moving to chase while those on the sides, seeking to get in the ship's way and corral them, were given full salvoes from the bow launchers as well as the pulse cannon turrets and phaser strips. One ship, struck several times from the latter, nevertheless got in front of them and looked like it would force them to plow through the ship. Angel was quick on the trigger, blasting the Jem'Hadar ship to nothingness with the pulse plasma cannons.
The cannons rested only a moment before they blazed to lifeagain, their sapphire fury slamming into the freshly-raised shields of one of the Jem'Hadar cruisers. The two ships began to maneuver while the attack ships continued to pour fire into Aurora, having it returned by the amidships' weapon emplacements. One Jem'Hadar ship burst into flames as its shields failed.
The big ships engaged fully now, their beam weapons slamming into Aurora's modified bow shields. The ship shook violently under the barrage. "Primary Generator 6 is out!", Barnes shouted. "The strain on the secondaries is burning them out, swapping to tertiary!"
Robert looked back to the holoscreen and saw another barrage from the forward cannons continue to strip the shielding from one of the cruisers. A spread of solar torpedoes began impacting on the same shields, but the last met nothing before it slammed into the bow of the Jem'Hadar ship. The explosion blasted out entire sections of the enemy's ship along the bow, but it didn't kill it. As fire from the other bow-facing weapon emplacements converged on the cruiser, some lashing out instead at the second cruiser, both fired torpedoes of their own. White drive fields covered the projectiles as they moved across the distance, being met halfway by the point-defense particle interceptors. Bursts of blue energy hit the torpedoes and detonated some.
The Aurora shuddered once more, the violence of the rocking growing until the unmanned ship status console on the bridge rear even went off with a shower of sparks from feedback in the system. Red indicators appeared on Barnes' display. "Primary 3 is out! Rob, the strain on the secondaries is too much! I need to trigger the shields back to normal or we're losing the entire system!"
And then they can beam in at will. Robert switched the intercom over to Engineering. "Scotty! We need warp power now!"
Robert cursed under his breath as the ship rocked hard. There was real panic in Barnes' voice when he spoke again. "Rob! It's got to be now! I've done all I can, the shielding system is on the verge of overload!"
Given the ship's size and despite its agility, Robert wasn't sure it'd be enough. The rocking underneath him got worse and Jarod was quick to confirm that the Dominion weapons were ignoring their normal shield setting. "We're taking damage on multiple decks in the forward hull.. Starboard scoring..."
"I'm trying dammit." There was clear frustration on her face; for all her shots were effective, it was clear that they might not be enough. This was punctuated when beams from the cruisers sliced into their forward hull. As the ship continued to shift beneath them, Angel bellowed, "I've lost Turret D in the fore section!"
Robert felt his gut twist with dread, anticipating the Dominion was bringing in fresh reinforcements to put them down for good.
Pulse phaser fire converged on the aft of the Dominion cruiser, and with its shields focused on the bow to deal with the Aurora's punishing weaponry there was little to stop the bursts of amber energy from blasting into hull. Blue and blue-white energy fields heralded the firing of torpedoes that slammed into these wounds. The Dominion warship disappeared in a burst of white energy from its aft.
On the bridge of the Koenig, Zack Carrey let out a war whoop into the open comms. "We got 'em!" He grinned and looked to one partition on his viewscreen.
Commander Benjamin Sisko had his own thin smile from the bridge on the U.S.S. Defiant. "I'll go right, you go left."
The Koenig and the Defiant split away from the scattering debris of the dead cruiser and went after the attack ships harrying the Aurora on each side. Amber energy punished the Jem'Hadar from all sides and solar and quantum torpedoes were fatal once their shields were compromised. The attack ships began to pull away, regrouping and dealing with the new threats that had appeared.
This left the surviving cruiser to face the full fury of the Aurora. Its beams scored more hits on the Aurora's armored hull, sending gouts of flame and debris erupting in two points where it penetrated the armor and breached the hull. The Aurora retorted with a fresh barrage of thick sapphire bursts from its six forward pulse cannons. The shields on the Jem'Hadar cruiser were already slightly weakened from the ongoing battle; facing this firepower for the first time they began to flicker. Phaser beams and pulses played over them from the Aurora's plethora of bow-facing armament. On the bridge Angel allowed herself a feral smile as she fired both bow launchers with full torpedo spreads. The pulse plasma cannons thundered again, weakening the cruiser's shields further, and the torpedoes slammed into those shields until they finally buckled. The Aurora's weapons began to draw blood as well, creating its own plumes of fire along the dark gray hull of the Jem'Hadar ship. The capital phaser arrays were retargeted under Angel's control; the Aurora quickly returned the favor from the beginning of the battle by slicing into the Jem'Hadar cruiser's warp nacelle. After several shots it exploded violently.
The Jem'Hadar attack ships were faring no better. The Jem'Hadar could not get away, and attempts to counterattack led to exposing themselves to the attack of the second ship. One attack ship twisted away from Koenig and moved right into the Defiant's moving firing arc. The Defiant's phasers blew off the ship's starboard nacelle, allowing Koenig to finish it off with a barrage into the crippled vessel's main body.
"Looks like the Aurora crippled that surviving cruiser," Magda reported. "We've only got two contacts left..." Another burst of phaser fire flashed on the screen. "Make that one. It looks like they're breaking away and back toward the Aurora. Wait... I'm reading a surge in the warp drive!"
"They're going to warp-ram the Aurora," Zack realized. He re-opened the comm line to Defiant. "Are you..."
"We're on it," Sisko assured him. On the screen, the Defiant pulled up on the Jem'Hadar ship's rear and let loose with its full weapon complement. The Jem'Hadar ship's shields failed under the onslaught and a torpedo took out its port nacelle. As it shifted to starboard, flame and plasma flowing from its trunucated pylon, Apley lined up the Koenig on the crippled ship. April Sherlily was quick to the trigger; phaser fire converged with that of the Defiant and the Jem'Hadar ship exploded.
"Put me on with the Aurora," Zack ordered Magda. When he saw Robert appear on his screen beisde Sisko, he asked, "Are you alright?"
"We could be better, but it's a good thing you showed up when you did." Robert seemed to shift his view. "Commander Sisko?"
"They made it fairly clear they're not interested in anything but taking over the Alpha Quadrant," Sisko confirmed.
"They've made it pretty damn clear to me. We're moments away from warp power. We're going to be limited to... warp factor 8, according to my engineer, on account of our damaged nacelle. Can the Defiant match it?"
Both disappeared from the screen. Apley brought the Koenig up to the [i}Aurora[/i]'s port, Sisko's ship on the starboard. "Keep an eye out just in case they want round two," Zack said, his grin finally straightening as the exhuberance of the moment faded. "Stand the crew down to Code Yellow."
Jarod checked his displays. "Their shields are collapsed, weapons are offline. They're trying to accelerate toward us but their impulse engines aren't working at full capacity, they can't overtake us at impulse."
"Hopefully..." Robert let the remark trail off. His hand went to the overused Engineering intercom button. "Zack and Commander Sisko got you that time, Scotty."
Robert allowed himself a breath of relief as the familiar thrum of the warp drives engaging filled the bridge. The streak distortions of warp speed appeared on the screen. "Keep up sensor sweeps for more Dominion ships, just in case they're going to come for us again. And get a message to the Rhine as quickly as possible to alert DS9 that the Defiant is with us."
Content that everything was handled, Robert said, "And now for...." and looked over toward Julia. He stopped midsentence when he looked at her.
Julia's eyes were barely open and she was slumped to the right in the chair. Blood was dripping onto the bridge carpet around the arm of her chair; the entire side of the chair and her uniform were soaked with the blood flowing from her wound. Panic swelled inside him and he slammed the intercom again, this time to Transporter Control. "This is Captain Dale, beam Commander Andreys to the medbay now! Emergency intra-ship beam!"
The edge of the Dominion frontier and the relatively open space around the wormhole came up before things had settled enough that Jarod could take the bridge and allow Robert to get to the medbay. Signs of combat appeared along some areas, with walls scorched by energy blasts and some dried blood on the insulation carpet floors, as Robert made his way to the main medbay on Deck 12, just behind the center of the primary hull. The medical staff was still checking on injured crew and he made certain to stay out of their way.
And then there were the beds with the sheets covering their occupants, a grim reminder that he'd lost people. He knew some had joined his mission after being rescued from plantations or labor camps or ghettos, the others had signed up for service in the new Alliance, inspired by the birth of the Multiversal Age that he had played such a crucial role in. They had put their faith in him and he had failed them.
Despite this, those who were awake saluted or nodded or otherwise showed.... support? Understanding? He wanted to apologize but bit it back. It'd sound hollow.
As the doubts of whether he'd made the right decision circulated in his head, Robert made eye contact with Leo. He was finishing up an examination of Caterina, with Angel sitting beside her and holding her hand. Her shoulder looked fine now, though the light bronze skin was now showing through a hole in her uniform. Both sisters looked up at him and nodded. It was a reminder of what else he might have lost.
"She's over here," Leo told him. He led Robert to the bed that Julia was laying on. She was awake, surprisingly, and the wound was closed up. Her features had regained some color. "We're safe?"
"At Warp 8 we're still about eighty minutes out from the wormhole," Robert told her. "But we don't have any Dominion forces on sensors. The Susquehanna already went through and informed DS9 and Admiral Maran of what happened and that we are on our way back."
"I can see it in your eyes. You're blaming yourself." She shook her head. "You can't help blaming yourself each time something like this happens."
"It's part of the job," she reminded him. "It's what we do out here. You should be getting used to it by now."
Julia smiled weakly. "Yeah." She took in a breath. Her green eyes twinkled with mischief. "By the way, sir, as your First Officer I feel compelled to remind you that you have departmental after-action reports to review and sign and your own report and log to write."
That prompted a sigh, even if Robert smiled in the process. "Between the risk of getting blown up and seeing my crew die and all the paperwork, tell me why I do this job again?"
"Not as much as Caterina," he joked, but he couldn't defy what she said. "Get better, Julie. I'll need someone to keep me from skimping on the paperwork."
Ship's Log: 15 January 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. The Aurora and our accompanying vessels have returned to Deep Space Nine without further attacks by the Dominion. Repairs to the ship are proceeding smoothly and we expect to have everything in working order over the next couple of days. Lieutenant Caterina Delgado has already been cleared to return to light duty and I expect Commander Andreys will be ready to resume her post shortly.
We weren't all that lucky. The Aurora crew took ninety-four casualties in the battle, with thirty-eight fatalities. Every Jem'Hadar who boarded was killed in the fighting. Their remains are currently in quarantine and await a final decision by Alliance Command for their disposition.
Despite the losses, I have to admire how the crews of the Aurora and Koenig have come through this incident. This was our first major combat as a crew and we survived it. The Dominion won't forget this black eye very soon.
Robert had gone over everything in his report. His decision to go into the Gamma Quadrant to investigate, his decision to not launch fighters in the attack, his tactical decisions. On his viewscreen Admiral Maran had listened quietly as he took full responsiblity for the losses. The wolf-haired Gersallian admiral waited for him to finish before asking, "And what would you do differently now?"
Robert paused. "Well, sir.... I would have been more circumspect with the approach to the fake power signature. If I had come out of warp outside the system and run a full scan, we might have caught the trap before the Jem'Hadar could warp-jump us."
"A more cautious approach, though given the nature of the trap I think the Dominion would have found a counter." Maran drew in a sigh. "Robert..." His switch to Dale's first name indicated he was switching to the mentor role, not the superior officer. "I've gone over your report and Commander Andreys' and Commander Carrey's. You made good decisions. Everything you did had a clear justification under rules of engagement and the orders I sent. You didn't do anything wrong and you need to stop feeling guilty over it. People died, yes. It's never easy to deal with. I've commanded for decades now and I've never found it easy to deal with. Frankly I wouldn't trust a commander who did find it easy, because that's a sign that life is becoming cheap to them. But when you're out there, on the firing line, it's going to happen no matter how good your performance is."
"Good. You're doing fine, Captain, and I want you to keep on that track. As for your orders...." Maran put his hands together. "We don't know what the Dominion's going to do yet. We do have other missions for you, in S5T3 and elsewhere, but for now you're going to stay on station at Deep Space Nine. I'll alert you when things change."
The launch deck of the Aurora was filled with the crewmembers from the Aurora, Koenig, Defiant, and Deep Space Nine. Over forty capsules were laid out, the tricolor with torch flag of the United Alliance of Systems laid out over thirty-eight of them and the blue flag with the starfield and crossed olive branches of the United Federation of Planets on the remaining capsules. Master Chief Layarn Maylo, a grizzled old Lushan Dorei veteran of the Dorei Federation's space forces, called the assembled to attention after a nod from Julia.
In front of the capsules was the raised platform that Robert was standing on. His command crew and the officers of the Koenig flanked him to one side. On the other side, Commander Sisko and his senior staff stood in dress uniform, with the Romulan Subcommander who had joined the Defiant's mission in attendance as a matter of protocol. He stepped up and allowed the comm system to channel his voice. "I'm afraid I'm not the best orator. All I can say is... we're here today to mourn our lost friends. They died fighting in a battle that they didn't want, in a conflict they never started, but for a cause they believed in. They hailed from the Allied Systems and the Federation of Planets and they came out here to serve those organizations, to serve Starfleet and the Stellar Navy, because they believed in what these flags stood for. Each one of them was unique. Each had dreams and desires and beliefs that were their own. Each contributed to the diversity that makes the Alliance and the Federation so rich and cibrant. We are diminished by their loss."
He swallowed. "I wish I could say we wouldn't have to do this again. It's easy to forget when you look out at the wonders of space that it's dangerous out here. When we step into space, we're taking the risk that we won't be coming back. It's a price we all have to pay. We owe it to ourselves to be honest about that because..." Robert drew in a breath, remembering older pain in his heart, memories that he cherished and the gulf still in his heart from his lost family. "...because otherwise we're only going to know regret." For a moment he remained silent but, figuring he had nothing else to say, he turned to Sisko. "Commander."
The Federation commander nodded. He cut an impressive figure; a cleanshaven face and thin hair. When he spoke, it was with a strong baritone. "I would like to thank Captain Dale and his crew for proposing this joint service and providing the space for it," he began. "I know many of you have lost friends and comrades that you cherished. I can tell you from hard experience that it never gets easier." The weight of his words made it clear that he was speaking from experience.
Robert listened quietly as Sisko finished his statement, remarking on the need to move on and remarking on what this could mean for the future and the relationship between the Alliance and the Federation. It was rather good, and Robert considered it fairly better than his own.
After Sisko was done, the capsules were taken to EM catapults set up at the rear of the launch deck and the landing bay door. It opened while an honor guard of Commander Kane's Marines provided a gun salute with twenty firearms (accomodation of similar practices by other cultures within the Alliance had led to a compromise number from the tradition of 21 guns that Robert knew). the wail of bagpipes from a Scots crewwoman in the science department gave the familiar tunes of Amazing Grace while a blue-complexioned Dorei interspersed with one of the Dorei remembrance hymns when the Dorei slain were brought up. Chief Maylo read the names of the slain Alliance and Starfleet personnel as the capsules were launched, one by one, into the void. When he got to "Paul Shetty" Robert drew in a breath; he'd found out that the young Ensign was the one fatality in the boarding of the bridge. The one he couldn't name. Now I'll remember that name forever.
When it was all done and over, the crews dispersed. The crew lounge was opened to the visiting DS9 crew and a couple of holodecks were going to be utilized for other gatherings. Robert found Sisko watching quietly as the landing bay door was closed. "I wish we could have met under happier circumstances," he said.
"As do I." Sisko turned and faced him directly; their eyes met easily given the similar heights. "Thank you again for offering to host this ceremony. It will help forge a bond between Starfleet and your Stellar Navy."
Robert tried not to smile. The Koenig's nacelles might be swept forward a bit and her deflector nose shorter, but she had a clear link to the Defiant. "Carlton thickened her out a bit compared to the scouts we were using," he remarked.
The two commanders began to walk off of the launch deck toward one of the turbolifts. "I wish he could have been here," Robert sighed. "I'm tired of losing people I care about."
"It never gets easy," Sisko agreed. "Captain, I hear you're to remain around Deep Space Nine for the time being."
"Yes." Sensing just the slightest bit of an edge to Sisko's voice, not a harsh one but there, Robert quickly added, "If you're worried about me trying to pull rank if things happen, I wasn't given orders justifying it and, honestly, I'm more interested in your advice in any crisis, not issuing you any commands. Even if my rank is higher, Commander Sisko... you've got me beat on seniority by a hundred miles."
"That's good to hear. I'm looking forward to working with you as long as you're here." The two men stepped into a turbolift. "By the way, given what I've heard of your origins..."
So much for the holodeck, Zack thought to himself with a wry grin, even as he heard Caterina squeal, "Dabo!" at the top of her lungs and in perfect rhyme with the well-endowed Bajoran brunette minding the wheel. Around them members of the Aurora, Koenig, and Deep Space Nine crews were milling and celebrating, synthehol and real booze flowing from the Ferengi bartender. Zack looked up from his glass of Saurian brandy and allowed himself a good, long look at the raven-haired Lieutenant Dax as she chatted with Jarod.
"Tell me about it." Zack looked over to where Apley, Derbely, and Sherlily were at a table getting served. "Maybe tomorrow?"
"Are you kidding? Scotty's having me do a partial rebuild on our primary shield generators given all the strain my brilliant plan put them under." Barnes shook his head. "Maybe next time."
"You know...." A new voice entered the conversation. They looked up and saw Quark looking at them. "I give discount rates to serving Starfleet personnel to use my holosuites, if you have a program you want to run I'm more than willing to extend the same rates to you."
Before Quark could say it, Zack held out his credit chit. "Go ahead and reserve it. If our programs don't work..."
"Quark!" Eyes turned to face two new figures, recognized as Chief O'Brien and Doctor Bashir. "How many holosuites are open?," O'Brien asked.
"One," Quark answered. "Which I'm afraid these gentlemen have reserved." He looked to Zack and Barnes.
Bashir looked crestfallen. "I've been looking forward to running this Battle of Britain holoprogram..."
"And you've got a hologame of it? Nice! I grew up playing 'Finest Hour' on my family's PC, but that doesn't hold a candle to what a good holodeck can do." Barnes looked down at Zack. "Hey, Zack, I know you take to piloting spaceships more, but wouldn't this be cooler? Flying around old World War 2 prop fighters and shooting Nazis, it can't get better than that!"
Bashir and O'Brien looked at each other. "I don't know, Julian. What do you think about bringing a couple of Eagle Squadron lads along with us?"
"The more the merrier," Bashir answered. "We'll need all the help we can if we're going to keep Jerry out of England's skies."
"I guess we have our program picked then," Zack said, standing up. He and Barnes let the two DS9 officers take the lead toward the top floor and the holosuites there. For a moment, going up the stairs, Zack looked out over Quark's and smiled. It would be great if we stayed here a while, he thought to himself.
Meridina was sitting across from Odo in the security office. Lieutenant Draynal and Ensign Liton were standing by the door, both security chiefs looking at them while one of Odo's subordinates stood beside him. "There was nothing in the area," Draynal reported before looking at Liton. "Except Ensign Liton, who was supposed to be off-duty."
"Sorry, Commander," Liton apologized. "But I overheard you and Lieutenant Lucero and thought I might give the area a quick check."
"You know it's a violation of protocol to go on an investigation alone without authorization," Meridina pointed out.
"On this station?" Odo made a "harumph" sound. "Anything." He looked over the PADD. "I'm not sure why you were in that section, all of our security scanners are clear."
"Lieutenant Lucero expressed concerns about the area, I thought it warranted a look," Meridina answered. "I did not mean to infringe, Constable."
"Yes," Draynal agreed. "Your man Pakos joined me on the examination. The only thing we found was Ensign Liton."
"I was just doing some scans, but I didn't find anything too strange. Minor organic residues that could be years old."
"Then it was nothing," Odo said. "I'll keep your reports on file regardless. Commander, I would like to arrange a direct link to your office on the Aurora."
Meridina filed out with her security people. "Lieutenant, beam back to the ship with Ensign Liton," Meridina said. "I'll be with you shortly."
They walked off. As they did so, Meridina felt a sudden sense of intense dread. She looked around, wondering where that sense had come from. Something is wrong, she thought to herself. Something is dreadfully wrong.
Julia was standing on the second level of Quark's, a little buzzed from the springwine provided by Quark. Her side still felt a little itchy from the dermal regeneration treatments but Leo's healing had done its job. She looked over the rail and saw Caterina squeal "Dabo!" again, gathering her winnings as Quark glowered from the bar. Angel was sitting at a nearby table with Leo, both laughing and cheering Cat.
Moving her eyes along to take in the scene, Julia looked out on the Promenade and saw Robert standing alone at the rail overlooking the first level, his eyes fixed on the window. The Aurora was sitting there while, behind it, the wormhole plumed open to let a runabout through as part of their watch.
She smiled thinly. "That was honest of you." They remained silent, observing their ship through the window quietly. "Maybe this will be a sign of things to come."
"Look at us." Julia motioned. "We're here. On a space station, watching a tunnel to the other side of the galaxy. We took on an old and powerful alien empire and gave them a bloody nose. Our crew is in there mixing it up with DS9's crew."
"Sisko wants to see a baseball game. I'm going to invite him to the Aurora so we can run a holo-viewing of one of the baseball games in D3R1."
"Oh, clever." Julia smirked. "Well, Robby, I suppose that since I was on my ass for a couple of days I can give you a night off."
"Thank you," he answered, chuckling afterward. Looking into her green eyes, seeing her lips formed in a smirk that was becoming a grin, Robert tried not to sigh. His ribs suddenly ached, but the memory that made them do so was a good one. He could remember the Kansas dirt, the collapsing mound... and Julia's lips pressed to his. She's my friend. She's the most important person in the cosmos to me, was his thought, even if they hadn't done anything afterward... would not do anything, honestly. The relationship he had with Julia was so much more than anything that could be romantic; it was born of a lifetime of shared triumphs and shared grief.
"Come on," Julia suddenly said, grabbing his arm. "Tomorrow we go back to work, but we still have the night to celebrate."
Warped space zoomed by the Starship Enterprise as it raced through interstellar space at high speed. On the bridge of the Federation vessel, Captain Jean-Luc Picard and his command crew were in their places on the new main bridge that Starfleet had installed on the ship, with darker lighting and consoles along the sides. "Status, Mister Data?"
"They are still transmitting a distress signal," Worf added from Tactical. "I am detecting several Cardassian attack craft pursuing the vessel."
"We are receiving a message from the Cardassian ships," Worf pronounced. "They say that they are pursuing Maquis and request that the Enterprise not intervene."
"I suppose it is possible," Riker murmured. "But a lot of innocent colonists have been trying to get out of the DMZ."
"And the Cardassians will not be very discerning. But our standing orders are clear." Picard sighed. "If we intervene it would violate the treaty with Cardassia."
"Perhaps we could convince the Cardassians to allow us to inspect the ship and its occupants?", Troi asked.
"I think we both know the response we will get." Picard frowned and stood, straightening his uniform as he usually did. "Commander Data, open a channel to the Cardassians, I will try...."
He was interrupted by Data. "Captain, new contact, bearing 349 mark 103. They are on an intercept course toward the Lily and will intercept in forty seconds."
Data looked over his display. "It is not close enough to put onscreen." A 2D plot map showing a slice of space containing all of the relevant vessels appeared. Picard's jaw clenched as the indicator coming from Alliance territory crossed over into the DMZ. "The warp signature and size of the vessel indicates it is a Dorei Starbird, Layama-class."
"The Dorei vessel has taken up position beside the Lily." Worf touched a couple more keys. "They have extended shields."
Picard watched as the indicators for the Cardassian attack craft drew nearer. They came out of warp in proximity to the other ships. "The Cardassians are hailing the Dorei vessel." Data allowed more information to come in. "The Dorei have replied."
A moment later a voice came over their speakers. "...of the Cardassian forces. We demand that you withdraw your protection from the Maquis terrorists immediately."
A somber male voice answered. "I know your kind and your brutality, Cardassian. I will not give these innocent souls over for your torturers."
"You are in violation of the De-Militarized Zone and protecting an enemy of Cardassia, we demand..."
"Demand all you like, butchers. I swear to the Supreme Being that the only thing I shall give you is the output of the Mayala's plasma cannons."
"Put me on an open channel," Picard insisted. When Data confirmed he was on, he stood and spoke. "This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation...."
On the screen icons showed torpedo and weapons fire between the ships. One by one the Cardassian attack craft began to wink out, although a number of torpedoes came down on the icon of the Dorei ship. "I am detecting damage to the Mayala," Data said. "It looks like a photon torpedo penetrated their shields."
"Three vessels destroyed or crippled, three still intact.... I am detecting a warp core explosion from one. Their drives are coming online..." On the screen the two remaining Cardassian icons suddenly disappeared. "They have gone to warp."
"Negative. They are coming about on a course back to Alliance territory. The Summer Lily is following."
"Put me back on, Data." He took in a breath. "This is Captain Picard of the Enterprise to Dorei vessel. You have violated the De-Militarized Zone. We insist..."
The screen shifted to show the Dorei ship's bridge. It was primarily blue, with purples and teals and some greens mixed in. The Dorei in the middle of the screen was of slender build. His uniform was predominately blue with purple trim and green symbols on the arms and chest; his skin was a vibrant, though not deep, purple, with blue spotting along his forehead that made Picard think of a Trill. Dark teal hair was cut long and in a ponytail arrangement at the back. Purple eyes looked back at them with distaste. "I am Captain Jagal Potana of the Dorei Star Forces. I do not answer to moral cowards, Picard."
"You violated sovereign space and opened fire on Cardassian starships, Captain Potana. Are you trying to start a war between your Alliance and Cardassia?"
"I acted to protect innocent beings from savagery, there is no higher cause in the eyes of the Supreme Deity. If the Cardassians wish to make war with us, then we shall make war and smash them with the aid of Providence. I will say no more to cowards. Mayala out." The signal terminated.
Picard shook his head. "The last thing this situation needs is more shooting. Mister Data, get me Starfleet Command."
Personal Log, 7 February 2641; Commander Julia Andreys, First Officer of ASV Aurora. The Aurora remains on station at Deep Space Nine for the moment. We haven't heard anything from the Dominion since our battle with them last month and everything around the station has been peaceful. The crew has enjoyed the downtime, taking shore leaves on DS9 and mingling with the station's crew. I'm left wondering how long we have until we're called away.
Julia grunted with effort, absorbing several punches and kicks from Angel Delgado, her friend and the ship's tactical officer, with her aching forearms. The two young women circled each other, wearing sports bras and shorts matching their service colors - red for Julia, olive brown for Angela - with gloves and guards on their hands, forearms, shins, and faces; plastic guards for their teeth rounded out the accoutrements. Crew from Aurora were gathered and watching them spar as they had sparred for years and in what was now a previous life.
Angel, as always, was on the offensive, and Julia weathered the storm patiently, dodging or blocking punches and kicks until she saw an opening. Her gloved fist was a blur when one opening was finally made by an attempted right hook by Angel. The punch landed squarely in her belly with enough force to make Angel double, opening her up to a left hook that stunned her and allowed Julia to land a swift roundhouse that sent her to the ground. Before Angel could recover Julia knelt over her and pinned her shoulders to the mat with her knees, straddling her in the process. Had they been fighting seriously Angel's face would have been vulnerable to repeated punches; instead Julia slid off after a couple of seconds and removed her mouthguard. "So much for two out of three." She smiled wickedly. "Three out of five?"
"Oh, I wish," Angel grumbled. "Losing like this... damn, I need to pay more attention to my training." She accepted Julia's offered hand. "For someone who almost bled out on the bridge a few weeks ago, you're back in top form."
"The miracles of modern medicine." Julia smiled and put an arm around Angel's shoulders. "So, making any friends? It seems everyone's been making friends over on DS9."
"Really? I figured you'd get along with Major Kira at least. You both love hitting things." Julia shook her head. "You know, Valentine's Day is in a week. Everyone's going to be looking for dates."
"I'm not interested in that right now," Angel said. Left unsaid was that the one person she was most interested in was the same one she knew she'd never have a stable relationship with; their captain and mutual friend Robert Dale. "What about you?'
"Oh?" Angel smiled. "Let's see.... Sisko's probably a bit too old for you and has a kid, O'Brien is married, Odo is a changeling.... Oh... let me guess, it was the accent."
"The doctor over there," Angel continued. "The one with that sexy English accent. He's charmed you into a date hasn't he?"
"Oh, so more than that." Angel's smile became mischievous. "So, is it just a checkup? Or maybe a full exam?" She let out a giggle at Julia's playful glare.
There was a loud chirp over the gym's intercom speakers. "Bridge to Commander Andreys," they heard Lieutenant Nick Locarno say. "We've received a top priority message from Command. It's marked for you and Captain Dale only."
"Oh, that sounds good." Angel shook her head. "You owe Admiral Maran for saving you from a pummeling, Julie. Catch you later." She walked off toward the showers.
Julia drew in a breath to sigh, using the moment to stick her tongue out at Angel. She pulled off her right forearm guard and revealed her multi-device below. She pressed the comm button to respond to the Bridge's open channel. "Alright, Nick, relay it to my quarters. I'll take a look before I get into the shower."
Photons and environmental systems mimicked the bright sun of Sol on a cloudless day. The artificial sunlight brought warmth to the open field of grass and a dirt diamond; a baseball field. Standing on the mound, old memories of sports glory flashed through Zachary Carrey's mind before he wound his arm up and gave a pitch.
The ball went a little high and then down. A bat swung out for it... and was half a second too late. "Dammit!" Despite the curse, Ben Sisko's face curled into a smile. "I've created a monster, haven't I?", his baritone voice called out.
"Got me back into shape," Zack answered, twisting his arm. "But you might want to blame the catcher."
"You know your old man's batting too well," Sisko scolded mockingly, but the smile never vanished from his face.
"Now for the next batter." Zack smiled and looked off to the side. His baseball uniform had a styilized version of the Aurora on it, much as Sisko's and Jake's had DS9. "C'mon Rob, it's your turn at bat."
Robert Dale grimaced and stepped up, wearing the same uniform as Zack. He held his bat up. "This wasn't really my sport as much as your's."
"American rules football," Robert answered. "I played a couple of years in high school as a wide receiver. Not the best, honestly..."
Chuckling lowly, Robert stood in his batter's box and swung his bat around. The first pitch was a curveball that barely moved through the box, but yet it did, so his failure to swing for it was a strike. After getting the ball back from Jake Zack switched to a low pitch that Robert almost clipped. Sisko let out a chuckle from where he was standing. "C'mon, we've got to get a hit on him sometime today!"
"I didn't see you do so well," Robert retorted. He brought the bat up to try again, with all the resignation of a condemned prisoner.
Reprieve came when Deep Space Nine's comm system echoed in the holosuite. "Ops to Commander Sisko," they heard Major Kira say.
Robert's wrist device chimed. He took his left hand off the bat and pressed the comm reception button. "Dale here."
Julia's voice came through the other end. "Rob, I've got a message from Admiral Maran you need to see. We're standing by to beam you back immediately."
"This is a set-up, isn't it?", Zack grumbled from the pitcher's mound. "You're both getting out of it." The look on his face showed he was just grumbling; if anything the timing was suspicious and worrying.
Sisko gave the order to end the program, replacing the beautiful baseball field with the interior of a holosuite. A moment later Robert and Zack were pulled away by the Aurora's transporter.
The command crews of the Aurora and Koenig were gathered in the Aurora's main conference room on Deck 2 when Maran's signal came in. "I wish I had time for pleasantries," Maran began. "But we have no time. In just a few days, the Allied Systems may be at war with the Cardassian Union."
An oppressive silence filled the room. "Admiral, what happened?", Robert asked, breaking that silence before it became too heavy. "Why would the Cardassians be targeting us?"
"Two days ago, we lost contact with one of the starbirds the Dorei sent to Horizon, the Mayala under Captain Jagal Potana. The Mayala was assigned to take up part of your old patrol route, the one facing the DMZ. We dispatched ships to investigate." Maran leaned forward. "Yesterday morning, the Federation's Enterprise found her. Mayala entered the De-Militarized Zone and protected a refugee ship from Cardassian attack craft pursuing her."
"Given our own run-in a couple of months ago, I'm not confident that the Cardassians really know who is and isn't a Maquis," Robert muttered. "Still... what was Potana thinking?"
"I think I remember Potana, he was one of the Dorei dignitaries who visited the Facility," Julia said. "He was a.... Lurala Dorei?"
"Correct. The Lurala are descendants of Sindai who converted to the Astra monotheist religion and were expelled from the Sindai kingdoms of old for it. Going by records, Captain Potana is a known devotee of their majority religion. His parents were clergy. So was his wife."
"They were at the Faiths' Summit on Talana five standard years ago when it was bombed by unknown parties. He was the only member of his family to survive." Maran frowned. "All he has left is his faith, and he's been a vocal advocate of more aggressive policies toward regimes and societies like the Cardassians since."
"And he has nothing to lose," Robert murmured. "Do we have any further indications of what happened? Was there any communication?"
"There was. Starfleet Command provided the Enterprise's logs and Captain Picard's report. I'm making that available to you now." Maran tapped a button on his desk. "Captain, I shouldn't have to tell you how crucial this situation is. We cannot afford a war with Cardassia, we're not ready for any kind of interstellar war on our own. The President has decided to send you to be our man in the hunt for the Mayala. You've already been given the rendezvous point; get there as quickly as you can. Captain Picard will be waiting for you and will take you to the meeting with the Cardassian ship. Do whatever you have to if it keeps the peace."
"Short of giving our IU drive technology to Cardassia, you are authorized to do anything. That includes destroying the Mayala. I'd prefer otherwise.... but more will die if Captain Potana isn't stopped."
"I sympathize, Mister Scott. I'm hoping that Potana will stand down if you confront him, but I've seen men like that before. If he's turning this into some crusade... I'm afraid that may not be an option. Maran out."
As soon as Maran disappeared, Robert stood. "I don't like it," he said aloud. "But he's right; we can't afford a war. Mister Locarno, set a course for the rendezvous with the Enterprise, maximum speed."
At the high warp speeds the advanced warp systems and naqia reactors of the Aurora were capable of, they had only hours to the rendezvous, and Robert spent them catching up on the day's paperwork and going over Potana's file, as well as that of his crew. As he looked quietly at the image of the purple-skinned, blue-spotted Dorei man, he heard his door chime go off. "Come on in," he called out.
Julia entered. "We're less than an hour from the rendezvous. Cat already has the Enterprise on long range sensors."
"There's plenty of reasons," Julia remarked. "You know Captain Picard. This is the most advanced ship in the fleet. And you're not going to let the Cardassians walk all over you." She drew in a breath. "And you've got something in common with Potana."
"Yeah." Robert stood up and looked out the window at the streaks of warp space. "Maybe he just got tired of watching horrible things happen and decided to do something about it, the consequences be damned."
"No." He turned to face her. "I'll be out on the bridge when we make rendezvous." He watched her nod and leave. His eyes glanced back to the monitor displaying Potana's face and file. He reached over and began to access the files on the rest of the Mayala's crew.
The Aurora dropped out of warp and approached the U.S.S. Enterprise on sublight drives. The Galaxy-class starship basked in the light of a nearby blue star as Aurora came up beside. After several minutes passed, the energy signature of a transporter beam linked the two ships.
Picard and most of his senior staff were waiting for Robert, Julia, Jarod, and Meridina when they got to the bridge and the main conference room beyond. "Captain Dale," Picard said, nodding his head.
"I was hoping we would meet again under more auspicious circumstances," Picard sighed. "We're scheduled to rendezvous with the Cardassian warship Vetar once we enter the DMZ. Gul Evek will be participating in our hunt for the Mayala."
Robert nodded and led the others to their seats. The two crews were arranged to face each other across the table, Picard vacating his usual place at the head of the table for the middle seat across from Robert. "We've gone over the records on Captain Potana and his crew." Robert produced a tablet device much like a Federation PADD. Picard accepted it. "I'm hoping that if we can make contact I can talk Commander Eymal or another of the officers to remove Potana."
"I hope the solution can be so simple, but the Cardassians are unlikely to allow a simple surrender back to your custody. If you have any override codes to help force the Mayala to shut down..."
"The Dorei don't have such mechanisms in their ships," Robert answered. "They don't want their fleet compromised if there is a security leak."
Data responded first. "Interesting, I would have thought that the remaining national divisions among the Dorei would have their central government concerned with crews subverting their ships to a national purpose."
"That's why they generally make sure the senior commanders are from different nations," Meridina answered. "The issue is that while the crew is nationally diverse, the command leadership is not religiously so. The Dorei Star Forces do not consider religion in their assignments and have no issue with assigning co-religionists together."
"And Captain Potana is a... Supreme Deity believer, yes?" Picard looked to Meridina. "I have read some of the material on the Dorei people, although I admit my knowledge is limited."
"Captain Potana is a Lurala. They are a Sindai people forced to flee to the island chains between Sinda and Astrana nearly two thousand years ago when they embraced the monotheism of the Astra against the polytheist faiths of their rulers," Meridina explained. "The Lurala are among the most devout of Supreme Deity worshippers amongst the Dorei nations."
"Our own history has similar examples of such peoples." Picard looked over the information again. He showed no visible reaction as he got to the rest of the data, on the slaughter of Potana's family. "Combine his intense religious faith with having lost everything in his life... it is no wonder he might embark on such a course. It will be our duty to prevent his tragedy from creating others." Picard handed the data tablet back. "I sympathize with the predicament you find yourselves in. It's not easy when you're sent to take in one of your own."
"Yes. Captain Maxwell and the Phoenix, several years ago." Picard smiled humorlessly. "He also lashed out against the Cardassians. This entire situation reminds me of a Voltaire quote..."
Robert gave a nod of agreement. "Whether the Almighty is trying to amuse us or not, we can't let the situation linger like this, not with the Cardassians ready for a war over it."
Robert nodded to the others. Both crews stood together and began to file out. Robert looked to Picard and remained standing by the table for the moment, leaving the two men alone. It had been almost two years since they had been alone in it, and the memory of that day remained fresh. Robert took a moment to compare Picard's uniform, still the same as that day two years ago, to the changes in his own appearance. He had been in a jacket, polo shirt, and jeans on that day; now he was in a uniform modeled in part after Starfleet's. He was self-conscious that things were different for him. Last time we talked, I was just some young stateless punk who decided to take the advice he was giving and throw it back in his face. Now look at me.... hell, thanks to Carlton Farmer our uniforms aren't very different either. The same red for command, four gold rank insignia....
As if sensing his thoughts, Picard remarked, "A lot has changed since the last time we spoke alone in this room."
"Yeah." Carlton died, we lost the Facility to the Daleks, and I've gone from an idealist running around trying to be a hero to a starship captain. "You did tell me I'd be a Captain some day."
"Yes." Picard's smile wasn't humorless anymore. "You've changed over these past two years, and it's been for the better."
Picard let out a wry chuckle. "Yes. It is a rather amusing coincidence, given how our acquaintance began with an argument. Robert...." The pronunciation was clearly French. "...is my brother's name."
"My brother Robert and his wife still run the family vineyard back on Earth." Picard looked back out to the window, as if he could see through the stars back to France itself. "Much to his displeasure, his son Rene seems to be taking after me."
Robert nodded. "I should introduce you to my cousin Beth sometime. She's the city manager for the New Liberty Colony."
"Ah, New Liberty. I've heard it has quite the melange of cultures living together peacefully, I would very much like to visit there one day. But, I think, we have spent enough time discussing family given the mission we have to follow. Gul Evek will not be very pleasant if we're behind schedule."
"I've never met the man, so I'll take your word for it," Robert answered. "Call me if you need anything... Jean-Luc."
The senior staff of the Aurora were all at their stations, with Zack sitting to Robert's left on the bridge, when the Aurora and Enterprise came up on the Vetar's arrival point. "I've got the Vetar on long range sensors, but they're out of position," Caterina said, turning away from her sensor sweeps of the nearby systems to satisfy her own curiosity to focus on the situation. "And they're not alone."
"No. The warp signatures are Federation, or at least similar." There was a light on her screen. "I'm picking up weapons fire!"
"The Maquis," Julia murmured. "Code Red. Sound battlestations." The condition lights on the bridge went red and deep alarm trills went off.
Soon enough the Cardassian ship was dominating their holoviewer. Robert had seen them before and always felt a little revulsion and dislike for the design, looking like some sinister manta ray hanging in space with a forked tail at the end. Yellow phaser beams lashed out from the Vetar's bow emplacement and wing tip arrays, striking small fighter vessels that were swarming it. "Jarod, their status?"
"The Vetar's shields are holding at eighty percent. I'm picking up debris from two of those Federation light craft. The other ships aren't going to last much longer..... they just lost another one. The Enterprise is sending out a general hail, asking the vessels to surrender."
As they approached they saw the surviving two ships try to get away. A photon torpedo from the Vetar destroyed one. Phaser beams played over the last one until one of its warp engines burst with energy. It spun around and went dead in space.
Even knowing it was foolish to think of it, Robert couldn't help but follow up with a question. "Are we in range to beam them out?"
Julia drew in a breath. "I can't imagine it'd help our case with the Cardassians very well if we took their prisoners."
"Yeah," Robert answered, looking at her intently. They both knew that she was right... and they both knew what it meant for those two pour souls.
Robert said nothing, waiting for the distance to be finished. When they came out of warp there was a tone from Jarod's console. "The Cardassians are hailing."
The holo-viewer shifted to show Picard side-by-side with a Cardassian, a middle-aged looking man with a jutting chin and jaw. "Gul Evek, we monitored the battle on our way in. Do you need any assistance?"
"None is required. The Maquis convoy moving through the area did not expect our arrival. Or..." Evek was clearly looking at Robert. "....perhaps the Alliance's agents set them up to mollify Cardassia and make us think there is no collusion."
"There is none," Robert answered, bristling. "That I can assure you of. Though, Gul, if I may ask.... just how do you know it was a Maquis convoy and not vessels armed for self-defense?"
"Either they were Maquis or they were armed Federation ships in the DMZ, in violation of the treaty we have with the Federation." Evek's smile was thin. "I elect to be generous toward Starfleet given its clear attempts to thwart their renegades, even if they have proven their incompetence in these kinds of things."
Picard showed no indication of response to the insult. "I am ready to receive you aboard the Enterprise, Gul."
"And here I was hoping that Captain Dale and his staff would welcome my hospitality on the Vetar. But very well. I shall beam over in one of your hours."
"So you do. I require the hour to ensure the proper disposition of my new prisoners. Any intelligence they might provide on Maquis operations is going to be time-sensitive. I need to ensure their interrogation proceeds immediately. Evek out." The Cardassian disappeared from the screen, leaving Picard and Robert looking at each other over their respective monitors.
"It is best if we do not speak before we see Evek, Captain Dale," Picard remarked. "The Cardassians can be fairly paranoid about these things. I will see you when you beam over. Picard out."
The holoviewer shifted to show the Vetar and the Enterprise moving up in front of the Aurora. Robert stood. "I should go get our materials for the briefing together. Julie, you've got the bridge."
"Please send Meridina to see me, I need to speak with her on something." Robert smiled thinly. "And then come in yourself. I want to have a gameplan ready for whatever we decide with Evek and Picard."
It was about twenty minutes later when Robert looked up from the reports he was compiling to provide to Evek and ordered the door to open. Meridina entered. "You wanted to see me, sir?"
"Yes." Robert put his hands together. "I need to ask you about Potana and some things I've found in his file."
"Yes. The Dorei tend to call it the Gift, or something similar, and see it in the framework of their belief in divinity."
"So you've said before." Robert smiled slightly. "My first meeting with you and Admiral Maran is pretty well engraved in my mind."
"Good." Meridina nodded. "Captain Potana received no training in it. He chose to follow his military career instead, initially as a chaplain and then as a command track officer. As a result it is very undeveloped and I do not see him being able to make use of it. Although I would not recommend falsehood in speaking with him, even an undeveloped swevyra can provide some sense."
Robert looked at her for a moment, trying to think of a response. "I was hoping you could be there to sense if he was practicing any kind of deceptions."
"He is not," Meridina answered. "I already feel certain of that. But.... I can also feel something else." She seemed to look past him. "Vulcans are farisa too, Robert. They require touch for direct mind linking but even from a distance I can feel her. And the Trill... his swevyra is strong. I can sense him. I...."
"I feel their terror. I feel their pain," Meridina whimpered. "They are innocent souls. They suffer. As a swev... as a 'Knight' of my people I am supposed to protect such beings. But our orders forbid it. I... I am not sure I can face Evek knowing what he is doing, Robert."
"You were undercover when we met, Meridina. Are you telling me you never had to see the criminals and pirates do bad things to people?"
"I was fortunate, their evils were committed on one another." Meridina swallowed. "It would be easier if I did not..."
"Meridina, questions will be asked if I am not with my security chief. I have to bring you," Robert pointed out.
"I'm not asking you to ignore it. I'm asking you to hold true despite it." Robert stood and walked around his desk. "If it will make it easier... let me take some of it off of you. Maybe if we..."
"Not like this." Meridina did nothing as Robert took her hands into his own. The touch was supportive and it made her feel... comforted? She could look into his face, his emerald eyes, and see the benevolence there, of a pained man who would take more to relieve it from a friend. "I will let you see." She brought a hand up and put it to his face. She focused herself on his eyes, and on the vibrant life beneath. The warmth of his life force, as she felt and saw it, helped her concentrate as she opened the mind link.
The cry of terror and agony Robert let out echoed through the ready room. In that moment he could feel them... He knew their names were T'Nya and Karizan. He felt terror and he felt agony unrelenting. His nerves caught fire and pain consumed every fiber of him, pain and despair and terror and....
Evek's face. Other faces. Cold. Calculating. One face, another male, leering at him. The face asked things. Questions asked and answered and yet the pain didn't end and kept going it kept going it hurts it hurts just stop please stop please make it stop I'll do anything just make it stop....
For a moment things seemed to go black. When Robert's senses returned he was slumped against the chair facing his desk, his lungs heaving desperately for air. He looked up to see Meridina using the same chair to support herself in standing. She looked down at him with surprise. "That.... I did not think it would be so strong," she huffed. "I am sorry, Robert. I am so sorry."
At that moment his door slid open, courtesy of a security override. Julia and Zack ran in, their pulse pistols raised, and Angel was behind them with a security team carrying pulse rifles. "Rob... Sir!" Julia caught herself. "Are you alright?! What happened?!"
Robert stood to his full height and sucked in another breath. "It's okay. Meridina was..." He thought of how to say it. "She can feel the two Maquis with her abilities. She... can feel the Cardassians torturing them. And I asked her to let me feel."
"Robert is more receptive to these things than I expected," Meridina said. "The bond was so powerful that... I believe our life forces together strengthened the bond."
"Everything's okay now," Robert said, trying to reassure them. "You're dismissed, gentlemen." With a nod from Meridina as well, the security team left; the others stayed however.
"Are you sure?", Julia asked evenly. "Given what you've just gone through.. are you sure you want to face Evek?"
"Evek? I'll tell you what I want to do there." Robert's eyes blazed with righteous anger. "I want to order Angel to lock on his shield generators and blast them away. I want to beam his prisoners off. Then I want to have Angel put a few solar torpedoes into his warp core."
"And then," Robert continued, "I want to link up with the Mayala and escort her back home so that she can join the fleet when it comes in and we can sweep the Cardassians from the DMZ. And then I want to blaze a path through Cardassian space, opening every labor camp and every torture center we find on the way to Cardassia Prime, where we'll burn the Central Command to the ground. I want to see the brutality of the Cardassian government punished in such a way that none will forget it." He stopped talking and took in a breath. "Of course, what I'm actually going to do is beam over to the Enterprise and make nice to a man who's torturing two people to death right as we speak, then I'm going to hunt the Mayala down so I can stop Captain Potana from doing about the same thing I want to do so we don't have a war that will kill millions and might sink the Allied Systems when the ink is still drying on the New Liberty Constitution." He smiled sardonically. "Because we don't always get what we want."
"Don't go just yet," Robert said. "We've got less than half an hour left before I have to go to Evek and Picard and lay out a plan. I want to discuss that plan with you. And bring Jarod in here, we'll need him too."
Robert was bringiing his whole command staff with him this time, leaving a slightly bemused Creighton Apley in command of the entire Aurora as the ranking command track officer and a grumbling Lucy Lucero as his second in command and ops officer. The Enterprise command crew was waiting; Evek had brought some of his own staff, but only a few officers.
Evek introduced him as Dal Malcet. Robert had trouble hiding an overt reaction, but managed to restrain it. "Let us dispense with the pleasantries of diplomacy," Evek said. "You've come to help us destroy a vessel you say is rogue, Captain Dale. You'll understand if we demand proof of this Captain Potana's status as a renegade."
"We transmitted his personnel file over, as well as a full record of communications," Robert pointed out.
"That's all well and good, but communication records could be forged." Evek leaned against the table. "You could have secret communications with him."
"Override codes to remotely shut down the Mayala," Evek answered. "And a full schematic of the ship to help my tactical staff determine weak points for engaging them. Medical records would also be helpful to verify your claim of unbalanced mental state in the Captain and his crew."
"It's not a medical case of insanity," Leo Gillam protested, glaring at Evek. "Besides, I'm not authorizing releasing confidential medical records to satisfy your paranoia."
"Leo!", Julia hissed. Leo ignored her, but he did note the looks from Counselor Troi and Doctor Crusher; both seemed more supportive than irritated at his declaration.
Evek frowned. "I'm afraid I'll have to report any failure to cooperate to Central Command. I'll let them draw their own conclusions. Just as they already have."
Malcet smirked at Picard and answered for his commander. "Come now, Captain. The Starship Aurora is already known in the DMZ for aiding and abetting the escape of Maquis fugitives from Cardassian pursuit vessels. And it's well known that Captain Dale and his crew were once stateless renegades who violated the internal affairs of countless peoples, why, it's a wonder we're not out here to hunt them down. One would almost say the Allied Systems was founded to justify their behavior. Why, even on their way here they have been actively scanning the DMZ without cause."
"I... I was just studying things," Caterina protested from the seat she had between Jarod and Angel.
"Cardassia is not hiding the astrographical data on this region," Malcet pointed out. "You seriously expect us to believe it is some innocent act of curiosity when it could just as easily be attempts to find targets for your so-called renegade captain."
"Captain Dale, you seem to let your First Officer do all the talking. Are we that intimidating that you feel the need to hide behind your woman?", Malcet heckled.
"Oh, not at all," Robert replied calmly. "Compared to the things I've stared down, Dal, I'm afraid you're not that scary. Please don't take offense. As for Julia being 'my woman', I freely admit she's a fair bit brighter than I am." Robert's face split into a grin. "And way more intimidating than you could ever be." Before Malcet could counter he looked to Evek and said, "I'm going to cooperate with you, Gul."
Ignoring Leo, Robert continued. "All pertinent information on the Mayala will be transmitted. Her warp signature, her capabilities profile... everything. She has no cloaking device so she won't be able to hide. The Dorei don't have remote shutdown codes for their starbirds, but she does have a unique ID signal that cannot be replaced without ripping out the entire computer system. We'll provide that code for you so you can detect any transmissions she sends or see through any false flag hails she makes." Robert put his hands together. "But more importantly... we will help you catch her. And for that we already have a plan. Mister Jarod?"
"Sir." Jarod stood up and went to the display monitor on the conference room hall. With a couple of button presses he accessed a starmap showing the region of the DMZ facing Alliance territory and the Badlands. "To hide their warp signature effectively against the kind of long range scans the Federation and Alliance can make, the Mayala will have to be hiding in the Badlands. We can't hide any of our ships, but we can hide the Koenig."
Evek spoke up, saying, "Your vessel is reportedly similar to that ship at Terok Nor that Starfleet assigned. Rather small, but powerful for its size. Could you last against a ship of the Mayala's size?"
"I'm not sure," Zack conceded. "But I'm sure I can stalemate Potana long enough for another ship to get there."
"Yes, Gul," Jarod agreed. "But that's why we'll give him good reason to believe the Koenig is somewhere else. We're going to modify our runabouts to emit a warp signature matching the Koenig's and use them to lay a fake warp trail into a position near the Badlands. It will look like the Koenig is setting up a patrol point."
"And when we do launch the Koenig," Scotty said, joining in, "she'll be maskin' her warp signature through her cloak."
"A patrol pattern where the Badlands is closest to Alliance territory," Robert answered. "All we have to do is wait, then, until a suitable target draws him out."
"No, I think there's a better choice," Troi said, entering the conversation. "I've read the information on this man. He's not inspired by the same things a Maquis would be, Gul Evek. He sees himself as a religious crusader, a man of faith protecting innocent people. And you can't assume he won't behave with great cleverness either."
"I see." Evek smirked. "I suppose I have prisoners to use as bait. I certainly have two at the moment."
Robert could actually feel a surge of anger in Meridina, something he attributed to their earlier linking. Troi definitely did, giving a concerned look in Meridina's direction. But the anger plateaued.
"We could simply use false life form readings to trick the Mayala into thinking there are prisoners," Malcet pointed out.
"Then you risk Potana seeing through it," Julia countered. "And if he's made connections to the Maquis, they may even be giving him information. If the Cardassians aren't publicly pulling prisoners out of prisons for transport people will know it's an empty bait trap."
"This wouldn't happen to be some brilliant scheme to free more poor, helpless colonists from we nasty Cardassians, would it?", Evek asked pointedly.
Robert's expression remained neutral. "It's not. I'm not here to get involved in this mess you and the Federation have in the DMZ. I'm here to stop a war. The prisoners aren't my concern."
"Good." Evek put his hands together. "Because I think the only way I will get Central Command and the Ministry of Justice to agree to this is if I'm moving my Maquis prisoners to Cardassia for final trial and execution. I'm sure the Ministry of Justice will appreciate a chance to condemn a dock full of terrorists."
Every part of Robert's heart wanted him to reach out and strangle Evek, but he bit down the impulse. "Stakes like that make it only more likely Potana will act."
"And it means that if something... untoward happens, nothing will be said when my men shoot them all into space," Evek agreed.
The Aurora crew was bristling. Robert could feel it. But again their discipline held. He's testing us, prodding us. The bastard.
"Well, it seems you have a surprisingly competent plan, Captain Dale." Evek stood. "Hopefully it will work. I am not eager to see this conflict spread. Captain Picard, thank you again for your hospitality." Evek stood and motioned to Malcet and the others to follow.
"He is a frustrated man," Picard said. "He lost two sons in the border wars and agreed to allow our colonists to remain on Cardassian-held worlds to prevent further bloodshed. Unfortunately, his good intentions were not shared by Cardassian colonists."
"They started attacking your colonists, your colonists fought back, and things got to this point," Robert murmured. "Well, right now I feel like I need a shower, and I frankly just want to get this damn business done and over with."
After a little more collaboration the Aurora command crew and their Enterprise counterparts dispersed. Most were heading back to the ship while Jarod and Caterina were following Data to set up a probe pattern to help catch the Mayala when she emerged. Meridina waited for everyone to leave and turned to face the last of the Enterprise crew who had, it turned out, waited and for much of the same reason. "You contain your emotions very well," Troi said to her. "Maybe too well."
"I will meditate later and allow my feelings to be processed," Meridina promised. "I understand your concern, Counselor Troi. You are worried about the state of my mind."
"I felt something a bit earlier. Maybe half an hour before you came aboard." Troi put a hand up to her head. "I saw glimpses of Cardassians... and pain, so much pain, and terror...."
"Then I owe you an apology, Counselor." Meridina took in another breath. She felt that too? Robert's link to me strengthened the feelings that much? It occurred to her that the Dorei on board would have had to feel something as well. She'd have to ask Draynal later...
WIth an empath standing near her Meridina forced thoughts on the implications deeper into her mind. Explaining things would be... complicated. "I have what your people call telepathy. It can, sometimes, be very powerful. And I picked up the two prisoners of the Cardassians being... interrogated."
"I see. He does not show it. He is a very remarkable man, with a vibrant swevyra... life force, since I know your translators cannot understand the word." Meridina went toward the door and turned back briefly. "I will be fine, Counselor, but I must return to my duties."
"It is a... meaningful phrase for my people, but if I had to translate... I was stating that I hoped that your life force remained connected to all things."
"That is a very lovely way of saying goodbye," Troi noted with a smile. "Mi rake sa swevyra iso, Meridina."
The plan commenced on schedule. The three vessels split up to cover patrol points. As they did so, any observer from a distance would detect a fourth warp signature briefly forming before going quiet, the indication of a cloaked vessel... or in this case, a quartet of runabouts that briefly generated a common field to masquerade as a signature. Behind those small vessels a warp trail was left, faint enough to be from a cloaked vessel and only discoverable if someone was looking for them.
A few hours later, the Aurora dropped from warp outside a system inhabited by Cardassian colonists. The system defenses briefly went on alert before the codes provided by Gul Evek calmed the twitchy defense forces. As this went on, Koenig slid quietly from the Aurora and wavered out of sight to begin her own patrol.
Hours passed, and then nearly a day. The runabouts took up position in an uninhabited star system close enough to the Badlands that the orange plasma storms were visible to the naked eye. They maintained a close formation, using their systems to give off tell-tale signs of a cloaked vessel moving in an area.
A sleek vessel came out of warp not far from them. Its warp drives were on the ends of swept-forward wings, its prow shaped in a sharp beak that gave it a distinct avian appearance. The light of the star played over a hull with blue and purple coloring; the vessel quickly bore down on the runabouts with raised shields. As it approached a signal went out from the vessel to the runabouts. One of them gave a reply.
And moments later on the Mayala bridge, Captain Potana was looking with interest at his viewscreen. "What is it you want? I know why you came out here."
"You waste your time. I will not desist. I cannot. And the Alliance will be victorious in a war, I have no doubt."
Potana raised his eyebrows. "You would come here? You would be in my mercy, and the mercy of the Cardassians if they took my vessel?"
The Dorei stared at the screen for a moment. He seemed to be trying to think, or sense, something. "Very well," he agreed. "We are ready to beam you over."
Robert was not alone when he materialized on the Mayala. Angel and Lucy stood to either side of him, looking apprehensive and concerned; Angel already had a hand hoving near the pulse pistol she had in her right hip holster.
This did not go unnoticed by Potana. "Be at ease, Angela Delgado. I mean you no harm." He motioned to a couple of security personnel to keep their own plasma rifles down. The Dorei captain stepped up as Robert stepped down from the transporter pad. "I will have you brought to my conference chamber. I have had a meal prepared that is palatable to the Human biology."
"Additionally, I have had your runabouts taken by tractor and pulled into my hanger," he continued, a glint in his purple eyes while his smile took on an edge.
Robert made no clear indication of anger or irritation. "I anticipated that. In fact, I counted on it. I hope they didn't cause you too much damage?"
"Scorched hull plating." Potana's smile lost its edge. "Clever. If the Cardassians detected this exchange it will look like I seized your vessels by force."
"I don't think they'll quite buy it just from that. They're too paranoid. But at least it can't be used as apparent confirmation that we're in cahoots."
Robert smirked and laughed at himself. "I watched too many old shows and movies with my Grandpa as a kid, Captain Potana. Now if you will please lead the way, time is of the essence."
Julia heard the ready room door chime go off and looked up. "Come on in." She said nothing as Meridina stepped in with Caterina beside her. Cat reached forward and gave Julia a data tablet. "Our last scans?"
Julia looked at the marking closely. "So he went to investigate our runabouts. Any signals from the Rio Grande?"
"Nothing in the last hour," Meridina answered. She had been watching tactical in Angel's absence. "It is likely that Captain Potana investigated their energy signature."
"I'd like something a little more definite," Julia murmured. "We don't need Evek getting suspicious over diverting our course. Give it another two hours. I can justify shifting patrol then."
"Be circumspect with those scans," Julia ordered. "I know you find everything in space terribly interesting, but you really caused problems for us with the Cardassians."
Caterina frowned and nodded. The upset look on her cute face looked like it should never belong on it and made Julia feel guilty over even bringing it up, regardless of how necessary. That's the problem with scolding Cat. Nobody but Angel can do it without feeling like we're kicking a cute puppy.
After she was gone, Julia looked back to Meridina. "I know you're upset you weren't along," Julia said softly. "But if our Security Chief went missing it would have looked suspicious."
Julia grinned. "Thankfully Rob had the foresight to make himself look utterly helpless without me," she remarked with a hint of humor. "Evek and Malcet will be half-expecting me to make all reports anyway."
"He's trying to keep his distance anyway," Julia pointed out. "So the Cardies don't feel cornered. Which fits right in with our plan, thank God." After some quiet passed, Julia leaned back in her chair. "That mindlink thing isn't going to hurt Robert any more is it? It looked pretty intense..."
"Well, he's got a lot of empathy and can be pretty stubborn." Julia's look went from humor to sadness. "And he's lost so much that I don't think he can help but reach out."
"It was.. more than that." Meridina shifted. She had thoughts, suspicions - actually more than suspicions at this point - but could not give them voice here. "But I think he will be fine."
"Good. Because if this plan is going to work, we need Rob focused." Julia lifted another tablet. "You should get back to the bridge, Meridina. You're dismissed."
Julia watched her go out of the corner of her eye. She knew Meridina was a good person, very brave and noble and forthright.... but she couldn't help but think something was off. She felt like she was being deceived by the Gersallian woman; deceived intentionally.
Angel paced nervously around Potana's conference room, glancing at the door and sometimes reaching for her holster. Lucy busied herself examining the control station and its Dorei language controls. "Can you read Dorei?", Robert asked her, sitting calmly and reading a tablet.
"A little Lushan, yeah. And some Astran. Their controls are actually made to change languages to fit whoever is using them." Lucy sighed. "Unfortunately the receiver was made to accept psionic input for that."
That didn't seem to make Angel feel any better. She turned and went to speak when the door opened and Potana stepped in, two of his security guards flanking him. They had the same purple skin tone and blue spotting he did, although one had a lighter blue and the other a darker. "You'll understand why I have guards," Potana remarked. "I want to say I have nothing but the utmost respect for what you have done in the Multiverse. You fulfilled the purpose the Supreme had in mind when he led you to that Darglan facility. I would hope it made you understand why I act the way I do."
"Please, it is Jagal between us." Potana took a seat opposite of Robert. His seat, given the kidney shape of the conference table and how it allowed the Captain to turn his head to face his crew without giving someone else a seat "higher" on the table. His uniform had a bright and vibrant look to it with its blue and purple color contrasting to the black and red on Robert's. Robert considered that to Potana his uniform was the more exotic, with its midnight black and red command color trim on the rank insignia and shoulders. "Undoubtedly that is part of the reason Maran sent you to stop me."
"Tell me, Robert, would you have stopped if someone ordered you to stop helping the downtrodden and abused?"
"Of course. So why should I?" Potana met his eyes directly. "Why should I ignore the cries of the tortured and oppressed, Captain Dale? Why should I ignore the precepts of my faith, that the Supreme Deity calls all to lessen the pain of existence and to stand against those who do harm?"
Robert drew in a sigh. "Honestly, Jagal, if I had my way the Aurora would have blown the Vetar to atoms when we met them" he said. "But my actions never threatened the outbreak of interstellar war, Jagal."
Robert put his hands together. "So, you think we should throw caution to the win and dare the Cardassians to attack us? Even when some of our worlds, our systems, are still being brought up to the levels of the others, when our fleet is still being built?"
"The Supreme will not abandon those who do the right thing," Potana said, with all the conviction of the true believer behind his voice. "I know he will not."
Potana was in thought for a moment. "I learned some of them in my visit to New Liberty. I know you people refer to your faiths in the Supreme as 'Abrahamic' religions. Your Jeois, your Eeslams...."
"Jews, Muslims, and Christians," Robert corrected softly. "Although I think there may be other faiths that would count, but I'm not a theologian."
"I don't think they're around anymore?", Robert answered. "Anyway..." He turned to face Jagal again. "I grew up in a Christian family. I had Bible school."
"In a way," he answered. "Actually, your argument reminds me of one of my favorite Bible stories. Jesus goes into the desert to pray, fasting for forty days. He ends up meeting the Devil."
"That would fit. Anyway, Satan gives him temptations, trying to turn him. He refuses them. For the second one, he challenges Jesus to test God's devotion to him by throwing himself off a high place, forcing God to either let him die or somehow catch him." Robert put his hands together. "Jesus' reply was 'Thou shalt not tempt the Lord'."
"I don't," Robert conceded. "But isn't it the height of arrogance to presume you know the Almighty's will?"
"Of course it would be. Except the Supreme's will is known in the writings. I am upholding his strictures of charity and protection." Potana smiled softly. "Besides, I believe you may have missed a point in your story of the Second Temptation."
"Yes. There is a difference between daring the Supreme to spare you simply to prove something, and trusting the Supreme to be providential when you are upholding the Supreme's commands. Had the Fallen been threatening innocents and telling Jesus that the only way to save them was to cast himself from the high place, would that not change the situation? Would that not justify trusting the Supreme to act?"
Robert remained quiet for a moment. His mind was working through the situation even as his Granddad's voice rose up from memory. "Bob my boy, you do not talk religion with the devoted. They will always twist your brain into a knot. Your granddaddy learned that the hard way back on the Rhine." "That brings us back to square one, I suppose. You believe that if you cause the Cardassians to declare war on the Alliance, the Supreme Being will come to our aid."
"I do not believe it, Robert." Potana shook his head wistfully. "I knowit." A slim smile crossed his face. "Just as I know about the trap you have laid with Gul Evek."
"Gul Evek will be moving prisoners, Maquis and suspected ones, to be executed on Cardassia," Potana continued. "He is dangling those innocents before me to draw me out so I might be ambushed."
Robert had his own thin smile. "Another way of looking at it, Jagal, is that I persuaded him to expose those innocent people so they can be rescued by you as a means to win your trust."
At that, Potana laughed and stood. "Agreed. I have enjoyed this talk. But I must go now to look to my duties. We should be intercepting the Cardassian prisoner transport momentarily. Would you like to observe from the bridge?"
"Very well. I must insist that Angel Delgado and Lucilla Lucero remain, however." Potana's smile took on another sharp edge. "I would not want you to get any... temptations."
Several moments passed. A tone came from Lucy's console and she looked to Angel and nodded. "Good, we're in."
The Mayala bridge was like any other Dorei bridge Robert had seen. Instead of the Captain being in the center and everything else being around him, the command post was in the rear of the bridge with the helm right in front; to the sides were other stations with everyone facing the Captain and helm. If you're not flying the ship you have to turn to see things on the screen. But really, nobody needs to anyway. Robert took up a backup seat beside Potana's. The predominately blue facing was a contrast to the colors on the Aurora, fitting preferred coloration by Dorei.
"Where is Commander Eymal?", Robert asked Potana. He'd seen facial profiles of the command crew, but he only saw the security chief, tactical officer, and pilot here amongst them.
"The Commander expressed reservations about embarking on this duty," Potana explained. "I would not force others to risk themselves, so I permitted Eymal and those members of the crew who did not feel as I did to vacate the ship."
In other words, you got rid of the anyone who might stop you internally. Robert immediately regretted the thought, fearing he might have sensed it, but Potana showed no sign of it.
"They are on a number of shuttles moving toward Alliance space at Warp 2," Potana continued. "I felt compelled to disable their interstellar communications arrays, so until they arrive in an inhabited system they will not be able to call anyone."
"They knew the risks of space when they joined the Star Forces," Potana answered, but for the briefest moment there was a flicker of sadness.
"Captain," the sensor officer said; Dale noted she was blue-skinned and purple spotted, but he couldn't recognize her nationality right away. "I'm detecting a Cardassian vessel on sensors."
"A combat transport. Recognition charts identify as Rasilak-class Cardassian vessel. Her power signature indicates that the vessel is a demilitarized model."
"And just as likely mounting weapons that cannot be seen," Potana remarked. "The Cardassians are wicked and deceitful in their dealings with others. Helm, plot intercept course. As we approach, activate our communication systems."
The Mayala's warp engines propelled the vessel past Warp 9, and then past Warp 9.5. "The Cardassian vessel is changing course. They are sending out a distress call. Call is being jammed." The operations officer ticked down the distance.
At warp flight weapon fire could be dodgy, but it was something that everyone trained for. A warp-capable torpedo erupted from the Mayala's prow launcher and briefly accelerated past Warp 9.6. Potana said nothing as the Cardassian ship was jolted from warp. His helmsman was right on target, bringing the Mayala out of warp just outside firing range.
The range was quickly gained. Sapphire bolts of plasma cannon fire lashed out and slammed repeatedly into the Cardassian ship's shields. They flickered and looked like they were about to wink out while yellow energy played almost harmlessly over the Mayala's purple-hued shields. "The Cardassian vessel's shields are down." Another blast sliced into the vessel. "We have damaged their shield generator. Warp drive offline. They are defenseless."
Robert watched intently, but something felt...off. Evek said he would have his men start killing the prisoners if it looked like they might be rescued. And where are the escorts? This is too easy.
Potana put his fingers on his lips, looking intently at the screen. "Lock onto a lifesign..." He sat up. "And beam it into space in front of us."
There was silence in the bridge. Robert looked at him aghast for a moment. That's inhumane, that's...
"Have Physician Dala on standby if necessary," Potana ordered a second officer. There was a nod and affirmation. Whatever they may otherwise feel, it was clear this crew trusted Potana immensely.
The viewer showed an object materialize in space in white light. Robert looked intently, but he was certain it wasn't a human figure....
And then it exploded. Ferociously. The vessel rattled slightly. "Those... those are anti-matter explosives, Captain," the sensor officer reported.
"I'm re-checking the scan." The sensor officer looked over it again. She swore under her breath. "Captain... I am sorry. The life signs are fake. I... I was not looking closely enough."
"That's okay, Lieutenant." Potana put his hands together in his lap. "Cardassian trickery at its finest." He glanced at Robert, who simply shook his head. Potana accepted the wordless denial of knowing about the trap being changed. "Target the Cardassian ship and destroy it."
"The only message I wish to send," Potana said in a low tone, "is that of Divine Justice and its cleansing light."
More blue bolts erupted from Malaya's bow cannons. They were targeted to the hold full of anti-matter explosives. The resulting explosion was so bright everyone closed their eyes as the display systems shifted to reduce light input. WHen the blast was gone, only small traces of heavy minerals remained.
Potana looked back to Robert. "I hope you enjoyed this display, Captain. Now, I shall have you and your officers escorted to quarters. Commander Eymal's stateroom should have sufficient room and facilities. I shall see you for morning meal, Captain. Perhaps we shall discuss the nature of the Supreme further. I would very much like to convince you to join me."
Julia grumbled as her quarters filled with the beeping of the ship intercom. She grabbed her multi-device and pressed the comm receive button. "What?"
"Put him down here in ten seconds." Julia slid out of bed, blinked sleep out of her eyes, and slipped on her blue silk nightrobe to go over her black nightgown. She stepped up to the main monitor on her wall and tapped a button to receive the signal there. Evek's face appeared and the Cardassian appeared fairly displeased. "I wished to speak to Captain Dale," Evek grumbled.
"He's asleep. With sedatives. Doctor's orders," Julia replied hoarsely. "He's too much of a workaholic in a crisis. What can I do for you?"
"We sent out a ship to trap the Mayala. The trap failed. From what we recovered the Mayala knew it was a trap. And I'm wondering how," Evek said, accusation dripping from his voice.
"No. I was ordered to fake them. The vessel had false life-sign readings rigged to anti-matter explosives set to go off after being reconstituted by a transporter."
"Ah. In other words..." Julia frowned and crossed her arms. "...it was a trap you set up and didn't tell us about. So if you're wondering how he saw through it, you have better places to look."
"Sleeping. I'll let him know you want to talk in the morning, Gul." Julia stepped closer to the screen. "In the meantime, I suggest you stick to the plan instead of doing something blatantly obvious and blaming us because Captain Potana isn't an idiot. Andreys out." She smacked the button and cut the channel. Afterward she tapped her comm. "Schedule a command staff meeting for the morning."
This done, Julia pulled the nightrobe off and slid back into her comfortable bed. As sleep slowly returned, she felt worried. I can't stall Evek forever. He's going to find out soon enough, and if Rob's plan hasn't worked...
Robert sat up in one of the cots that had been brought in to the XO quarters, given it had only one bed. After a game of rock-paper-scissors and a following game involving Angel's fist hovering under noses in defense of victory, Angel had won the right to the bed and left Lucy and Robert to the cots. He looked down at his multi-device and activated it.
On the popup holo-screen was a human man, slightly tanned in complexion, with a tattoo on the left side of his face. "...moving after all. I'm guessing they've realized they can't trick you. Has the backup system I sent you worked to replace your hardcoded IFF?"
"You owe me no thanks, Jagal. The Mayala's raids have lifted morale in every cell. If you can stay active for a while longer I believe I can rally a fleet to hit Evek's HQ directly. A victory like that and we might just convince the Cardassians to cut their losses and re-negotiate."
"As always, the Supreme will provide to those who do good. I will divert course immediately to intercept any prison vessels."
"And I'll have shelter ready for them. I'll transmit the coordinates when I receive your next signal. Chakotay out."
Robert hit a button and turned it off. He saw Lucy stirring, only half asleep. "Scrambler is up, they can't hear us," Robert murmured. "How did your work go?"
"Thankfully Evek stopped playing around and enacted the plan. Better get some sleep, tomorrow we'll be busy."
The following morning Robert was alone again with Potana, eating what looked like purple mashed potatoes - or squashed fruit really- and white egg yolk. "You really don't care if you cause a war?", he asked.
"I have my faith," Potana insisted. "Are we going to commence this circular conversation again today, Captain?"
"I came out here because I believed you were a reasonable man that I could talk into standing down."
"Call me arrogant... but I believed it wouldn't come to that." Robert let himself enjoy a bite before continuing. "Your crew trusts you. They've followed you all this way, are you really going to let them lose everything for this crusade?"
"All mortal rewards are fleeting, the divine blessings we will enjoy when we are with the Supreme are sufficient compensation." Potana put his hands together, ignoring his food. "If you are planning sabotage, I would not recommend it. Even if you stop me... now that you're aboard I doubt the Cardassians will be understanding of your plotting. It will merely confirm their paranoia."
"Your operations and tactical officers made several unauthorized entries into our computer systems." Potana smiled.
"They've never been aboard a Layama before, Lucy enjoys looking at Dorei tech and, well, Angel loves starship weapons." Robert smirked. "Not as much as she loves her personal weapons, that is, her fists."
"Ah. A shame. The Supreme calls on all of us to bond and bring new life into existence." Potana took and finished a quick bite of his food. "Tell me, Robert, how we could be so opposed to each other here when we are so similar? We have lost our families. All we have left is the cause of righteousness. Why are you trying to stop me?"
Before Robert could continue, Potana's multidevice chimed. He pressed it and said, "Report", in Lushani.
"That would be our prey. Set course at maximum warp." Potana put his utensil down. "Would you like to observe from the bridge again, Robert?"
Julia had settled into her bridge watch for the morning when something drew Jarod's attention on his ops board. "The active signal from the Cardassian cruiser Larket just went out."
The Cardassian vessel looming on the screen was even uglier than any Robert had yet seen, lacking even the winged appearance of the Vetar. "We have lifesigns from non-Cardassian races aboard," the woman at sensors confirmed.
"And if I do nothing, you and I both know those people will be dead shortly. Innocent lives snuffed out by the evil of the Cardassian state." Potana nodded to his tactical officer. "Fire when ready."
The Mayala fired a warp-field torpedo. It found the warp drive of the Cardassian ship and forced it out of warp. The Mayala's pilot guided the ship to a precision stop just inside maximum weapons range. Cannon and torpedo fire were quick to strike first, but this Cardassian vessel was better armed and protected. When it returned fire, the Mayala shuddered under the impact. "Deflectors at eighty-two percent."
The Mayala began a zig-zag approach, maneuvering to get into the weakened shield arcs of the Cardassian vessel. It maneuvered as well, but the Dorei cruiser was more nimble. More sapphire bolts battered its shields until the last of a volley blasted through hull, sending flame and white trails of atmosphere from the wounded ship. "Begin beaming the prisoners over," Potana said.
"Doing so now." Even as the operations officer followed the order, the tactical officer maintained the attack. The Cardassian cruiser began to fall apart under bombardment from Mayala's plasma cannons.