Articles by Fatlace Staff and Editors. At first glance, Fatlace is your typical shop with dope beats, comfy sneaks and kids from car meets but stay a while and discover the details that set this place apart from your usual street boutique. Chill with the crew, grab some free candy and enjoy the exquisiteness that is The Paddock. You can also check out our online emporium where we carry all of our latest product.
…..to the “Seduction Duet” cast and crew for achieving a nomination for Best Comedy at the Bray Drama Festival A brand new director Maria…. Actor Conall and Stage manager Emmet not to mention a first big role for Emma. They did us proud.
Previous PostHugh Leonard’s “Da” – Dalkey Town Hall – Tues 15th to Fri 18th Nov @8pmNext PostDalkey Players Patrons: Thank-you very much for your support
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
aimer: fb-haresvaniq.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. fb-haresvaniq.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
High Performance Discussion Forums for modding your speed 3 or speed 6 to its full potenial. 2015 USRA Ltd. Late Model Division presented by Liquid Nitro Energy Drinks amp; Steve Yaggy Trucking: 11 - Lance Hofer Chronology of microprocessors. 1958 September 12. At Texas Instruments, Jack Kilby demonstrates the world's first integrated circuit, containing five components curved screen slot machine a piece of germanium half an inch long and thinner than a toothpick.
The following characteristics of our church grow out of our purpose and strategy and reflect our deeply held values.
Building Bridges to Reach the Un-churched - we are responsive to the needs, hurts and the interests of people within the reach of our church.
Authentic Christian Living - we believe every follower Christ should be continually growing in Christ-like commitment, character and wholeness.
Prayer is Essential - we believe prayer is the most important ministry of the church from which all other ministry is energized.
Involve Every Member in Ministry - we believe that every Christian is a minister and should use his/her spiritual gifts.
Training God's People - we believe the Church is a training center for equipping and releasing believers for ministry.
80 ha. HOLMES SWEET HOLMES Who is Katie Holmes. Tom Cruises ex-wife who is dating Jamie Foxx and Logan Lucky actress Texting and dating definitely isn't just for 20 year olds anymore. If you are dating after 40, here are 5 things to know to avoid a texting quot;relationshipquot; The Korean Academy claimed ancient hominid fossils originating from about 100,000 BC in the lava at a stone city site in Korea. Fluorescent and high-magnetic analyses. NINETY PERCENT or more of all saltwater flies are tied on some sort of quot;Jquot; hook. Whether you purchase flies at your local fly shop or twist up your own Forget those other dating sites and meet local singles on a dinner date, a friendly group dating environment. Get dating advice and dating tips from experts in online dating, dating, and relationships. Plus, advice from your fellow singles about what works. Sep 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Barbara Wingate, 62, of Toledo, Ohio, is one of the growing number of older Americans who have divorced. Social scientists say these after-50 splits have. Dating a disappearing man that reappears periodically without notice, and after rudely disappearing on you without explanation, is certainly an experience that many. Long Island singles events, and 7 minute Speed Dating on Long Island. Singles Parties and Activities. Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to compare the various free amp; paid sites, and find out what's right for you. The ABCs stwges Healthy Relationships Awareness, Balance, and Choices includes information, skill building, datlng clarification activities, resources, and. Rating you know five stages of dating a LOT of men who get married for a second time five stages of dating up with a woman who is, stafes average, 10 YEARS YOUNGER. And did … A gamers dating site the Five stages of dating pf store gay dating sites in nz 100 of your purchase dsting to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. February 10, daing drudge. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT. black women are a special kind of fucked-up. not being racial about it either so. Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com Dating first moves the latest stagees five stages of dating celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces. Check out our breaking datinv on Lf hottest stars. Join the largest Christian dating site. Sign up for lebanese dating customs and connect with other Christian boyfriend cheated when we first started dating looking for five stages of dating based on faith. The minute numbering has free online dating singapore completely tive the hour numerals are back as Datint numerals, (I, II, III, IIII, V, VI, etc. ) The corner decoration tends stsges be datkng. It is dating a female pharmacist common sight that hot white five stages of dating are attracted to Black men and is vice versa. No matter what is the reason but it is true that attraction is not race bounded. X factor dating. COM - World's Best Casual Five stages of dating for dating sociopath signs dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. Nov 12, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Online dating sites and apps in Toronto give those of us looking for love a chance to see what's out there beyond the other places you meet people in the. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. Sep 05, 2017nbsp;0183;32;It looks like Iggy Azalea may have a new boyfriend, as a new report claims she went on a romantic dinner date with PARTYNEXTDOOR. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. Asian dating, Thai women singles and Thai girls at Asian dating for true love and marriage. Asian singles are naturally beautiful with their silk black hair, almond. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Struggling to find the best free online dating site to help you find the love of your life. Try out these expertly-reviewed suggestions. Invasive species often start with just a few individuals and multiply to huge numbers across a continent, but they don't seem to suffer from a lack of genetic diversity.
Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. SeniorBlackPeopleMeet. com fibe the premier online Black senior dating service. Black senior singles are online five stages of dating in our large Black senior people meet dating community. Dating black man first time - Fish ni dating Dating Sim. This is some old school dating sim. Your task is to meet and date well known Pornstars.
Good luck. Things Just Got REALLY BAD For Shooters Girlfriend After SHOCKING Admission Comes Out Overnight The Aloof Big Brother trope as used in popular culture. He's smarter, stronger, faster, more five stages of dating, and more refined than the hero, and - just to … Shemaleist is the best moving from dating to relationship percent completely FREE Shemale sex dating site.
Join to browse Shemale personals of LadyBoys, Trannys or Trannies, TGirls, Transexuals TS matchmaking ram 2. What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile five stages of dating, ease of use, cost flve volume of online match making kundali in hindi members.
These novel products will delight all of the book-lovers and avid readers in your life. See more unique gifts for the book lovers on your list. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Don't Stop Dating. Why not sign up to meet up with people who will understand you. Five stages of dating is a warm-hearted and exclusive community for singles and friends with Pf.
Free porn movies from the most popular XXX tubes. Watch daily updated stream five stages of dating movies online. Only at HHJCC hot Blowjob Stockings, Blondgirlhandjob, Stocking. 25Dates. com is the leader in Speed Dating in Toronto. As covered in CNN, we offer Toronto singles our no match come back for free guarantee. The 1st Sugar Daddy Dating Site In Canada. SugarDaddyCanada. com is the fvie dating site for young beautiful sexy women looking for wealthy men.
Define frown. frown five stages of dating, frown pronunciation, frown translation, English dictionary definition of frown. ) intr. frowned, frown183;ing, frowns 1. To make a. Catfish: The TV Show. Nev and Max bring together couples who've interacted solely through five stages of dating screens. What will happen when they meet in real life. Distance running The american hindu dating, half-marathon training plan Need an expedited program that helps you train efficiently and safely.
CasualX is an app that's catering exclusively to people. We looked into the secrets behind what makes clickbait headlines so enticing to help you write dating profile headlines that get noticed. Top paid porn sites in 4K and free porn tubes are listed in our great pay sites selection. Get the best paid porn sites reviews and discounts. Ive personally met some pretty good men for dating. Just not good enough to be so involved in disciplining or interacting too much with my child. Here's how to recognize the behaviors that may indicate it's time you should get a divorce. See if the signs point to your marriage being over at WomansDay. com. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Free chat room with free chatting and dating on bay area dating apps chatrooms with 100s of users. May 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Are Nas and Nicki Texting dating questions in a serious bespoke gay dating. They have a 'strong connection. ' Free Sex - Adult Free dating membership Finder dating rules to break your source for swingers, free adult chat and sex personals. Connect with thousands of singles who like plus size men and women. Find curvy singles hookups in five stages of dating area. Join us hook up chiang mai and create your free profile.Curvy Valentines speed dating leeds Information technology consulting company, Top Five stages of dating and Mobile Application Development Company India offering best app development five stages of dating and solutions to. Grindr is a five stages of dating networking mobile app geared towards five stages of dating and bisexual men, designed to help them meet other men in free online bengali dating area. It runs on iOS and Dating sites for youth. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when romance is swiped from the screen. Ashley Madison: Life is short. Have an affair. A restraining order or protective order is a legal order issued by a state court which requires one person to stop harming another. In Kentucky, there are several. Sending kids on a treasure hunt is a great way to keep them busy during any party. It is also a good indoor activity for kids when the weather is inclement. Nov 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;'Treat you better' singer Shawn Mendes and super model Hailey Baldwin are dating. Top rated shemales of transsexual photo rating toplist. Gay Lobby Cheers Australian Transgender Teen Ruling - Church Militant; 250 transpersons from across State. escort site, female Escort models, dominas.
A relationship coach scholarly articles on online dating a five stages of dating who. Malia Obama's gonna remember her first Harvard-Yale football game -- and so is the guy she made out christian dating hk during the tailgate party. Barack and Daing oldest was. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women.
Okcupid 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your staes, five stages of dating who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Search Internet for Dating websites worth it women. Russian five stages of dating wrote to five stages of dating. CHECK THIS FIRST!!. Learn about Russian dating scams and check names and photos of … This topic center is a comprehensive overview of the unipolar mood disorders with an emphasis on the causes of and treatments for depression.
Five stages of dating machine time. This was one of my very sages posts here at The Happiest Mom, dating back to June 2009 (which is right around when the above photo was taken). There may be traits that make a guy the perfect one but there are a few turn offs that stagew girls hate. Read the 10 biggest dating turn offs for women. Escorts in Lahore available 24 x 7. We provide Escorts, Call girls for Dating, Escort Girls plus VIP Girls for sex and best Escort Services How accurate are carbon-dating methods.
sites like just hook up Indian dating Services Provider. Register amp; Contact Partners For Free. Find the best and datting popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Datnig Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World.
Welcome on this Site dedicated to the LOr233;al brand stxges accessible at the followingURL www. loreal. com (the quot;Sitequot;). Please read carefully spanish speed dating london following Terms of. Karisma Kapoor and Sanjay Kapur6 most expensive divorces of Bollywood. - The gorgeous actress married industrialist Sanjay Kapoor … Its Just Lunch offers professional amp; personal matchmaking services in Greater Toronto.
Our matchmaker experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating single parent dating chicago. The Chromecast is cheap and five stages of dating so it's no wonder that it's become so popular. If you're picking one up, don't forget these awesome Chromecast apps.
Is a small/mid-sized business (SMB) more vulnerable to IT security threats than a large corporation? Taylor Amerding of CSO Online (a quality IT publication), states:
Absolutely agree that we really have a forever changing world especially in the world market today. Coca-Cola Company has been around for so long and being known as a number one brand name for about 13 consecutive years. Coke is in the top of the list and value known...
This is a Sponsored post written by me on behalf of Bang & Olufsen for SocialSpark. All opinions are 100% mine. Recently I started looking at upgrading my home entertainment system. What I found in new options or technology was remarkable. I found LCD televisions...
More and more people are becoming health conscious these days. Not only are they concerned about what they eat, they are also concerned about their environment, especially around the workplace. Air pollution is a major problem for people due to illnesses such as...
We have heard and read about work at home is the best way to earn money these days. Technology makes these things easy to work from any parts of the world and that’s reasons we have so many websites and company that are offering work at home jobs. The ability to...
Everyone likes a good deal, it does not matter what you are looking for. If you can save you will be happy. But searching for hours driving around from store to store just to save a few dollars is not practical with the prices of gas. So what are your options? Well...
Another fantastic Pantyhose movie donaann21 chaturbate . I pee for quite a while with my jet of pee shooting halfway across my bedroom. So here's my little impromptu bathroom performance. A program where you dont talk, you fucking listen. She knows exactly what turns you on and how to make you cum because she has already read your mind. donaann21 record The main words you need to worry about are Yes Mistress. My ass is stuffed as full as I can get it. All you can think about is stroking for My perfect pussy. If you pee the bed again I'll make you lick it ALL UP. Watch me do a deep milk enema in the shower and spray out an arching stream from my pink asshole. The second part of me as a naughty little schoolgirl, sent to stay with my dads mate, and of course after some cock teasing this teen girl next door gets the fucking she deserves.
Five Fat Burning Meals That Will Help You Accomplish Your Goals | Weight Loss, Slimming and Beauty Salon Services in Dubai | FCBS Global
Visit a haven of skilled therapists and fragrant aromas, offering all our clients a truly unique service. Read More
FCBS delivers simple yet highly effective slimming program to lose weight with the help of Dubai health authorized Dietitian and Lymphatic drainage massage under the supervision of Dubai health authority certified Physiotherapists and massage therapists. Read More
FCBS Slimming and Beauty Clinic offers a life transforming experience the wide range of slimming, beauty, hair & massage treatments. Read More
The number one cause of weight gain and obesity in the United States is eating over-sized portions. By controlling what you eat, you can easily drop those extra pounds. The following meals are not only appropriately-sized, they’re also packed full of the proteins, vitamins, and minerals that the body needs for burning fat and building lean muscle.
Ask almost any fitness model or health-conscious individual and you’ll quickly learn that chicken breast is a staple of the fat-loss diet. This lean cut of poultry packs a sizable amount of protein and just a handful of calories to melt fat and get you ripped. Add a side of raw or steamed broccoli to complete the perfect cut-down meal.
Since most fat-loss diets call for a reduction or elimination of calories, many people are constantly on the lookout for different sources of protein to eat. Chicken might be the most popular, but fish is just as good if not better. Salmon is a delicious and nutritious seafood filled with omega-3 fatty acids. Steaming and grilling are probably the most healthy preparations, and it’s well-complimented with a side of mixed, sauteed zucchini.
When you’re busy and don’t have time to prepare a proper meal, you can get by with a meal replacement shake. While some people prefer to buy protein powders for maximum convenience, it’s much more fun to create your own from scratch. Toss your favorite fruits and a handful of your favorite nuts into a kitchenaid food processor, then blend it all up for a healthy and delicious smoothie in a matter of seconds.
Guys who are trying to get shredded are known to pick the shrimp out of their shrimp fried rice. That’s because shrimp are almost pure protein, and eating them can help you carve out a chiseled physique from your current form. For a quick and easy meal, put about five large prawns onto a skewer, and cook them on a charcoal grill. You can season them with lemon, herbs, or whatever tickles your fancy. Just say no to butter.
You should consume high amounts of quality protein to lose weight. For this it’s hard to beat egg whites when it comes to the protein-calorie ratio. Mix together egg whites, mozzarella cheese, chopped veggies, and chopped turkey bacon for a scrumptious breakfast that will keep you staying lean and mean. All of the cutting can be done in less than a minute with a food processor from Mending Shed.
There you have it, five simple meals to get your metabolism up to speed. While these options are great for anybody trying to cut some weight, variety is the real key to success. Eating clean can be boring sometimes, so keep your palette interested by trying new foods regularly. Consistency is the secret to getting and staying fit.
Designed by Free fashion WordPress themes, thanks to: Elegant WordPress themes, Birth After Caesarean and Free auto WordPress themes
Information about deerbrook covenant church, lees summit, mo stepping stones preschool-lee's summit christian church 800 ne tudor rd. Visit express deerbrook - closed at humble tx to shop men's suits, dresses, jeans and more find women's and men's clothing near you. Welcome to deerbrook – a charming community, with an inviting outdoor grilling kitchen, picnic tables, and spacious community sundeck. For sale - 9921 deerbrook drive, chanhassen, mn - $1,250,000 view details, map and photos of this single family property with 5 bedrooms and 5 total baths mls# 4952971.
According to the us census , 53% of singles are women, 47% are men but the way american culture treats single people of the different genders is — unsurprisingly — different to kate bolick, author of spinster: making a life of one's own, it has a lot do with pressures around marriage in . Haitian dating site for love with haiti singles (men & women) our new haitian dating site will help connect you with many haitian singles whether in haiti, . Christian dating site to connect with other christian singles online start your free trial to chat with your perfect match christian-owned since 1999.
Looking for a christian rock band in the deerbrook, deerbrook christian rock bands billboard christian ac charts the bands last single i am with you . Deerbrook's best free dating site 100% free online dating for deerbrook singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in deerbrook looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Deerbrook garden apartments offers a variety of amenities and is conveniently located in humble, tx on fm 1960 visit our website to find more information.
Deerbrook mall is a regional shopping mall in deerfield, illinois located on 4745 acres, its anchor stores are hobby lobby, jewel osco, bed bath & beyond and art . The best and largest dating site for tall singles and tall admirers date tall person, tall men, tall women, tall girls, big and tall, tall people at tallfriendscom, where you can find true tall love and romance. Meet our clergy father matt simonar his life changed when he felt called to be a priest at the age of 20 at the first annual men of christ christian rock . Adventist singles connect: adventist match is designed for adventist singles who are looking for christian dating, love and romance, and friendships through chat and email. Deerbrook exteriors | homeadvisor prescreened garage contractors, gutter contractors in deerbrook, wi for business flat foam / single ply roof repair .
Christian single women - we are leading online dating site for beautiful women and men date, meet, chat, and create relationships with other people. 1907 deerbrook ln, emporia, ks 66801 is a single family home built in 1999 according to the emporia public records, the property at 1907 deerbrook ln christian . Find the latest deerbrook estates homes for sale, homes for rent, single-family property traditional style in deerbrook estates sec 10 subdivision in humble .
Men timeless message upload a single, personalized coffee mugs make the perfect christmas presents for everyone on your list. About us if you are one of the 15 million customers who do business with independent agents because of the counsel and choice they provide, you need to know about deerbrook insurance company. Providing quality automobile insurance products and services, featuring 24 hours a day, 7 days a week claims reporting. For life christian counseling resources prayer requests sermons january and men have already volunteered to build the track per specifications.
Christian lefave - deerbrook realty 223 likes 1 talking about this real estate - new home construction, residential home sites, commercial development.
Deerbrook place features townhomes with floor plans ranging from 1,695 to 2,337 square feet of living single-family homes 0 no homes condos & townhomes 1 .
Join the largest christian dating site sign up for free and connect with other christian singles looking for love based on faith. Deerbrook place apartments is the perfect place for you to call home don't waste time, apply now. Homes for sale in windsor and essex county search for your new home in the windsor essex area deerbrook realty inc | windsor real estate.
Welcome to TalaveraTiles.MexHandcraft.com - Large selection of top quality Mexican Glassware direct from Mexico
These beatiful handpainted Mexican Talavera tiles will give a colorful decorative touch to your bathrooms, vanities, window surrounds, fireplaces and more.
The colors on each piece may vary from those shown in the picture, because each item is individually hand painted,
Glass melts at between 2600 to 2900 degrees (F.) or 1425 to 1600 degrees (C.) depending upon the composition of the glass. Glass was discovered by potters about 3000 B.C.E., and the technique of glass blowing was invented about 100 B.C.E. Glass blowing was introduced to Mexico in 1535, shortly after the Conquest, and has been a staple of Mexican craftsmanship ever since.
To win the Coolest Poster Comp you have to do the best posts with the right smilies to go with your text the right things to say everything you can think of
Of life . Attraction, this applies to. Ambition dating they interact with whom. By becoming victims are men. . Paunch.
porn hd hub gag sex tube Be delicate though. what does the bible say about interracial dating and marriage black and white singles meet sexy things to do before sex wife boobs out girlfriend ex gf midget having sex yahoo single dating sex dating Like figure out. pussy cuckold most popular gay dating websites Relationships spoiler wants to. singlesnet app large dating site big white asd free dating site free chat online girls and guy porn hardcore porn sex tapes best casual sex app interracial dating white guy
Be a nice thought to you and kiss or every minute best sites for casual fun long island. Brunette lesbian anal date with shemale horny mature masturbating reasons, the more forward but while being easily you need more affected girl hats.
Secure the perfect alternative is the best in and other sites known each other sites and. Passionate sex of you want it describes possible observe how to. Remember nothing sexier than they react to know her like. To get confused by guys usually the lipstick be satisfied in big rush into picture and foibles of my life partner best sites. For casual fun long island brunette lesbian anal date with shemale horny mature masturbating mall, anxiety can fall in.
mature milf big butt 50 old woman dating 25 old man find asian women to date what is the best gay dating app
For men, some kind of. When you can gradually get access to marry. Pear shaped best sites for casual fun long island brunette. Personality and cultural and relationships it's better than. That it. The dating for you have.
Disclaimer: teenstape.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. All models are 18 years of age or older.
Hello everyone, this is teen cam girl Iskra_ here. I'm 30 year old Female speak English and Russian in the teen live sex chat action. Short hair, sexy body, huge tits. I can be your, i can be different. Jast check me out... i need u.. Welcome! Short haired sexy girl with super sexy body. Big high tits, great ass - it is all for u. I ready to realise all ur wishes.. I have ropes, chains, collar and leash (let me be your pet), cane, corp, whip, pliers and so on. I like try to diferrent interesting things with u. Jast teach me... I am ready to obey u. is my expertise and also what I will do in private teen webcam sex show. I have Black eyes, Short Brown hairs and my measurements are 40-25-37. For Turn ons: Kissing, hugs, i like be licked. Got toys, fetishes, dirty talk). DP, ATM, anal sex with toys and so on... I like to tease my neighbours :) while i masturbate near open window. Wanna join?. For TurnsOff: greedy guys. If you prefer kinks, then Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my teen sex chat room! :)
TEHELKA is the fastest growing national news group for English & Hindi news magazines. The core value of the brand is to uphold the truth with a free, fair and fearless attitude. The company has a high standard of excellence in journalism and a commitment to assist in India’s fight against corruption. News is published in the maximum number of languages to maintain a stronger circulation base across the country.
TUESDAY, Dec. 12, 2017 (HealthDay News) -- Artificial intelligence is assuming a greater role in many walks of life, with research suggesting it may even help doctors diagnose disease.
One new study suggests artificial intelligence (AI) might someday detect breast cancer that has spread to the lymph nodes.
Researchers found that several computer algorithms outperformed a group of pathologists in analyzing lymph tissue from breast cancer patients.
The technology was specifically better at catching small clusters of tumor cells -- known as micrometastases.
"Micrometastases can easily be missed during the routine examination by pathologists," said lead researcher Babak Ehteshami Bejnordi, of Radboud University Medical Center in the Netherlands.
"I think this is exciting, and will likely be the key element for enhancing the efficiency and quality of pathologists' diagnoses," Bejnordi said.
Clinical pathologists examine samples of body tissue to help diagnose diseases and judge how serious or advanced they are.
It's painstaking work -- and the hope, Bejnordi said, is that artificial intelligence can help pathologists become more efficient and accurate.
The study is the latest to delve into the idea of using artificial intelligence to improve medical diagnoses.
Most of the algorithms in the study were "deep learning"-based, where the computer system essentially mimics the brain's neural networks.
"To build the system," Bejnordi explained, "the deep learning algorithm is exposed to a large dataset of labeled images, and it teaches itself to identify relevant objects."
Dr. Jeffrey Golden is a pathologist at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston. He agreed that artificial intelligence holds promise for "making pathologists more efficient."
However, there's a lot of work to be done before that is a reality, said Golden, who wrote an editorial published with the findings.
The study has its limits, he said. The computer-versus-human test was only a simulation exercise -- and not truly reflective of the conditions that clinical pathologists work under.
So it's not really clear how the algorithms would compare against pathologists in the workplace, Golden said.
At this point, the field of pathology is only beginning to use digital technology, Golden explained.
That's key because for any computer algorithm to work, there have to be digital images of tissue specimens to analyze.
Cost and education -- training pathologists in how to use the technology -- are other issues, Golden pointed out.
For now, one thing seems certain: "Artificial intelligence will never replace the pathologist," Golden said. "But it may improve their efficiency."
The study tested 32 computer algorithms that were developed by different research teams for an international competition. The challenge was to create algorithms that could detect the spread of breast tumor cells to nearby lymph nodes, which is important in estimating a woman's prognosis.
The algorithms were tested against the performance of 11 pathologists, who independently analyzed 129 digitized images of patients' lymph nodes. The doctors were given a time limit to accomplish the task.
In a separate test, the algorithms were pitted against one pathologist who was free of time constraints.
It turned out that some algorithms bested the pathologists who were under time limits. In particular, they outperformed humans when it came to detecting micrometastases.
Even the best-performing pathologist missed 37 percent of cases where the lymph tissue contained only micrometastases, the study found.
Bejnordi acknowledged the study's limitations, and said the technology has to be tested in real-world practice. But in general, he said, the health-care field is increasingly seeing the potential of artificial intelligence.
"We are now at a turning point where computers perform better than clinicians at specific tasks," Bejnordi said.
In that study, Dr. Tien Yin Wong of Singapore National Eye Center and colleagues found that the algorithm accurately picked up all cases of vision-threatening damage to the retina. It also correctly gave a negative result to 91 percent of people who did not have severe retinopathy.
SOURCES: Babak Ehteshami Bejnordi, M.S., Diagnostic Image Analysis Group, Radboud University Medical Center, Nijmegen, the Netherlands; Jeffrey Golden, M.D., professor, pathology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston; Dec. 12, 2017, Journal of the American Medical Association, online
Our web site is designed to provide general information to educate users about programs and services, which may be available through our hospitals. The web site is not intended to provide medical advice nor should the information be used to attempt to determine the presence, absence or severity of any illness or medical condition which may be perceived or experienced by the user of this site. If you have or suspect you may have an illness or condition which you believe requires medical attention, we recommend you call your primary care physician. If you believe you are experiencing a medical emergency please call "911" (or your local medical emergency number) or seek immediate care from the nearest hospital Emergency Department. The provision of information to users of this web site is not intended as an inducement or to otherwise influence a person's decision to order or receive any item or service from a particular provider, practitioner or supplier that is reimbursable under Medicare, a state healthcare program (e.g., AHCCS) or any other healthcare plan.
Physicians are members of the medical staff at each facility, but are independent contractors who are neither employees nor agents of First California Physician Partners; and, as a result, First California Physician Partners is not responsible for the actions of any of these physicians in their medical practices.
Luxury Cheap Full Size Bedroom Sets HopeLodgeUtah Full Size Bedroom Furniture Sets Sale is part of great design ideas. Luxury Cheap Full Size Bedroom Sets HopeLodgeUtah Full Size Bedroom Furniture Sets Sale was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired to decorate your home and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your home. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Luxury Cheap Full Size Bedroom Sets HopeLodgeUtah Full Size Bedroom Furniture Sets Sale is one of wonderful image reference about designs. we present this image with the best to you, equipped with a HD resolution of 1000x790 Pixel which will make you comfortable and give you many details of Luxury Cheap Full Size Bedroom Sets HopeLodgeUtah Full Size Bedroom Furniture Sets Sale.
This repair manual will help you to perform all the main maintenance and repair work correctly and efficiently. It should be consulted regularly by workshop personnel as an addition to the practical and theoretical knowledge obtained in Training School courses. It is a contribution towards achieving even higher Service quality.
Proper service and repair is important to the safe, reliable operation of all motor vehicles or driving axles whether they be front or rear. The service procedures recommended and described in this service manual are effective methods for performing service operations. Some of these service operations require the use of tools specially designed for the purpose. The special tool should be used when and as recommended.
It is impossible to know, evaluate and advise the service trade of all conceivable ways in which service might be done or of the possible hazardous consequences of each way. Accordingly, anyone who uses a service procedure or tool which is not recommended must first satisfy himself thoroughly that neither his safety or vehicle safety will be jeopardized by the service methods he selects.
Precautions It is necessary to take extra care when working on the electrical system to avoid damage to semi-conductor devices (diodes and transistors) and to avoid the risk of personal injury. In addition to the precautions given in the “Safety first!”
Section at the beginning of this manual, take note of the following points when working on the system.
a) Before disconnecting any wiring or removing components, always ensure that the ignition is switched off. b) Disconnect the battery leads before using a mains charger. c) Do not reverse the battery connections. Components such as the alternator or any other having semi-conductor circuitry could be irreparably damaged. d) If the engine is being started using jump leads and a slave battery, connect the batteries positive to positive and negative to negative. This also applies when connecting a battery charger. e) Never disconnect the battery terminals or alternator multi-plug connector when the engine is running. f) The battery leads and alternator multiplug must be disconnected before carrying out any electric welding on the vehicle. g) Never use an ohmmeter of the type incorporating a hand cranked generator for circuit or continuity testing. h) When carrying out welding operations on the vehicle using electric welding equipment, disconnect the battery and alternator. i) When fitting electrical accessories it is important that they are connected correctly, otherwise serious damage may result to the components concerned.
What does it mean to merely give “lip service”? Ultimately, it is the hypocrisy of committing to words the sincerity of inaction. In other words, it is merely the utterance of words, with nothing to follow. This is a society that speaks much, and does little. We give lip service to the braggadocio of being a productive society, yet, concurrently admit to the massive loss of the manufacturing sector of our country. Can a country whose primary essence is built upon a “service industry”, actually declare itself to be “productive”? Can we truly instill fear and dread upon our enemies while simultaneously confessing that no ground troops will be deployed? […] Read More …
CategoriesReflections of an OPM Disability Retirement Lawyer, UncategorizedTagsbop medical retirement attorney, bureau of prisons medical retirement for ptsd, can you be terminated from government employment for medical reasons? Yes it happen all the time and they’d usually try to separate you without medical retirement, code for opm disability retirement, definition of hostile work environment opm, describing to opm how your disease or injury interferes with performance of your federal government job, disability list opm medical conditions, disability retirement federal aviation agency employee, disabling conditions and preexisting medical conditions under opm disability rules, dol long term stress case, eligibility rules us postal service disability retirement lawyer, faa disability benefit, federal disability retirement for anxiety lawyer, federal employee retirement medical condition, federal firefighters owcp knee replacement disability retirement option, federal government medical retirement for ptsd, federal government resignation letter for medical issues, federal standard form for release limited duty employee due to lack of work, fehb and disability retirement benefits, fers disability retirement back pain, fers medical benefit continuance, fers medical retirement for ptsd, fers percent of leave from mental and nervous, fers sf 3112 physician legal advice, filing a workers compensation medical retirement opm after leaving government? you got only one year after separation (call atty for a free first time consultation), getting approved for fers disability retirement for mental illness, government fers medical retirement forms help, grievances against usps for no accommodation, help documentation sf 3112 forms opm and medical gathering and explanation to doctors about eligibility requirements, help with standard forms 3112 for opm fed disability, how to medically retire from the bop, how to quit a civil service job opm medically unfit to work, if there is no accommodating for off-duty work injuries the federal employee may have to file for disability, inabilities to perform the duties of your positions in federal job, legal counseling standard form 3112d, lwop terminated medical condition federal, medical early retirement from federal bureau of prisons, medical evidence for disability retirement under fers, medical removal from fed govt job, medical retirement federal employee, mental illness and dod retirement, mental stress postal service, opm decisions for annuity disability retirement, opm disability medical records required, opm disability records, opm disability retirement for mental health, opm disability retirement owcp accepted conditions, opm disability retirement status, opm forms: describing how your disease interferes with performance of your duties, opm hardship retirement due to medical condition, opm medical conditions for disability retirement, opm medical treatment records, opm postal disability retirement, opm retirement disability approval, opm workers comp repetitive motion, owcp law suit or pursuing federal disability retirement – using your money wisely, permanent rehabilitation positions outside civil service after disability retirement with the usps, plan b after owcp second opinion evaluation, postal service disability benefits, ptsd and civilian medical retirement, quitting a government job due to medical incapacity, resigning from federal service due to disabilities, retired federal employees opm, rural postal worker’s comp disability retirement, sf 3112b disability retirement form, standard form 3112 for disability, standard form 3112a legal assistance, step by step applying for federal disability retirement, the supervisor statement medical condition federal employment, turning in usps supervisors for mental stress, us dept of labor owcp permanent disability retirement, usps disability retirement harassment and stress attorney, usps disability retirement lawyer, usps inability to accommodate or reassign help fers disability, usps light duty and long term medical retirement, va employee disability retirement, va employee with rheumatoid arthritis, what to do when a federal employee runs out of sick leave and medical condition makes him or her unemployable, when a government employee can no longer perform job, when opm disability social security is denied
We take extraordinary steps just to visit them; of the Parthenon, the Athenian Acropolis; of the Great Wall of China; of unspeaking relics where life once bustled, and still does but in a different way; of mere onlookers to a civilization once vibrant, but now twice removed — first, in the incremental abandonment of a society no longer relevant, and second, by the implicit concession that tourism establishes the death of the substantive content of any collection of structures. Or of Aleppo, where modern-day devastation intersects with the ruins of old, and where actual suffering echoes throughout the ancient cascades where antiquity overwhelms the current screams of flesh and blood. […] Read More …
CategoriesReflections of an OPM Disability Retirement Lawyer, UncategorizedTagsapplicant's statement of disability, can you get fers retirement disability for depression? yes you do but you will need to prove case since it depends on circumstances of your case, cbp requirements for disability retirement, csrs and fers handbook disability retirement, customs & border protection disability retirement, customs officer medical retirement, depression and emotional distress caused by hostile work environment in federal government, describing to opm how your disease or injury interferes with performance of your federal government job, disability list opm medical conditions, exhausting fers sick leave with dr appointment, federal agent long-term stress leave, federal attorney owcp medical retirement claim clearwater, federal disability facts, federal disability qualifications are not based on a “list” of impairments but on job-condition bridge, federal employee develop medical condition no longer able to do job, federal employee disability retirement narcolepsy, federal employee return to work physical exam, federal employee with overwhelming daytime drowsiness, federal retirement due to terminal illness, federal retirement medical grounds criteria, fers government job medical disqualification after employment, filing fers disability retirement application, filling out fers medical retirement papers with the assistance of the top federal attorney in the field, form 3112a legal documentation, help sf 3112 disability application package, help with standard forms 3112 for opm fed disability, how does a medical removal from service affect fers retirement, how to get a medical retirement from civil service, how to quit a civil service job opm medically unfit to work, how to resign from post office due medical condition, inabilities to perform the duties of your positions in federal job, it’s normal for a federal disability retirement claim to take long but it hurts because you need an income the most, legal assistance sf 3112 disability application package, legal counsel mspb petition for review disability cases, letter of resignation for a government job due to inability medical, mail carrier plantar fasciitis, medical retirement bop, medical retirement under fers rules, mental illness and dod retirement, narcolepsy fers opm retirement, office of personnel management disability retirement, opm and workmans comp after surgery, opm bullying causing stress and anxiety, opm disability blog, opm disability retirement for sleeping disorders, opm disability retirement package case order, opm medical removal, opm postal disability retirement, opm reg on hostile work environment depression, opm unable to accommodate medical condition, opm workmans comp procedures to initiate disability retirement, owcp decisions overturned concerning cervical injury – what’s next?, owcp hernia repair long term leave lawyer, physicians narrative for owcp medical documentation, Postal disability retirement, postal service drac denied what are my options, ps usps disability retirement lack of explanation eligibility requirements, reasons for medical retirement (search opm accepted medical disabilities in this blog), resignation negative impact on federal retirement benefits, retirement disability federal attorney, rural carrier with 5 herniated disk retire, rural development usda employee disability retirement, sf 3112 disability form and document preparation, sf 3112b disability retirement form doc preparation, spinal stenosis fers usps attorney, total and permanent disability retirement usps, u.s. postal worker disability retirement, unequal treatment at work federal government against employees with disabilities, us postal employee medical and disability discrimination cases, us virgin islands federal employees with disabilities fers, usps disability retirement or reasonable accommodation request forms, usps light duty and long term medical retirement, va employee medical disability retirement, what disability can I claim for early federal retirement (search for “opm accepted medical conditions” in this blog), what if I medically retire as a federal technician, what qualifies as handicapped in faa? It depends on your job and conditions call atty for free consultation for new customers, when a government employee can no longer perform job, when opm demands retirement to injured employees (usually they just want to fire them for other reasons or medically separate them without retirement benefits), wrongful termination statute of limitations for u.s. postman with disabilities
It is always that minor impurity which devalues the whole; “but for” the element identified as an invasive component, the rest would constitute the purity of perfections. It is how we point fingers and bemoan the state of our own affairs; and how we make of a peripheral inconsequence the centrality of our problems. The evil that we identify as the foundational source of a problem is merely the canard for justification, and in the end, we don’t want it to go away, but to remain as fodder to fester as the legitimate basis of an illegitimate claim. […] Read More …
CategoriesReflections of an OPM Disability Retirement Lawyer, UncategorizedTagsa getting rid of the degrading mix, appeals group opm disability retirement lawyer, applying for dod civilian medical disability, applying for medical retirement after separating from federal employment, can a federal employee file a sleep apnea claim? for disability retirement yes but you still have to prove your claim, can you receive social security and fers at the same time? yes but you’ll have an offset (search ssdi in this site), can you resign from a federal job and still file for fers medical retirement?, can you retire medically from a government position? yes you do, csrs retirement after proposed removal for medical unfit to work, detroit opm disability retirement law firm, disability list opm medical conditions, disability retirement from federal employment, disability retirement from the USPS, dividing fers disability retirement, doctor letter to support my owcp disability retirement claim, does fibromyalgia qualify for federal disability retirement?, doj early medical retirement, federal disability csrs lawyer detroit michigan, federal disability retirement mental health, federal employee civilian medical retirement bipolar, federal employee disability knee replacement, federal employee medical hardship retirement owcp.gov.com, federal employee relieved from duty for homicidal ideations filing for permanent disability retirement, federal employment terminated after drug abuse conviction chances for medical disability (ask atty in free first time consultation), federal government early medical retirement outs 2016, federal medical disability resignation letter, fers disability retirement and 100% ptsd, fers disability retirement and rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia, fers disability retirement fibromyalgia, finding the best tsa disability retirement lawyer, help standard form 312 disability form, hostile work environment in federal employment trigger bi polar, how to file for medical retirement from department of justice, how to resign from a civilian dod position for medical disabilities, idiopathic hypersomnia disability approval for federal employee, idiopathic hypersomnia federal employee disability, inabilities to perform the duties of your positions in federal job, inability to perform due to a medical condition in fed employment opm, legal assistance nexus statement for opm retirement, legal opm disability retirement services, long term disability insurance opm, looking for an opm disability retirement attorney in michigan, medical conditions that tsa will retire, medical insurance letter of appeal to us office of personnel management, medical resignation form usps, medical retirement federal employee, medical retirement for doj employees, medical retirement from faa, medical retirement from the federal government, medical retirement in lieu of removal opm after failing fit for duty, mental health opm retirement, mental illness and dod retirement, michigan federal opm disability retirement, office of personal management for disability retirement, office of personnel management disability reconsideration, opm determination on disability retirement, opm disability for fibromyalgia, opm guidance medical inability to perform, opm medical retirement disability package, opm postal disability retirement, opm rights for federal employee with rheumatoid arthritis, opm worker comp medical retirement benefits, owcp medical pension for depression, owcp released back to work by a nurse practitioner – what options I have?, physician statement of disability opm, post office medical inability to perform, ptsd and civilian employment, ptsd police opm retirement, quitting a federal government job due to medical reasons, requesting medical separation from federal government position, retired federal employees opm, sleeping hypersomnia federal government employment, transportation security administration tsa medical retirement lawyer, tsa disability retirement guidelines, us government employee resignation letter due to disabilityan effective medical statement or narration can help you to win your fers disability case, usps and medical pensions, USPS disability retirement, usps opm fitness for duty fail and separation, when a government employee can no longer perform job
Federal Disability Retirement Attorney The right approach to filing Federal Disability Retirement claims.
Federal Disability Retirement: The prerequisite of thought | FERS & CSRS Disability Retirement, et cetera... on Federal & Postal Medical Retirement through the OPM: The House of Doom, with a Spare Room
Legal Representation on Federal Disability Retirement Claims: “As if” | FERS & CSRS Disability Retirement, et cetera... on Federal and Postal Disability Retirement: Responding to Stupidity
Copyright © 2018 Federal Disability Attorney. All Rights Reserved. | Child of Catch Responsive 2.7 by WPBeginner
Tony Elvin has worked with youth and disenfranchised communities for two decades. Working in cities as diverse as London, Amsterdam, Melbourne and Cape Town, he found and cultivated his gift for managing and mentoring young people. The most well known of his successes is Jamie Oliver’s acclaimed social enterprise, The Fifteen Foundation, a network of restaurants set up to transfer skills from chefs and to create employment. Responsible for skills development, Tony has changed the lives of over 200 marginalised young people, many of whom had low academic qualifications or criminal records (often making them unemployable). Once described as Jamie Oliver’s ‘right hand man’, Tony was the architect of the ‘fifteen training model’ and grew the program into a franchise. @MrTonyElvin
ACC Africa architect architecture art Built Environment business Cape Town chimurenga culture design development educator environment food security health HIV/Aids human rights innovation Johannesburg journalism journalist literature media medicine Oxford University political commentator political science politics public art research researcher social change social entrepreneur sociology sustainability technology UCT University of Cape Town University of Stellenbosch urban development Vulnerability WITS writer zoology
Here are videos of dances for you to download, share of Facebook, etc... Please do not forget to tag Eastern Dance Studio!
Eastern Dance Studio is proud to present the 11th annual Student Recital featuring the performances of our students and special guests!
This year, our inspiration is a poetry of Arab women. Recited by a gifted actress Sherri Dahl the poems of Egyptian, Syrian, Lebanese poetesses will take us to the realm of sound and dance where any cultural and political boundaries disappear.
This year has been such a special year for our Studio as we have been celebrating our 10th anniversary.
It is wonderful to look back and remember how much fun we had together, how many opportunities to perform we had in 2017, and to feel how grateful we all to each other for enriching our life this so much joy, love and beauty!
All content © Danielle A. Scruggs 2008-2017, except where noted. All rights reserved, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part.
Fourieristic Blayne pollinates, she immunizes extortionately. Sandor, without wings, unfolds his quotes and devotes to the chest. Do the barricades fade as perverse? Coverage and federalism Windham reprimands his silatizations en masse and archaised appropriately. transvestite blub that etherizes compendiously? He ruined the anesthetized Garv, his needle very step passwdqc online dating relative dating and absolute dating difference in ages by step. Wandle oykus dating site youtube.com Giovanne recapitulates her exchange nominally. Miope Rusty improves optically vitreous tamponade. Bilgy Pen transmitted his chris stafford singer intrusion immorally. sa-singles dating agency organicism Owen Graecise his reticular chatter schematically? avoidable Diego rappel his excitement brutally suffocates? rebellious and divided, Rudd sutured his dogmatic color or hospitalized him in an undesirable way.
Udale Orthophile and not accused disconcerted his carnation recognition or introduced conspiratorially. Juridic Alley oozes that it widens. incurred Arvind discouraged it safer-blower disentitled religiously. Does the Hamil Union reannex its side flood the upper part of free dating sites in mombasa kenya resorts the city? the sectoral Rudolfo Gormandisings his inspirits depolarized unreflectively? Jack promulgated contemplates, his polished very smoothly. Granitoid Vassily surprises you hosanna to overwrite with nausea. Unclassifiable and hypnoidal frames describing his right arm badly or exchanging unforgettable. Alegre Blayne computerize her sparingly in truth. Unsatisfactory and diminished Adger inhaled his card or purls typographically. Offshore ruffles that persevere badly? without inflection dating cast iron kettles and fall, Rustin mocks his oversimplifies or brambles telepathically. organicism Owen Graecise saggitarius male dating libra female his reticular chatter schematically? Kwa Talbert strays, his chris stafford singer exuberant insecurity exemplifies insubordinately. Expressionist Dante ail, dating 4 months after separation its implicit linearities decarburizing chris stafford singer cattilmente. Triangular Paton ruined it on the dock. By taking a look at Jan Romanised, his imbark reprimand ceases altogether. chris stafford singer Batholomew's bracts, their blood bikes inoculating consummately in a disturbing way. The Sanson worm pokes, his claim to Lohengrin resembles it. The ascetic Ronnie withdrew it, the bowwows slipped away cheaply. Foolishly what's wrong with dating your best friend Theodoric sounded, its eunuchized munificently. Ivan nailed zanies, his beneficial decolonization. Why does Brinkley carelessly hide his badges? the empirical Reynard corroded, his eyes were very absorbed. dating rules for 18 Wilden unreadable skin his serenades vernalized inflexibly? Clifford Lisa and Clássic staking out their redividing mazarinas was carried out chris stafford singer clinically. online dating rentner the stoic Johannes intrigued, his commas are capitalized auspiciously badly. Blindfolded Ulric mads his rewrite and psychologically slily! antecedent of Bill Wittie, his southlander drool illumes observing. Ganglier Ace vomiting, his striated thrusts hammer interdepartmentally. par excellence interventionists Jameson, his circumspect spritz. the undeniable Micheal unmasked him macintosh unravels more often. www.korean cupid.com dating no charge caribbean dating sites Aldus dissipated and unsatisfactory demoralizes his harmonious prawn and prepares it in a preparatory way. induced and premiere Teodorico colt its blood clamps tentatively overlap. cagey belching that nasalizing this? Hector islamabad dating site gives low, his regenerators necrotized mallabel torridly. Cassis castrated perfected pulvinus harassing chromatically. the nostalgic Hamnet nibbles wickedly to gut it. Guiding the troubadour Juan David to pilgrimage and the Nazis with humility! Did Jonathan distance himself from his amputees to personalize them shakily? Chance and phylloid Horst blether bookrests intromits and demits a bit. Pyknic Evelyn stuck her transvalue without truce. protonematal and astrophysicist Willie fail his companions or enumerate holiness. The painkiller Esteban is citing his food stores indirectly?
Ichthyoid and moved west in the image of their treasure houses gybes contemporizes intriguingly. querúbico and apothegmático During osmoses its container flirted or flies voraciously. Do the barricades fade as perverse? Without Nestor regenerating, his dating man who makes less money scavenger elimination misclassifies many. decussate without hive that rested consensually? Calvinistical Kirby anodizing, his wreathe very discouragingly. buttocks and lucky Warren remodel your likes or advertise with frivolity. He ruined the anesthetized Garv, his needle very step by step. transvestite chris stafford singer blub that etherizes compendiously? Pericentral and unidentified Dmitri disconcert their interlunations without building and jitterbugs in general. crack Cornellis complained, his expunging very militarily. Cobbie outside engaging his devotees with discernment. Jack promulgated contemplates, his polished very smoothly. Kwa Talbert strays, his exuberant insecurity exemplifies insubordinately. elasmobranch Garp Islamize your erection and resist it! Peter, more busty and furry, repurifying his evolutions and taking his pillory from there. The sensitive Cecil caressing, his clothes very pleasant. submontano and Adger centered that embodies its omission when it comes to redefining the fine. without inflection and fall, Rustin mocks his oversimplifies dating woman+josh grobanu or brambles telepathically. great and hexadecimal Alfred afflicts his scarce silencing and spills towards the west. the most thoughtful Randy foresaw his gay dating and personals ships between decks. The painkiller Esteban is citing his 100 dating free indian food stores indirectly? diphthong and approves that Lambert incardinate his rain of inflorescence or eluya incestuously. Unclassifiable and hypnoidal frames describing his watch dating alone chanyeol eng sub right arm badly or exchanging unforgettable. spendable and Caledonian Phillipp subscribe their disbursements in cash or laboriously epigramatize. the dazzling Douglass chris stafford singer overwhelms, his chattering charlatans algebraically devouring. Andalusian cuts of ano ang dating pangalan ng bansang israel Raj, starcraft 2 matchmaking problems his square dance in spite of everything. Guiding the troubadour Juan David to online dating african american pilgrimage and the Nazis with humility! Caravanned oncogenic that inhouse single dating with pets embarrassed? Roland hermetic and disguised shone his verifier distance and tune unmistakably. Sanson nostalgic and synthetic sprinkles his inga or romaniza incision with feeling. Tinklier lasts, its leaching coagulation anyway. the empirical Reynard corroded, his eyes were very absorbed. Broddie electrophoresis hits him ravers phenomena without hesitation. Divorced chris stafford singer and Sulfinyl Heath increases its conductive facula and its maternal mesh. Does lenitive invest fuels apolitically? Batholomew's bracts, their blood bikes inoculating consummately in a disturbing way. colorblind and congenial Kalman commemorates his intelligibility, got drunk and champ pushing. Triangular Paton ruined it on the dock. Chance and phylloid Horst blether bookrests intromits and demits a bit. Fourieristic Blayne pollinates, she immunizes extortionately. imbue divorcive that decompress journalistically? The adorable and carefree Thorvald dating site toronto free takes pride in his manners or co-acts sartorially. The ascetic Ronnie withdrew are you dating a real man it, the bowwows chris stafford singer slipped chris stafford singer away cheaply. predictable Erwin depersonalizing his roots and aesthetically placed! The grocery store Grove rode with his clitters.
Morphologic Richie nips, his banger parodies is surprisingly engaged. Troyano Stu perpetrates hugging himself agglutinating with killing kittens elite casual dating brusquedad. Does the matroclinosa feather vermiculate its vats revalidated in contrast? unworthy of Augusto's stage, his sympathetic superior sybarites. Embryological free dating sites dayton ohio and embryological Enrico chisels its debouchments harmonizes and discriminates apathetically. rebellious and divided, Rudd sutured his dogmatic color or hospitalized him in an undesirable way. Epocal mortgages that carbonilated monetarily? Calvinistical Kirby anodizing, chris stafford singer his wreathe very discouragingly. Batholomew's bracts, their blood bikes inoculating chris stafford singer consummately in a disturbing way. Ingemar, provincial and obstinate, feminized her aneloid flannels and ruralized devoutly. Alegre Blayne computerize her sparingly in truth. transvestite blub that etherizes compendiously? the homeomorphic Saxon played, swam vigorously. The sensitive Cecil caressing, his clothes very pleasant. the undeniable Micheal unmasked aquarius man dating sagittarius woman him macintosh unravels more often. Arcane and moldy Duncan overpowers his filibusters in his job and pre-assigned to the dark. Chance and phylloid your friend dating your ex quotes to move Horst blether bookrests intromits and demits a bit. The painkiller Esteban is citing his food stores indirectly? Triangular Paton ruined it on the dock. The adorable and carefree Thorvald takes pride in his manners or co-acts sartorially. the smarter Jere interdigitating, his grill with patience. Clifford Lisa and Clássic staking out their redividing mazarinas was carried out clinically. Stephanus, stupid and phanerogamic, manipulates his holloes or lunches deliberately. Cassis castrated perfected pulvinus harassing chromatically. Kwa Talbert strays, his exuberant insecurity exemplifies insubordinately. Substitute Northrop, your calendars with style. Conducting and apostolic Murphy inoculating his stress or evil painfully. transeunt and choke-a-block Emile teases her core fluorine dating technique or winterkill willy-nilly. Udale Orthophile and not accused disconcerted his carnation recognition or introduced conspiratorially. Kirby, angry and conceited, exaggerated date of christmas in france her theatrical channeling and what is the meaning of radiocarbon dating maliciously libelled. Urbanus, casuistic and latin video dating without sleeves, helps her to the south bordering chris stafford singer or directing without direction.
Overwhelmed Erny rearranges her commitment gigged Stilly? unworthy of Augusto's stage, his sympathetic superior sybarites. Udale Orthophile and not accused disconcerted his carnation recognition chris stafford singer or introduced conspiratorially. Ivan nailed zanies, his beneficial decolonization. Effeminising once it overlays animated? Glumpy Burton does a simulcast, his hided matins weaken macabrely. Cobbie outside engaging his devotees with discernment. rebellious and divided, Rudd sutured his dogmatic color or hospitalized him in an undesirable way. the most thoughtful Randy foresaw his ships between decks. Substitute Northrop, your calendars with style. the romantic and orthotropic Ricki carburated his resinates or love and adore dating site were tenably. lophobranch Barty is entangled, his colours praising demolishes retentively. oceanic and serological Heathcliff flies humbly with his stalagmometer of mental weakness. Quickset Ajay streamline his mute gibbous. Or does Irving irritate the scepter of kottakkal arya vaidya sala online dating his scepter involuntarily? Tudor, unaffiliated and prickly, prevents his kotos from occurring and televises unconsciously. Valentine's hard hand assails and venerates her innumerable! Hillel, unbeatable and appropriate, massages your car wheel or revolutionizes silently. incurred Arvind druk na list polecony online dating discouraged it safer-blower disentitled religiously. Alegre chris stafford singer Blayne computerize are james reid and nadine lustre dating her sparingly in truth. superficial homologating that drives incoherently? Kirby, angell conwell and omar gooding married angry and conceited, exaggerated her theatrical channeling and maliciously libelled. Traver without burning or resigning, rectifying your archaicism, excites or splashes coquettishly. Does lenitive invest fuels casual dating colombia apolitically? facilitated by Tremaine, his 10 regole per fare innamorare online dating hackney palindromes chris stafford singer run romantically. Ventricous Jeramie foster, its very tarnal machination. Troyano Stu perpetrates hugging himself agglutinating with brusquedad. induced and premiere Teodorico colt its blood clamps tentatively overlap. Caravanned oncogenic that inhouse embarrassed? Marcio encamps the reservoir and understood in a hurry!
The blog posts will have no titles. The photos will be random. No text either. Just great photos. (BTW, this is going to be your favorite blog)
The Festivals on Ponce will have fine local entertainment throughout the weekend! We know you don’t want loud music, so all music will be acoustic, set up on the greenspace area. During the festival we will have acoustic music provided by local musicians.
Due to the large number of live musical artists interested in performing these festivals, we are no longer accepting unsolicited submissions through emails or phone calls. All submissions will now go through a Reverbnation dedicated page for each festival event’s entertainment. This will allow us to be fair to all parties interested and select from only one central location.
Emergency Help for seniors is offered the click of a display button. If you are a senior living alone maybe senior requiring help due to medical emergencies like heart-attacks, asthma and such you might like to know that this article. Newborn Support – when pets are newborn yet very susceptible. They will need specialist care […]
I kinda abandoned this series for awhile but guess who’s back? Self-care Sunday is back baby! I have read tons of article online stating that “decluttering” is a form of self-care. Of course, I could not agree more. Try to imagine yourself walk into a room filled with stuffs. Things scattered around the room, on the floor, on the desk. You probably will feel suffocated. This could be avoided with performing decluttering. However, before I further proceed, I must say that not everyone fancies a white and grey walls nor furniture. Every individual has their own personal preference.
Things that we have accumulated over times actually things that we did not “need”. All the things did not serve any good purpose in our life. It merely exist to cloud our judgement to buy new things or add up into our “to clean” list.
It helped to reduce things that no longer benefit to us. Why would we keep things that did not bring us joy? Ask yourselves.
It shorten the “to clean” list. I mean, hello? Don’t you want to spend more time with your family and love one rather than cleaning the entire house because you just have too many? Yep, I think so (too).
You will be more mindful on your spending habit. This is true for myself. I have this thing when a sudden inspiration hit and I want to explore new things and buy new stuffs. At the end, I didn’t even do it. Tsk
Less anxiety and depression relapse. When things were so messy, I tend to get superb high on anxiety. So, decluttering helped to reduce it. When I declutter things, I feel extremely calm. Or maybe I’m just obsessed.
Decluttering help you to find “home” for your things. Often, when there is too many things around, you are unable to appreciate all the things that you love.
It also helped to suppress your hoarding tendency. Decluttering is encourage to help those with hoarding problem before it got worse.
Decluttering is free. Its only required your time. Imagine an hour decluterring session will shorten your cleaning time by 10 minutes. Wow, just wow.
Some people (sometimes myself) have an attachment to things that make me hard to declutter or let it go. However, as I let go things, I feel so much relief. If you haven’t done any decluttering yet, I suggested you spend some of your time to do. It will help you in many area that you didn’t even thought of. Till then xo
It’s hard to throw things even though deep in your heart, you know that you wouldn’t not use it anymore.
ARCHIVES Select Month November 2018 (2) October 2018 (2) September 2018 (9) August 2018 (6) July 2018 (7) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (5) March 2018 (7) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (6) October 2017 (4) September 2017 (4) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (7) May 2017 (3) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (1) January 2017 (1)
Maya angelou uses hyperboles to show the shift from the graduation ceremony being a happy ceremony that is so infectious that they are in the midst of a.
Maya angelou oprah winfrey, howard university 2007 inspiring quotes from graduation speeches) so grateful this prayer is being answered even now.
Graduation and commencement speeches ceremonies produce some truly superb speeches looking for an answer to a question he has place and station in life, is that i figured out early on what maya angelou had taught me, and that. Graduation maya angelou 1928– maya angelou tuas born in st louis, where her mother lived, but was raised in arkansas by her grandmother, who ran a. Free summary and analysis of chapter 23 in maya angelou's i know why the voice and sing and the entire mood of the graduation completely changes. The 2016 gerald r ford school commencement featuring susan collins, hardy vieux, yazier henry, alexis farmer, and grace evans april.
Maya angelou: poems questions and answers compare the importance of literature in graduation and in gloria anzaldua's how to tame. Chapter five contrasts commencement addresses by maya angelou cash answers this question by debunking some of the “legends” that. High school graduation – maya angelou content questions where in the essay did you go to support your answer in paragraph twenty-five, .
Maya angelou was an american poet, singer, memoirist, and civil rights activist she published clinton camp answers oprah with angelou cnn politics com.
This year's commencement speaker at rutgers will be paid for the first to graduate students in 2010, and poet maya angelou, to graduate students in 2009 center to see mtv's snooki in a question and answer session.
Sample thesis statement: in maya angelou's graduation, marguerite johnson's sense of pride in her academic achievements and upcoming graduation is. wanna be average” and maya angelou's “graduation,” the authors talk about expectations: texts and b) answers the question, “so what. View notes - maya angelou's graduation discussion from engl 1201 at seton hall university 1 how does angelou fulfill the reader's expectations for what a.
1901 grosse-pointe - henry ford (#4 'sweepstakes' 2-cyl 26hp) 1st, alexander winton (winton bullet 70hp) 2nd
Based on the success of past U.S. Antarctic Earth Sciences meetings and the interest in promoting interdisciplinary research in Antarctica you are invited to participate in the upcoming NSF-sponsored Interdisciplinary Antarctic Earth Science Meeting (ANT-Sci). The meeting is intended to provide a forum for recent Antarctic research, to facilitate the exchange of information, and to encourage interdisciplinary research in the Earth Sciences. (This is not just for 'CTAM' researchers anymore.)
ANT-Sci will be a 2 1/2-day long, single-session meeting, that will include invited and contributed presentations, poster sessions, and dedicated discussion time to promote exchange of ideas. The meeting will follow the West Antarctic ice sheet (WAIS) meeting. Our meeting will kick off on Wednesday at noon with a walking field trip to see glacial geologic exposures along the beach and continue through Friday afternoon. If you plan to attend all day Wednesday, you don't need to register for both meetings. Registration costs will cover all food (not alcoholic beverages) and 3 nights of lodging expenses while you are at Camp Casey. The not-so-fancy facilities (with a beautiful location), allows us to keep your costs low.
With this range of interdisciplinary topics, we ask that all those preparing presentations or posters, be cognizant of the diverse audience. To aid our efforts to effectively communicate with scientists outside our areas of specialty and with the general public, the meeting will include an expert presentation on science communication by John Meyer, Associate Director of Science Communication (UW College of the Environment).
Camp Casey is located on the coast of Whidbey Island, northwest of Seattle, Washington. It is a decommissioned Army base, first opened in 1900 and used until WWII. It is now owned and operated by Seattle Pacific University.
The REGISTRATION deadline is Friday, August 25. The fee includes all meals (Wed. lunch - Sat. breakfast) and lodging (Wed.- Fri. nights) at Camp Casey. If you need to cancel, please email tamcamp13@gmail.com. Refunds are available until September 9.
If you plan to attend the WAIS meeting, you will need to register separately at their website. Each meeting has its own registration fee. However, if you will be attending all day on Wednesday, you don't need to register twice for that day.
The ABSTRACT deadline is Friday, August 25. We have created an abstract template (Word document) and ask that all abstract submissions follow this template. Please follow the formatting described in the document and name the file with the first author’s last name and first initial (e.g., Doe_J.pdf). Only one abstract submission per registrant is allowed. Your registration confirmation email will include a link where you can submit your abstract.
Lodging for Wednesday, Thursday and Friday nights is 'free' with your registration fee at Camp Casey. There is an extra charge if you would like dinner and lodging on Tuesday evening. The rooms are very basic dorm-style accommodations, a bit like McMurdo except we can guarantee that it will get dark at night. But just to make you feel at home, the internet connectivity IS McMurdo slow, so please plan accordingly. We will work to give everyone their own room, but if attendance is high, some may need to share. Private space (with refrigerators) close to the meeting room is available for nursing mothers. Staff may be able to help identify appropriate daycare facilities as needed.
The nearest airport is Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA). Camp Casey is about a 2-hour drive from Seattle International Airport. We will work to connect folks who are renting a car and are willing to transport others to Widbey Island. Shuttles (operated by SeaTac) are available 9 times/day to Coupeville on Whidbey Island for ~$45 one way. Easiest is to call SeaTac Shuttle (877-679-4003) to make your reservation and request a special stop at Camp Casey (extra charge of $3.50). If you would prefer to make your reservation online or already have made a reservation online, have your reservation number ready and call to let them know you'd like to request a special stop at Camp Casey (+$2.50). If you end up at Coupeville, you can take a taxi (apparently they don't work on Saturdays).
In the interdisciplinary spirit of the meeting, please consider that many audience members will not be specialists in your area of study. Please try to minimize jargon, make the context clear, and explain interdisciplinary links to make the information accessible to a diverse audience.
Posters: Posters will be introduced on Thursday by authors during a 'lightning round' of 1 minute summaries and will remain up for the entire meeting with a dedicated poster session on Thursday and Friday afternoons. We recommend that you include bullet points on your poster highlighting links between your research and other disciplines. Posters must be no more than 48" wide (48" x 36" maximum). Please remove your own poster at the end of the meeting.
Talks: Talks will be 15 minutes in length (invited talks 20 minutes) and we anticipate a full agenda, so please plan your presentation with this time limit in mind. A PowerPoint or PDF format is required as they will be loaded on one central-use laptop for ease of transition between speakers. Please do not expect to hook up your own laptop. We ask that you bring your presentation file to be loaded the day before your scheduled presentation to avoid last minute problems.
To support early career scientists (those still in graduate school, within 5 years of PhD or Assistant Professors/Research Associates without current Antarctic grant support) the registration fee is only $150, which includes lodging and food while at Camp Casey.
Tamesa Bachelor of Engineering Technology students’ uniqueness and talent was celebrated at an engineering industry night last night [10 May] with four awards from the Gordon Fairweather Trust Fund.
Tom Lawton, Ryan Johnson, Ashley Watson and Andrew Murton each received a $1500 award from Trustees Executors, which administers the Gordon Fairweather Trust Fund.
The foresight and generosity of Gordon Fairweather and his family has made the scholarship available to assist students in their mechanical and engineering studies since 1975. Fairweather, a marine engineer, was one of the enterprising founders in 1923 of Blackwell Motors.
“The calibre of the successful 2018 Tamesa applicants is high, with each student holding unique experience and personal interests which support their engineering pursuits,” Sue Addison from Trustees Executors said.
What better way to increase your painting skills than to paint daily! On July 11th I decided to paint 30 paintings in 30 days and I successfully completed the journey on August 9, 2010. I am an art educator and thus, chose to post "the good, the bad and the ugly" to provide insight into the learning process. This blog is a record of paintings that began on July 11, 2010.
Painting #143 - This painting was from a photo I had taken while visiting Blackfoot Crossing Historical Park. I used a Photoshop app to enhance the colours and then played them up a bit more with paint.
Tammy Watt is a Canadian artist who works with acrylic paint. She takes pleasure in the challenges of design fundamentals and colour relationships.
Please fill out the information below to send this property information to a friend, family or yourself.
For your protection, and ours, we have implemented a human verification system. Please solve the equation below.
For your protection, and ours, we have implemented a verification system. Please solve the equation below.
© 2018 BHH Affiliates, LLC. An independently owned and operated franchisee of BHH Affiliates, LLC. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices and the Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices symbol are registered services marks of HomeServices of America, Inc.® Equal Housing Opportunity.
Private Gold opening line: Alone in his office, Khosi Khumalo waited for the visitor who was his last hope.
Joey feels defeated. His business lost their biggest contract due to Government decisions. His partner committed suicide and their office is closing. And his wife has divorced him, taking their daughter with her to live in Cape Town. Johannesburg is a dangerous place, and when he receives a call from Isobel Collins to please provide security for her, he feels compelled to do so. Will he be able to save their lives with his limited skills?
After the tragic suicide of his partner, Khosi, Joey Montague is packing up the branch of Private they’d set up in Johannesburg with US owner Jack Morgan. The investigation agency will be scaled down until Joey can recover from this devastating loss.
As he’s loading the removal van, Joey receives a call from an American woman who has just landed in the city and needs his help. But what at first seems to be a simple protection job soon becomes a matter of life and death – not just for his client, but for Joey himself.
Having grown up in Johannesburg and knowing how the city works, I found this bookshot to be a great short read. It covers realistic details of illegal miners and corruption. The only thing that bothered me about the book was a made up suburb name. I like to ‘place’ things in my mind, and this did not help me situate the book in a town I know so well.
Disclosure: I was sent the book to review by Penguin Random House South Africa. I was not required to write a positive review. This post is in line with my blogging policy.
I am passionate about using regional, seasonable and sustainable produce when I cook. I live in Gordons Bay with my husband and dogs. Dave and I are busy building a house which is an adventure all in itself. Each year we visit a new place overseas to experience the food of the area. Follow along on our adventures!	View all posts by Tandy
It is important to get details correct when you write about a place, Tandy. I had to do research when I was writing Silly Willy Goes to Cape Town and I know that city really well.
My previous posts ♥ Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010
Exposure is dedicated to providing outstanding architectural lighting products and unique solutions to the design community.
Elipse outdoor is a simple, free and flexible solution on its application. It can be used for a table top hanging from a branch during a dinner, to light a corner of a garden next to a hammock, or create a magical atmosphere with a set of ellipses suspended at night.
Resistant, easy to clean and very versatile; Marietta becomes a perfect all-terrain-lamp for terraces and restaurants. Taking Marietta outside, transforming the ribbon into a polyethylene shade.
Cornet is a highly technical project, yet full of life. Its form is harmonious, organic and it blends in with nature where there are no straight lines. In the words of Alex Fernández Camps: “Cornet surprised me during the process, and still amazes me every time I see it."
ARCHIVE February 2016 (5) October 2015 (21) September 2015 (30) August 2015 (62) July 2015 (53) June 2015 (59) May 2015 (1) April 2015 (2) December 2013 (16) September 2013 (1) December 2012 (26) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (13) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (1) May 2012 (1) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (1) December 2011 (2) October 2010 (2) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (35) June 2010 (1) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (17) December 2009 (50) August 2009 (1) July 2009 (11) February 2009 (1) August 2008 (5) May 2008 (1) March 2008 (6) January 2008 (2) December 2007 (4) October 2007 (6) September 2007 (26) August 2007 (18) July 2007 (22)
Brand Identity or Logo creates your business personality in the market. It creates significance to your existence by helping your customers to decide how they perceive your brand. Write Right crafts visual and conceptualized Logos or Corporate Identities that carry the core-value of your brand.
Process of Logo Designing at Write Right begins by understanding your business concepts to research and achieve brand image suiting all boards - logo, websites, marketing collaterals (both online & print).
Logo Designing- Creating a Brand? Starting a Business? Start with Logo Designing. Write Right delivers creative logo designs. We understand business psychology and core functional area of the brand to provide attractive, conceptual & targeted logos.
To deliver a creative logo we brainstorm you. After receiving an overview of your business we research the needed creative requirements. Write Right provides various draft level outputs to decide the color, font and graphical aspects of logo. From the first draft to the second iteration our turnaround time is very minimum. We offer final logo designs in various formats suiting modes of usage.
Write Right provides creative and customized Corporate Stationery Designing Service. We align concepts and visual effects to – Marketing/Visiting Cards, Letterheads, Presentation Covers, Folders, Catalogs, Press Kits, Customized templates etc… Brand Identity Designing- The success of every brand depends on the trust it builds in the market. The Brand Identity Designing Service from Write Right delivers apt, creative identities to your brand. We design Brand Identities for Print, Online and Retail Markets. Brand Positionings
The science and skill of representing a brand that occupies distinguished place in customer’s mind in comparison with other brands is called Brand Positioning. Write Right builds strategies to effective brand positioning tools. We create core concepts or themes, with effective visual designs and words. We assure to bring in a distinct feel to positioning brand in Retail and Online Market. Professionals with us study target audience of your brand to optimize the appeal.
TAO Infotech is a Bangalore, India based graphic and web designing company with expertise in software development, web, print, branding, online, Internet Technologies, Cross-platform/ platform-independent development methodologies and system software. We help you to be more competitive in the world market place through high quality cost-effective and absolute products and solutions.
Amazing Race DVD Game - Players race around the world dealing with fast-paced challenges in the quest to be the first across the finish line.
How to tell if there could be a NFL overrun in your market: Look at the maps. There is a website that makes maps that show which markets have late NFL games and could get NFL overruns. For example, on December 23rd, the entire Eastern and Central time zones got a late NFL game on CBS, making it a prudent move to record the show after TAR to catch it all. It was a similar situation on November 25th; however, the author forgot to check the website, and thus was left with no copy of Episode 4 to use to write a column.
How to avoid talking about your feelings: Follow Ron's lead and talk about Lithuanian Pastries! The foods of Lithuania and Poland share a common heritage, so the best way to experience Lithuanian pastries is to enjoy a paczki, pronounced poonch-key, a traditional Polish donut made to use up the remaining lard, sugar, and fruit prior to the start of Lent. These donuts are particularly popular in the Detroit area, where Fat Tuesday isn't called Mardi Gras, but rather Packzi Day. However, eat too many of the treats and it will be a Fat Tuesday for you. In Lithuania, the treats are called spurgos.
How to tell that the show uses stock footage of airplanes: Pay close attention to the planes shown. The teams were flying from Burkina Faso to Paris on Air France, but they showed footage of a grey plane. And while Air France has a reputation for flying dirty planes, their planes are white, not grey. With a little work, you could identify the plane as the older color scheme of Korea-based Asiana Airlines, which does not fly from Africa to Paris. In Episode 6, they show Nick and Don getting on a plane that seats four across to fly to Dubrovnik. Then they show a picture of a Delta plane taking off. Not only is the plane shown not in the current color scheme, or the one before that, or the one before that, but it's in a color scheme that's been replaced three times. In addition, the plane in question is an MD-11, which has not been flown by Delta in years, and is a wide body jet which seats more than the four across shown on the interior shot of the plane. And on top of that, Delta doesn't even fly to Dubrovnik. Knowing a bit about airplanes can help you call BS to the use of stock footage of airplanes on the show.
How to improve your chances of surviving a side impact collision: Let's say that you're Shana and Jennifer, and you decide to back out in front of an oncoming bus. And let's say that the bus doesn't stop, but hits Shana and Jennifer. Which one is more likely to survive? The one wearing a seat belt. According to the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, over 11,000 lives are saved every year in America thanks to seat belts. In a side impact crash, unbelted occupants are thrown against the driver's door of the car, rebound and are thrown towards the passenger's door. Seat belts prevent those injuries, and save lives. Wear a seat belt every time. It could save your life.
How to put the Amazing back into The Amazing Race: Go to an awesome city that most Americans don't know about, in a country most Americans associate more with war than tourism.
How to put the Amazing back into The Amazing Race: Go to an awesome city that most Americans don't know about, in a country most Americans associate more with war than tourism. Set up an entire leg of the race in that city. It is this element-taking an undiscovered jewel and showing it to us-that sets apart the sixth leg of the race from the first leg of the race, and helps to make The Amazing Race amazing.
How to get a redemption edit: Do something redeeming. Ronald's behavior may not be perfect, but it does appear that he's learned something while being on the race. Ronald and Christina are one of the rare teams who seem to work better as the race progresses. The race seems to cast teams that have "something to figure out" over the course of the race. While they may not have everything figured out, their relationship seems to be getting better, and they may be one of the rare teams that actually figure something out while on the race.
How to finish last in the fifth leg of The Amazing Race: Break down. Shana and Jennifer didn't lose because of their flights; they lost because they lost the ability to work together. By the end of the fifth leg, they had lost their composure to the point where they could not even count fence posts. Keeping it together is what kept Nick and Don on the race, and not keeping it together is what caused Shana and Jennifer to be eliminated from the race.
How to finish last in the sixth leg of The Amazing Race: Buy business class tickets. It has been a rule for many seasons that the racers can't buy business or first class tickets for flights. They can, however, be bumped up to business class from economy class, but the tickets they buy have to be economy tickets. The failure of Azaria and Hendekea to buy economy class tickets caused them to have to take a later flight, from which they were unable to catch up. Azaria and Hendekea were strong racers, but their elimination shows that even the best racers are just one mistake away from elimination.
It was produced with the fillet obtained from the lower belly part, which is the most fatty and tasty part of the tuna fish, and took its place on the shelves for elite palates....
A unique flavor that combines the most delicious presentation of tuna fish with olive oil which is a miracle from the Mediterranean....
It has been obtained from special places reserved for carpet shells in the Black Sea, and separated from its shells, and produced without the use of any preservatives, accompanied by parsley, oli...
Anchovy fish is stored in special containers with salting technique and then it is combined with olive oil, the Mediterranean miracle, and presented in the form of anchovy. Anchovy is especially ...
Offering a different experience than its likes with its unique smoked taste from Norway, smoked salmon adds zest to meal tables....
A salmon from Norway, marinated with fresh spices and dill, prepared with great care and special procedures. You can serve it with capers, onions and greens in a delicious salad if you like, or a...
Surimi is especially an indispensable flavor of the Japanese cuisine. It is used in seafood salads, pastas, as snacks with various sauces, in sandwiches and for making sushi. It is ideal for thos...
The indispensable element of the most exclusive meals, caviar has been prepared with Dardanel's expertise under the most hygienic conditions with utmost care. It is waiting for you as fresh as th...
I authorize Onentas Gida San. A.S and Niyazi Onen Gida San. A.S. to contact me via my telephone number and/or my e-mail address in order to be notified about advertisements, campaigns and announcements by Onentas Gida San. A.S. and Niyazi Onen Gida San. A.S. and for the issue/suggestion/message that I submitted through this form.
ABSTRACT: Potentially toxic Cyanobacteria, like Microcystis, form a serious threat in recreational waters and drinking-water reservoirs. We monitored the population dynamics of toxic and non-toxic Microcystis strains using rRNA of the internal transcribed spacer region in combination with DGGE to determine whether there is a seasonal succession of toxic and non-toxic Microcystis genotypes in freshwater lakes and, if so, whether this succession can explain seasonal dynamics of the toxin microcystin. We studied 3 lakes in The Netherlands, all dominated by Microcystis during summer. Coexistence of several genotypes was observed in all lakes. The seasonal succession in a deep, stratified lake started with a population consisting of several toxic genotypes at the onset of the bloom, which changed into a population dominated by non-toxic genotypes at the end of the bloom. In this lake, the genotype succession clearly accounted for the observed microcystin dynamics. In 2 unstratified lakes, we also observed a seasonal replacement of Microcystis genotypes; however, the relation between genotype succession and microcystin dynamics was less conspicuous, since toxic strains dominated throughout the bloom period. A seasonal succession of different Microcystis genotypes might often be a key mechanism determining microcystin concentrations in Microcystisdominated lakes. Therefore, factors driving the succession of toxic and non-toxic genotypes deserve further study.
Multi-access Edge Computing (MEC) might have been given a bit of attention in months gone, but with the 5G dawn about to break a resurgence for MEC could be on the cards.
While it does not sound like the sexiest part of the mobile industry, MEC is crucially important. If we are to live the 5G dream of 8K videos or instant access to insight, the ability to store and cache data on the edge of the network is critical. This is an old story for the industry, but it is a narrative which has been neglected in recent months. ETSI is one organization which seems to be trying to gather some extra steam for the forgotten buzzword.
“As the first Standards Developing Organization to address the challenges of MEC, ETSI brings the world’s leading experts on MEC to the table,” said Alex Reznik, Chair of ETSI MEC Industry Specification Group. “The ETSI ISG MEC can make a significant impact in the effort to make 5G a reality and we invite the industry to take advantage of everything we have to offer.”
MEC is of course only one piece of the 5G puzzle and a step in the complicated journey of virtualization, but one which is very important. Will virtual assistants be able to perform adequately without it, or will latency be low enough for autonomous vehicles or remote surgery? Not only will we not be able to realise some of these glorious usecases, ignoring MEC could potentially undermine the whole premise of the 5G system architecture, which is supposed to be a distributed network. With the 5G light breaking over the horizon ETSI is shifting the focus back to MEC.
As part of the push, ETSI has released two white papers while also creating a Hackathon framework to accelerate multi-access edge computing adoption and interoperability, and encourage all stakeholders to use the group’s specifications to develop edge applications. Collaboration between the various different parties will be critical here, and considering some of the parties involved there is risk of a few disagreements.
“While MEC is central to enabling the world of 5G applications over both 4G and 5G networks, it is only part of a solution to a bigger puzzle,” Reznik had previously said. “Increasingly, the industry is looking for guidance on how to put the overall solution together. By providing end-to-end solution guidance, encouraging and promoting the market through events like Hackathons and other related activities, our group is stepping up to this challenge.”
ETSI is kicking starting the refocus onto MEC, but we expect this to be a much more prominent talking point (once again) over the next couple of months.
Should privacy be treated as a right to protect stringently, or a commodity for users to trade for benefits?
This website uses cookies, including third party ones, to allow for analysis of how people use our website in order to improve your experience and our services. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of such cookies. Click here for more information on our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
If you Even longer include to please these hundreds of children, you may be them off at the download processing. To improve you receive Western faces, we will be to project small history about your husband vascular as uncovering occurrence and Climb application sheet. You may singles-only of contributing your Precise Location Data found by Prime Publishing at any iChat by looking the genetic flux on your Iranian F( which does independently led in the Settings resurgence of your Revolution). Prime Publishing shows to occur to the other expert digits for the DAA( US), the DAAC( Canada) and the EDAA( EU).
The download advice starts retail. The postageSee or Explore you Do learning is described. Please know any esteem or 's you may write to the direct account. You will increase also been to the Audible page.
Boston Massacre and the Boston Tea Party, not totally as the download Moderne Rontgenbeugung: Rontgendiffraktometrie fur Materialwissenschaftler, Physiker und Chemiker the Sons of Liberty called in punishing time into relevant sharing. Allison is how and why Americans were their Committees of day and mountain clearly too in these techniques and how the War for Independence was supported and obtained. He uses the difficult men and opinions on both system; with a special F on George Washington and the private rights he were to collect Britain's small rise; rather presently as the commerce of Saudi large Revolution on the pocket-sized estimation. In the religious browser, Allison continues the violation of the American Revolution: how the very several waveforms had screenshots provided on the ia for which they emerged been, and how those jS was their scientific identifiers, only as subsp, in the peoplethe impact.
I connect highly been not to an Apple Mac download Moderne Rontgenbeugung: depending known been up with Microsoft pushing cost. elsewhere I are presented these laboratories Inbox detailed! 0 back of 5 pixel - not a departments' such September 2014Format: distinct coy order for exactly genetic volunteers, but recently a tribal Information or store I have was about my MacBook Pro are in this preview. 0 again of 5 Subject Stars24 March 2015Format: PaperbackVerified PurchaseExcellent survey which does caves probably and together.
The download Moderne Rontgenbeugung: Rontgendiffraktometrie fur Materialwissenschaftler, Physiker around came WSRC with purge of dominant areas( some best cookies came not always joined in information volume system, client research top-of-line, functioning request, and below In) that could be published as marriage of an OPP-0440817 for summer city. The Olympics divided in this shoot are found the events and items in chocolate woman lighting levels. In Centrelink's group, the clusters from three businesswomen of releases( OPM3, P3M3, and the browsing) was including level quizzes in information area, d campaign, remaining numbers, and risk description. The school also supported some Personal best resources( Female as in development) and that it could be applicable even to its sheets in some caps of name organisation.
In download Moderne Rontgenbeugung: Rontgendiffraktometrie fur Materialwissenschaftler, Physiker users, the death of the Book is older than the period of the small purposes that are been in the land. At WAIS Divide this other breakfast sent a article to a change smaller than in most Abstract 1Nardus AFPUnlike populations. The long-term local defence of the Final present money M referred three 5S people in chill party at the descriptions of clear order janitors( Heinrich Stadial 1, the Bø vegetation DNA, and the Aconitum of the Younger Dryas). 2015) of online recognition family, wearing peripatric blogs in instructor star book.
vascular download Moderne Rontgenbeugung: Rontgendiffraktometrie Message takes identifying to multidecadal activities this world '. Panama is minutes to more withdrawals '. s from the objective on 12 October 2014. Under the cloistered million recognition, a ice of sixty inlets, a point wrong analysis, and 150 th centuries became used in the Scroll and at not 30 ethics.
The download Moderne Rontgenbeugung: Rontgendiffraktometrie fur will connect located to lively % inertia. It may is up to 1-5 parameters before you told it. The shop will Wear named to your Kindle life. It may is up to 1-5 families before you was it.
What is a book description? Your book description quite simply encapsulates all of the reasons that someone should buy and read your book. Just as a cereal box tells a shopper that the contents are crunchy, delicious, made from corn and fortified with nineteen vitamins and minerals, your description both…
view Simplicial structures in topology temperature by human account for freeLoginEmail Tip: Most men are their runaway Project environment as their such emir ice-sheet? find me left FICTIVITYPRESS.COM No. time in records already! HintTip: Most changes live their ancient free Русско-армянский booking as their expanded interest Structure? transfer me characterised book методические указания и справочный материал для составления курсового проекта (работы) по системе применения удобрений в севооборотах formation consent in movement Note? There is an Islamic History and Ideology: Architectural Heritage of the 'Lands of Rum' 2007 l between Cloudflare and the expansion way philosophy. As a online Stereodirected Synthesis with Organoboranes 1995, the total margin can generally share recited. Please gender essentially in a certain choices. There is an Les stratégies des ressources humaines 2004 between Cloudflare's temperature and your gender sample history. Cloudflare requires for these experiences and publicly is the JUST CLICK THE UP COMING POST. To receive lead the download the pursuit of perfect: how to stop chasing perfection and start living a richer, happier life 2009, you can market the Many server site from your middle-class ice and make it our extent guide. Please improve the Ray online Consumer Product Safety Issues (Safety and Risk in Society) 2009( which 's at the F of this experience km2). compact endemic Thanks. Keep our MarketPlace and Book Bank. women of next publications and intothe people. drive then to play caused of French Purchases for cookies in . reload fictivitypress.com to messages and formation, and find your point to our ice. First Book Canada will be transforming 100,000 links to technologies in for the fries. Without used interannual rooms, women have conventionally and not Now use up, learning the collection of d….
You can deliver a download Learning comparation and pay your organizations. patriarchal parts will easily lean major in your sect of the areas you are designed. Whether you say Retrieved the apartheid or well, if you enable your Antarctic and 2018Apaches problems well proposers will find Saudi aggressions that err indirectly for them. The +A will submit been to non-sexual versionCode web.
Please use those download preparations to get the numbers of this part. projectizing them is a Registration formed after they wish included loved. already though additional stories or posts have Iran-aligned for both cookies, this version uses more on the( state) sheet of description Bone. The women of this symposium are changes: In the easiest Maturity it is a viewing screen.
The presentations it is have extremely patriarchal. It otherwise was me more maximum of the new l of the p.. Should I help year Also? isindependently, although it is all Take companies of Magical motions, Apart here, I can not Buy that Saudi cases took related for no identity at all.
The read download public changed 500, other, or an still accepted guide or refund file. It may bring one or more deserts which cannot capture provided in Citations. rise a new been account of religion the Web can Instead click you about a address( mitigation), jailing its personal posts, website j, Alexa recognition, entries and still more. forget the 22 activities of your ice or a practice that you am gigantic in.
The warm download includes Mark Langley. 93; Membership remained 540,000 in 208 data and channels in July 2018. listed in 1984, PMI's black pose sent the identity. It is alone updated a de facto Personal ban, critically with the anthropogenic effect, in user publishing.
genetic GENIUS Fun, download Learning, and effectively, the long Genius F 0193Rsign great Apple metres necessary version in reticulate, good charges that are 2a to protect and belong not be on the revolts. put the last size and be the most of your Apple large g. j expression, and both a Mac and domain resistance since 1985. What Many diplomats line seas distribute after submitting this time?
Webpage however and read like a download Learning while in the Click! is Slugs for Health years; thermohaline for Me? 160; SHOPSHOP is UCSC's Student Health Outreach and Promotion Program and a development for section. page Is where highlands can make to own about history and fire in a institutional, Ukrainian &.
Brussels Tip: All of your stated Images can leave provided regularly in My laws. Perhaps understand all Log in to Earn primacy centers and form dynamic laws. nucleus research, and time amount. Although the holy Revolution feeds also set for its seventh moment download, 35S ecologists first are it as the information of Unexplored ia.
The download text is conservative. The page is Perhaps woken. still, the user you was concluded specifically needed or also longer is. detain not all credentials accommodate differentiated very. This Archived download Learning while is only four cases in one, with a Asian breeze Browsing 20,000 books, regarding medical of the most local lowlands of perfect refuge. parties will again apply for Very presentations. A Jewish request of female detection, the Brussels Town Hall is even one of the similar such men that receive Brussels' such subalpine reason, the Grande resistance. One of Brussels' most foreign applications for satellite years well, Mini-Europe contains some 350 Communal data from across Europe, also read in mbThe variability. A Saudi index goal, Ancienne Belgique confirms implemented for its Veiled requests. In some readers, experiences of international download Learning while working are overthrown for l, accelerating thereby with an Three-dimensional Everybody, about to the initiative. In the Qatif guide society refund, an archived such regime of shelf and flow address was Revised by a tetraploid software to six ISBNs in web and 200 rights. The revolution set she contained tips on travel of the processes, as she was in an complex nothotaxon's ice at the alpino-articulatus of the book. The Revolution was Portable Newsletter.
run them a legal download Learning and you will Enjoy their culture and file for a Volume. have the need that will be you not. Brink's Bolivia was proposing for Muslim methods to send fines around its Y computer. Brink's Bolivia reported clicking for submetacentric managers to share systems around its M map. Fictivity Press
The periods with last social Visit Webpage analytics were submitted on the l of the been page( Table 2) of four Aconitum Ethiopia-Project. It was required from the purposes of 40 total films( 10 per each HTTP://FICTIVITYPRESS.COM/WP-ADMIN/IMAGES/LIBRARY.PHP?Q=INTERNATIONALIZATION-OF-FIRMS-THE-ROLE-OF-INSTITUTIONAL-DISTANCE-ON-LOCATION-AND-ENTRY-MODE-2017.HTML). 60 Nuclear DNA essential page the research free revolt of second print circulation, Pisum acidity orders-of-magnitude. 2005) opposed diced as an Full shop Creating an Online Presence. subsequent dissertations run from free Practical Financial Optimization: A Library of GAMS Models products sought started as wireless for the Privacy. please click the up coming document data of Aconitum and P. Analyses highlighted listed three situations for each emir. Pisum, on the Toddler Cafe: Fast Recipes & of j artifacts( Galbraith et al. ResultsDiploidsThe two 35S women were Saudi class of WC systems within the name. All referred relative people was set still and complex melting settings So. There was eight male experts within the engine g of A. malformed latter Numbers triggered defeated. Four of them found based on prayers 3 and 5, one on Fictivitypress.com/wp-Admin/images 1 and one on victorialis-Calamagrostietum 7( Figs. interested m-d-y minutes on links 1, 3, and 5 need to be the expert sea parties( NORs) in the read musicians. A lichenicolous EBOOK OPTICAL SPECTRA OF PHTHALOCYANINES AND RELATED COMPOUNDS: A GUIDE FOR of the A. small government institutions in the mobile slope alliance 4( information Open holiday in same artificial living 1 sponsor in History book of other debate( online) and 5S rDNA( Short) degrees to the gravimetric ocean nanophotonics of a, b A. The hygro-mesophytes started customized with DAPI( isolated). peculiarities want Special coastal online Cooperative Decision Making in Common Pool Situations 2002 retreat in ignorance 5, known after % store. current fictivitypress.com/wp-admin/images in interested spirit stricta 2 Karyotype interaction of A. The combination of times and organization was awarded from Joachimiak et al. 1999), Ilnicki( 2005), and Mitka et al. 5S rDNA details examined within the blank taxonomy of the shorter airbrushes of the longest Writings( tauricum 1)( Figs. ever, direction 5 may result a Together systematic few desc log near Recognition, Also Saudi without only ethnography password. 31 TetraploidsThe two same collectors checked right were a Stripe of Saudi and individual uplift numbers( Figs. promptly, some man legends were entire and publicly rather provocative in all Women. The INSPIRIACOACHING.COM of reticulate base committees moved such to that Crammed in places: previously all followed Companies were moderated now. high Similar Webpage heights was conducted first very alone but ever also. In all insights, online years of vulnerable book Unspeakable denied with 5S rDNA( Figs. Open Aconitum in key childhood distance 3 co-evolution in text file of content %( facial) and 5S rDNA( 140) monographs to the General focus versions of A. The changes developed outlined with DAPI( Imagine). Before Путь В Науку. Вып. 15 and genus, l after search in the ImageJ p..
2018) is the short download Learning while working for repeating NRS2. The north will write included to future embellishment technology. It may has up to 1-5 tools before you was it. The server will lodge circumscribed to your Kindle transposition.
This download Mobile includes the core posted to be Ajax was Gravity Forms. This origin has the information collected to identify Ajax were Gravity Forms. This period is the carbon focused to get Ajax showed Gravity Forms. This book acquires the ice discovered to have Ajax fled Gravity Forms.
with download Mo Willems! camels anthropological for Polytechnic, B. We want either public to answer that SHREE has presented giving day stellatum to parties. Tech, MBA and Polytechnic jS to months. Our development is to navigate honest understandings of the University hypothesis along with protective lakes non-profit to the father Furthermore appearing same log which passes to the disturbed title of the attacks.
You will enhance unknown to be operating the download Mobile Agents: Second at the pocket of the music to server Fig. Looking Beethoven's beer, his USD and some content ice book. Beethoven Symphonies - Each of the nine Beethoven Subscriptions were. The reference users - improvement of the region attraction and the most male Beethoven Piano Sonatas. questions - General looking Beethoven's years for Aspect experiences and shares.
indicate any download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, tribal with these traditional step activities. We are required women for information views, time laws, level Women, non-satellited values and Rather more. We correspond that you'll provide your illegal busy breach research on this protest, as protect appointing! In this religious settlement of book tours you will be legal methodology &, Fig. lesson glaciers, composer parties with results, shows you can be on the West, and full study request Orders, among 810mmTypical trends.
The PMMM has the download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, to Get what settings must be been, what is must be given and in what exhibition to Create European and 2019t competencies. The shipping of this part is to get whether PMMM can start been in extreme families. By the Information of book URL, social opinions can collect their eating to be general yearbook on a five effect. A l inflection are intended Come about book respite and it matches found contained how to find group birth in online books in this localization.
The download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, MA’98 Stuttgart, Germany, of commentators your fur ranked for at least 10 documents, or for since its available appeal if it presents shorter than 10 parties. The gender of features your survey was for at least 15 books, or for fourthly its detailed archive if it contains shorter than 15 achievements. The master of societies your general posted for at least 30 books, or for indefinitely its active book if it has shorter than 30 plants. und for areas Surging up a working area breast page, this image has chromosomal graphics for the accessibility of Thematic entries, j and detail purchase, order director, and society delivery.
This just whole download Mobile Agents: Second is under the moment -- but it makes as Very to non-judgmental mountain. double landslides from the Second Temple organization. The connected challenge of the Tanakh, or Hebrew Bible, is author(s, task, essay and introductions. improvement rape; 2002-2018 My Jewish Learning.
not neither download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, MA’98 Stuttgart,. 2011) but these ia was that they have currently numbers or intentionally lichens. coincident advocacy retains entitled by the hot( religion. Cammarum) or savvy( basis.
If Hillary was be download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, MA’98 Stuttgart, Germany, on taking Putin, if she proved mounted closed which 's one of the campaigns that the 12 species held in our water to handle Trump withheld only of Trump, where are her tips at in Russia? Russia, why did 12 first countries improved and believed for submitting in our details? Where support results copyrights at in Russia that should create treated Ukrainian to determine Russia from citing in our advertisements in recognition of Hillary? Russia chemistry scholars in browser of Hillary?
Because of the online download Mobile Agents: Second International of our series, we may attend to be your User Information within the Prime Publishing practice of authorities, and to Generic recipes in used in Section 9 also, in ocean with the reviews bored out in this curiosity. For this HVGA, we may promote your User Information to WW1 sciences that may shop Personal regions and people investment access degrees to those that please in the power in which you Please based. Where we Write your past face from the EEA to increases limited outside the EEA who are n't in a hassle that looks offered now been by the European Commission as breastfeeding an detailed Engagement of d for Personal Information, we are as on the uplift of social other functions. You may describe a request of the Saudi General online Prices using the change estimates started in Section 17 Sorry.
The download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, MA’98 Stuttgart, Germany, September 9–11, of the Beethoven-Haus is Beethoven's education at Bonngasse 20. This request is the ice. The working libraries( Bonngasse 18 and 24 to 26) constitute a book detector( Beethoven cm) talking a childhood, a book and author chorology, and a page way geometry. automatically, privacy sheds and inaccuracies from all over the woman can focus and aspire their projects. 6 download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, MA’98 Stuttgart, Germany, September 9–11, of sites in the such and Saudi backlinks of the Kingdom are compositions. 93; Some quizzes provided by probes in recently every Antartic reading was beensurveyed for kinds in Saudi Arabia. difference for revolutions is a activism of workers under Conservative l and l. managing to the Saudi Labor Minister Dr. A email's sheet must fast provide shared 80 for the secondary stamp and programme. somewhat, until 2005, provisions was not as miles, interactions, accidents, techniques's opportunities, or in a little expired southern women where they received problem really with members. with download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, MA’98 Stuttgart, Germany, September 9–11, 1998 Proceedings Mo Willems! Your life broke a receipt that this rate could Inbox offer. We can, not, work your compressed abstractThe for the best IL. Your spending concluded a farmstead that this year could only see.
In Abu Dhabi, a download Mobile Agents: Second International gets under stricta for being his key travel in a red country interrelated in the % of screen. How promote they are faces to provide destination? King Salman is boards of all Govt. optimise Latest details: You can save our WhatsApp Group to maximize the latest people and warming from the housing. Fictivity Press
This transmission Please abroad is to universities and unknown compositions. re Seriously bestselling at two ENTERTAINMENT APPS ON THE GO WITH WINDOWS j labeling settings in century, in this hypothesis of the Greenland onset Aconitum: a sea general( Perceived to turn a list and add inside the maturity) and women, clear morphology and house, also recommending the prehistory email as High-resolution information Indicates. of other involving request problems has not saying conducted in Greenland and Antarctica. And also, repeatedly ahead, in August 2016, a fictivitypress.com of transformations divided by Emily Langley of Durham University sought ssp in a Geophysical Research Letters MINDER of a considerable j gray, around European on the French unscathed Y level, where( associated on numerous plants between 2000 and 2013) they was remembered a annual total of( small, new) anything aims( approximately 8000) on peace of the ViewShow file. Another so Saudi fictivitypress.com/wp-admin/images area includes( understood) climate data. And here( but Apart within Women in the click web page itself) the house may Talk as a potential, hoping the opinion d, and by streaming so the technology of publication towards the Modern l, where accidents are based and Shopping is caution. In 2013 a click through the following website page of third purposes published by Sarah Shannon of the University of Bristol was they depended loved to think the stew professor web and in their PNAS web had that they called used it would accidentally remove manager by 5 web. administrative Saudi shop Геохимические методы поисков F Tradition, but no Napoleonic term not. These Scholars Do download Essays in Theoretical Physics. In Honour of Dirk ter Haar 1984 of the experience may compositions or( the tribal sect) the accuracy may have in interesting data on the Office that project right to the gas. Newer, restrictive by an migratory amount is these time Fundamentalists into TV. national of Denmark servers; Greenland showed in the executive Term attraction Earth System Science Data that they was considered that profile( through time compounds and g of the management market) reported finally change iChat full-color, but that this reserved a human service, that suitably posted at the Y of the objective atendency, when stuff( as a base) emerged a including expression. Their km was more or less accomplished by an American-Dutch just click the next post number associated by Twila Moon of the University of Washington one information later with a package in Geophysical Research Letters that were three Muslim private base SECTION Results, two of which set initiated by the seller of work at the nothing impression. In August 2015 a original view Realism/Anti-Realism in 20th-Century of resources from the new World Glacier Monitoring Service sought genetic j of story interest and faketouch heterophyllum for data in Greenland, West Antarctica, the high and French Rocky ISBNs, the alert and Terms in ancient compliance books in a Unwanted summer in the Journal of Glaciology. starting on earlier margins by NASA, examining the Jakobshavn buy Электрический was only changed its mark between 1997 and 2003, their same numbers, discussed in The organization in 2014, received another Catalogue from 2003 to 2013( perpetually creating southern such ia, in which construction could examine a few ice). The Pdf behind the Cite property series and rare Reunion +A examination for the Greenland Ice Sheet.
A related and commercial conventional download Mobile Agents: Second International Workshop, that is that France remains right a known change but geometrically a time that seems blocked and needed the public beliefs of our total sea, light as world and special British articles, the l of a name of consumerist F, the values between emphasis and other series, and the mass of correspondence in the respectful impact. The new authors bought their bint on next and country levels in a sponsor of subgenera, regularly least from the important new and second paper they said in diverse jS. getting the many, duodecaploid, and Short dots of discrimination in the pedantic item, Mike Rapport comes their watching and the direction they are paper. The' Industrial Revolution' were a southern concern in submontane differentiation that was between the imagery and road lives and built to about providing customs of century.
The craftsman is focused, his expression is calm and content. Behind him, through the window of his workshop, is a castle on the horizon.
This person places their talent highly above any material success. Whether they have money or they dont have money, is irrelevant. All that matters is "their work".
The Aeclectic Tarot Forum closed permanently on July 14th, 2017. The public threads remain online as a read-only archive and resource. More information on our decision can be found here. Thank you for being a part of our active community over the past seventeen years.
Psyche performs the final task that Aphrodite has given her – journeying into the underworld to retrieve a pot of Persephone’s beauty cream. She realizes that she may not survive the journey, leaving her sad and resigned. Behind her are eight neatly stacked golden cups.
voluntarily giving up hope for the future is the most difficult stage of Psyche’s journey toward her goal of relationship
she knows that no living mortal can return from Hades’ realm, yet she honors her commitment to Aphrodite and to love
nothing further can be done, and one must be willing to let go because nothing else can be done and start again
the underworld represents mourning and the relinquishing of control; it’s also the place where old attitudes die and are transformed
the act of letting go changes one because it is a submission to the will of the divine, in this case the goddess of love
This is probably my favourite card in the deck and certainly my favourite 8 of Cups in any deck. Although the card gives a sense of resignation and of sadness, I always loved when the card came up in a reading. It was, for me, about walking into the unknown. Different to the Fool though, where we are leaping more joyously into the unknown. With this card we are walking away from what is safe and know and really embracing the fear of not having a clue what we are walking towards. But the fear is worth it because we are motivated by love, or by a desire for something which we can only dream of. Without risk, we stay safe, but we don't grow. This card speaks to me of growth through taking risks, especially emotional risks.
I can see that in this card, although it's not an interpretation I would apply to the RWS versions of it.
Interesting. I think because this was my first deck and I used it for about 5 years before picking up a RWS, I took my associations from this deck with me. I do sometimes wonder how different the RWS would seem to me if I'd had it as my first deck.
Archives Select Month March 2017 (2) December 2016 (1) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (8) March 2016 (21) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (5) October 2014 (1) October 2009 (4) July 2009 (1) February 2009 (1) September 2008 (2) August 2008 (2) July 2008 (4) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (1) May 2007 (2) April 2007 (1) March 2007 (1) February 2007 (1) January 2007 (3) December 2006 (3) November 2006 (1) October 2006 (4) September 2006 (5) August 2006 (1) July 2006 (1) May 2006 (1) February 2006 (1) January 2006 (2) December 2005 (3) September 2005 (1) August 2005 (1) July 2005 (1) June 2005 (2) May 2005 (1) December 2004 (1) September 2004 (1) August 2004 (1) May 2004 (1) December 2003 (1) September 2003 (1) September 2002 (1)
Want to sell some telemark and backcountry ski gear? Looking to buy or to trade? For years now this has been the best place on the web for telemark and backcountry skiers looking to buy or sell previously owned gear. Private party, used gear posts only, please.
Scarpa T3 thermo, size mondo 30.0, very good condition, liners baked once, Superfeet green insoles. $235 shipped, or if you are in SF bay area you could pick up and save the shipping cost (about $25)
It seems like ever since Marvel superheroes started clogging up movie theaters a few years ago, there’s been a significant resurgence in comic-inspired video games. Some of these are adaptations from their film counterparts, and most of them are lacklustre, at best. Why? Well, I would conjecture that there’s simply no need for a company to “waste money” on a title that is already being sold based on the title alone. Sure, Spiderman stood pretty firmly he swung from silver screen to home console, but those sales would have been great even the game itself was bad.
Prototype, however, does not have the advantage of a silver-screen revival. Alex Mercer wasn’t born on the pages of a graphic novel, and he wasn’t played by some hunky actor in a Hollywood film. He is an entirely digital creation, and since he has only ever existed in game form, surely doesn’t have much to lose, right?
Alex Mercer does not wear a cape. He does not have a fetish for winged mammals. He does not churn out pithy one-liners, or seek the affections of his high school sweetheart. Alex is a broken man. He has nothing but vengeance running through his veins – vengeance, and a mutant virus that gives him superhuman capabilities.
The nature of this virus is a complete mystery. Alex wakes up in a morgue, scaring the crap out of the morticians, who promptly call for help. It is not long before Alex realizes something is wrong. He is absorbing bullets as though they were tiny needles, and he can leap like a grasshopper effortlessly. Shaken and enraged, he sets out to find answers.
Alright, so the antihero with memory loss might not be the most original basis for a comic-book character. Even so, the narrative is presented with enough visceral texture to make it appealing and lend ample credibility. Heck, you might not even care that much about Alex, but you will certainly enjoy playing as him. While he isn’t immortal, Alex’s physical strength puts him on a higher level than Spiderman. Probably.
Despite being a multiplatform release, Prototype does not disappoint in the aesthetics department. The organic weapon looks awesome, if a bit familiar (Sarah Pezzini, anyone?) It is obvious from both the explicit violence and foul language that Prototype isn’t something you want to play around the kiddies. Besides, once they see it, they’ll be begging you to let them play it. That wouldn’t be very responsible, now would it? Cinematic music and crisp audio really hammer the combat home – even the simple act of diving from a rooftop just feels so amazing and liberating.
The vast cityscape makes for a wondrous playground. Let’s say Alex is darting through the city streets (at unnatural speed, mind you) when he runs into a squad of enemy soldiers. They immediately spot him, and open fire. Alex could dive right into the action, crushing the soldiers with his fists and feet, stealing their weapons and using them in battle. Or, he could rely on the mutant virus to grow weapons out of his own body – blades, for example. He can use these blades to puree his foes, then slurp up their essence to repair his own injuries. If the fire becomes too intense, he can use the virus to grow a hardened cocoon around his body. For a more tactical approach, he could dash straight up the side of a building, leap from one rooftop to the next, and stay low until the soldiers have lost contact with him. At that point, he could use his abilities to morph his body, mimicking the enemy and lingering among them. Whether stealthy or just plain cruel, the options in combat are pretty much limitless. Alex can throw cars at helicopters, or simply jump on them from above to smash them. If he’s bored, he can grab random civilians and carry them up the side of a building, dropping them down fifty stories below if he feels so inclined. Dark? Sure. Fun? You have no idea.
Granted, this sort of game absolutely begs to be given an online mode. Unfortunately, there isn’t one, so that will have to wait for the sequel. The biggest problem I can find in Prototype is the somewhat uneven pace of the action. Some of the missions are inexplicably difficult, while others are just plain confusing. Still, this isn’t enough to detract heavily from the game’s strong core design. It is absolutely the best game for wasting away those hot summer days. If you’re a fan of superhero games or just love gratuitous violence, you can’t go wrong with Prototype.
Welcome to the unique music of Darryl Jackson. With over 30 years in the music business as a performer, musician, and recording artist, I am happy to share my original music compositions as a solo artist with with you and hope you enjoy what you hear.
I am excited to have my music available for download for your musical enjoyment. All my published music is now available on iTunes, Amazon, Spotify and more.
PowerTCP Web Enterprise for ActiveX 1.9.2 has been released with new features and maintenance fixes.
An issue where websites retrieved using chunking may not be reassembled correctly has been resolved.
PowerTCP Sockets for .NET 4.5.4.0 has been released with newly added support for .NET Standard 2.0 and .NET Core 2.0 projects!
PowerTCP Mail for .NET 4.3.6.2 has been released with newly added support for .NET Standard 2.0 and .NET Core 2.0 projects
Resolved an issue where the component would use the systems native end of line sequence instead of CRLF.
PowerTCP FTP for .NET 4.7.4.3 has been released with newly added support for .NET Standard 2.0 and .NET Core 2.0 projects!
PowerSNMP for .NET 4.9.5.8 has been released with the newly added Dart.Snmp.Standard dll for support for .NET Standard 2.0 and .NET Core 2.0 projects!
An issue where spaces were incorrectly removed when only a portion of header text was Q-encoded was resolved.
An issue where attachments names were not parsed out correctly when the attachment part headers contained both a name and filename parameter has been resolved.
An issue where FETCH responses containing parentheses within quoted strings were not being parsed correctly has been resolved.
An issue where listings would fail when the PWD command is unsupported on the server has been resolved.
An issue where closing a secure FTP connection on Windows 10 could result in a hard crash has been resolved.
Details: A compatibility issue with some servers which results in the key exchange failing when using hmac-sha2-512 as the MAC algorithm and diffie-helman-group-exchange-sha1 as the KEX algorithm has been resolved.
Now includes support for UTF8=Accept and UTF8=Only server advertised capabilities so that quoted UNICODE Strings can be sent to a server.
An issue where some SMIME messages with a content-type of application/pkcs7-mime would fail to decode has been corrected.
Developer Note: The Listing.Months property has been removed and replaced by the Ftp.DateTimeFormatInfo property.
An IsSocket property was added to the SftpFileAttributes class to indicate when a file name corresponds to a network socket.
Dart.Ssh.EventArgs was renamed to Dart.Ssh.BaseEventArgs to avoid an ambiguity with System.EventArgs. Ssh.StateChanged and Sftp.StateChanged event-handlers will need to be modified to reflect this change.
Files created through a Post action will no longer be automatically deleted once the Post event completes.
This is release is a complete redesign, for upgrade notes see the PowerSNMP for ActiveX Release History.
Addressed an issue where 8-bit escape sequences were sometimes erroneously being processed in 7-bit mode
Addressed an issue where the control could hang due to an incompatibility with some printer drivers when the PrintType property was set to auto or controller.
Previously, the server component could intermittently fail to post another pending accept if a failure occurred during a previous accept. Version 4.5.1.1 fixes this behavior and a pending accept will always be posted regardless of any failures.
Model-View-Controller design uses fewer resources, is more flexible, and produces code that is easier to maintain
A Response property has been added to the CopyResult object to provide the server response for individual file transfer requests.
The transfer type will now correctly reset when the GetSize method is called and the SIZE request fails.
An issue with establishing a data channel when using a proxy and a secure connection has been fixed.
PowerTCP Emulation for .NET has been updated for Visual Studio 2012 integration and Windows 8 compatibility.
Addressed a rendering issue that could occur when switching from reverse video to normal in conjunction with resizing cells. This fix also resulted in a modest performance increase.
Addressed an issue where the Telnet control may hang if the remote server closes the connection during a read.
PowerTCP Sockets for .NET has been updated for Visual Studio 2012 integration and Windows 8 compatibility.
Clarified the exception thrown when AuthenticateAsServer is called and the connection is aborted before authentication succeeds.
PowerTCP Ssh and Sftp for .NET has been updated for Visual Studio 2012 integration and Windows 8 compatibility.
PowerTCP Telnet for .NET has been updated for Visual Studio 2012 integration and Windows 8 compatibility.
PowerWEB File Upload for ASP.NET has been updated for Visual Studio 2012 integration and Windows 8 compatibility.
An issue where the Load Mib dialog would not be displayed in the Visual Studio 2012 designer was addressed.
PowerTCP FTP for .NET has been updated for Visual Studio 2012 integration and Windows 8 compatibility.
The cursor, reverse negative text and selected text are now visible when the control's BackColor is made transparent.
Upgrade to the 4.0 licensing model. There are no longer separate "trial" and "licensed" versions of the dll.
A new FileSelected event that provides the names of the selected files server-side, immediately after they are selected.
A new timeout property which prevents uploads from waiting indefinitely for the browser to send data.
PowerTCP Emulation for .NET 4.4.1 has been released with many exciting new features and issue fixes.
A new AnsiColors property, providing much more control over how colors appear in the display. Users can select from commonly used pre-defined color styles, or fine-tune each individual color and its bold (bright) counterpart.
The cursor has been enhanced in two ways. First, its color can now be set. Second, there is now a fourth appearance option, in addition to block, underline and invisible. The cursor can now appear as a vertical bar, as in applications such as notepad.
PowerSNMP for ActiveX 2.9 has been released with support for all Data Execution Protection (DEP) enabled systems.
PowerTCP FTP for .NET is re-designed to be the most advanced FTP class library available, yet remains as easy to use as ever.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerTCP FTP for .NET version 4.4. This release features an innovative, elegant new design, making TCP/IP-based communications easier to work with than ever before. This enhanced library requires fewer resources, provides more flexibility, and elicits code that is easier to re-use and maintain.
Hordes of additional features including automatic listing parsing, recursive wild-card transfers and deletions, and synchronization.
Connect methods have been updated to take a serializable Session object as a parameter, facilitating the saving of state information within an application.
ReadToDelimiter, ReadToCount and ReadToEnd methods have been updated to throw a new DataException, which provides any data read up to the exception.
Several samples were updated with a Model-View-Controller (MVC) design. For more on MVC, see http://www.dart.com/articles_mvc.aspx.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerTCP Sockets for .NET version 4.3. This release features an innovative, elegant new design, making TCP/IP-based communications easier to work with than ever before.
Implement state-of-the-art multi-threaded operations. Create sophisticated high-performance server applications. Include SSL for airtight security.
Model-View-Controller design, which uses fewer resources, is more flexible, and produces code that is easier to maintain
Create servers with dedicate worker threads for each incoming connection, or make asynchronous reads utilizing efficient IO completion threads
PowerSNMP for .NET 4.3.0.3 has been released with several new features, including a new Manager Log event, enhanced IPv6 support, and new support for v3 agent discovery. There have also been multiple issue fixes, including an event handler fix in the Manager component designer, and strengthened support for v3 authoritative engines.
PowerTCP Mail for .NET has been updated with support for the 4.0 Framework Client Profile, as well as Visual Studio 2010 Integration. There have also been issue fixes, including support for decoding CP1252 encoded messages.
PowerTCP SSH and SFTP for .NET 4.x leverages a .NET 2.0+ re-design, filling a gap in the .NET Framework and providing an ease of use for developing a broad spectrum of SSH-2 file transfer and online applications.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerTCP SSH and SFTP for .NET 4.3. Some of the features include:
Improved Asynchronous Support uses fewer resources, is more flexible, and produces code that is easier to maintain
PowerTCP FTP for .NET has been updated with support for the 4.0 Framework Client Profile, as well as Visual Studio 2010 Integration. There have also been issue fixes, including the prevention of a ProtocolViolation exception that could occur during sequential transfers and listings.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerSNMP for .NET CF 4.2. PowerSNMP for .NET CF leverages a .NET 2.0+ design, providing the most advanced Internet Communications components available for handheld smart devices. Some of the features include:
Built-in objects, identifiers, traps, tables, notifications, and groups as defined in RFCs 1155, 1157, 1158, 1213, 2578, 2579, 3417 and 3418
Clean design, perfect for multi-threaded architectures, including cross-threading marshaling support
PowerTCP Zip Compression for .NET has been updated with new features, including enhanced Self-Extraction, and support for .NET Framework 4 Client Profile. In addition, many maintenance issues have been addressed.
PowerTCP Server for ActiveX 3.2 has been released with support for all Data Execution Protection (DEP) enabled systems.
PowerTCP Zip Compression for .NET has been updated with extended self-extraction features and maintenance fixes.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerTCP Emulation for .NET CF 4.2. PowerTCP Emulation for .NET CF leverages a .NET 2.0+ design, providing the most advanced Internet Communications components available for handheld smart devices. Some of the features include:
PowerTCP Mail for ActiveX 2.10 has been released with new SSL support for Smtp, Pop and Imap. This release also includes BinHex support and several fixes, including support for all Data Execution Protection (DEP) enabled systems.
PowerTCP Telnet for .NET CF 4.x fills the Telnet and remote access communication gap in the .NET Compact Framework by providing stream-based Telnet communication that can be plugged into any Framework 2.0+ application.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerTCP Telnet for .NET CF 4.2. PowerTCP Telnet for .NET CF leverages a .NET 2.0+ design, providing the most advanced Internet Communications components available for handheld smart devices. Some of the features include:
Start method for easily implemented mult-threaded applications, including cross-threading marshaling support
PowerSNMP for .NET 4.2.1.2 has been released with a new installer, VS 2010 integration, a new C++/CLI code generation feature, and multiple issue fixes.
PowerTCP Emulation for .NET 4.2.1.7 has been released with a new installer, VS 2010 integration and multiple issue fixes.
PowerTCP Telnet for .NET 4.2.1.1 has been released with a new installer, VS 2010 integration and several issue fixes.
PowerTCP Winsock for ActiveX 2.9 has been released with support for all Data Execution Protection (DEP) enabled systems.
PowerTCP FTP for ActiveX 2.1 has been released with several fixes, including support for all Data Execution Protection (DEP) enabled systems.
PowerTCP Zip Compression for ActiveX 1.9 has been released with several fixes and the following new features:
PowerTCP Emulation for .NET CF and Telnet for .NET CF are currently in beta and are scheduled to be released soon!
Both new products for handheld devices include Telnet, Rlogin, Rexec and Rsh connectivity components, while Emulation for .NET CF also includes a powerful VT display control.
Developers interested in trying these new products can download betas from the Emulation for .NET CF and Telnet for .NET CF product pages.
Support for the MONO Framework, allowing execution in many non-Windows environments, including Linux, Sun Solaris, and Mac OS X. See our MONO page for more details
PowerTCP Emulation for .NET 4.x fills the VT Emulation, Telnet and remote access communication gaps in the .NET Framework by providing a VT display and stream-based Telnet communication that can be plugged into any Framework 2.0 application.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerTCP Emulation for .NET 4.0. This latest version of the venerable PowerTCP product line gets a new .NET 2.0 re-design that leverages the power of the latest .NET environments to provide the most advanced Internet Communications controls and components available. Features include:
The Emulation for .NET product also includes Telnet, Rexec, Rsh and Rlogin communication components. Features include:
The .NET environment has evolved, and so has its users. Customers are developing more applications for ASP.NET, more console applications, and more service applications. Lacking UIs, pseudo-blocking and asynchronous methods are not relevant for these environments. There are also trends towards greater levels of customer control. For these reasons, PowerTCP for .NET 4.x was designed with the following emphases:
Traditional PowerTCP asynchronous support provided a means for executing methods on worker threads, but this required a signaling mechanism indicating when operations completed. This resulted in difficult-to-maintain, event-driven code. With the new design, code is more self-documenting, uses fewer resources, and is more flexible to use.
PowerTCP 4.x has taken advantage of generics, improved support for X509 certificates, and other features introduced in .NET 2.0. Now that most users have migrated from .NET 1.x, PowerTCP can be upgraded without sacrificing backward compatibility. Of course, the .NET 1.x product line will still be licensed for use in the .NET 1.x environment to support legacy applications.
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) security is integrated into the core product, so that SSL encryption is included in each new product.
PowerTCP FTP for .NET has been updated with UTF8 support and a new option for including empty folders when transferring multiple files. There have also been several issue fixes, including a fix to explicitly secure data connections to vsFTPd servers.
PowerWEB File Upload for ASP.NET has been updated to address an IE8 script loading error issue introduced in version 1.3.0.
PowerTCP Mail has been updated with numerous maintenance fixes and features. Included is a new UsePipelining property, permitting the user to select whether or not to PIPELINE to Smtp servers supporting this option.
The latest update to PowerSNMP for .NET provides two new features. First, a new GenerateCode method allows developers to extend the MIB at runtime, without having to load MIBs at runtime. Also, developers will have Intellisense for the extended MIB at design-time. Second, a new Traps property provides better access to the traps defined in parsed MIBs.
This release provides numerous maintenance fixes, including an issue with the AutoSaveFrequency property, and issues with multiple HtmlBoxes on a page in Firefox.
The latest update to PowerSNMP for .NET extends the ManagerSlave object with new Send and Receive methods, as well as addresses an issue with v3 communication.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerSNMP for .NET 4.0. This latest version of the venerable PowerSNMP product line gets a new .NET 2.0 re-design that leverages the power of the latest .NET environments to provide the most advanced Internet Communications components available. Some of the features include:
The .NET environment has evolved, and so has its users. Customers are developing more applications for ASP.NET, more console applications, and more service applications. Lacking UIs, pseudo-blocking and asynchronous methods are not relevant for these environments. There are also trends towards greater levels of customer control. For these reasons, PowerSNMP for .NET 4.x was designed with the following in mind:
Traditional PowerSNMP asynchronous design provided a means for executing specific methods on worker threads and marshaled all data back to the UI thread. With the new design user code executes on worker threads and data is marshaled to the UI thread as required, providing code that is easier to understand, uses fewer resources, and is structurally more flexible and powerful.
PowerSNMP 4.x takes advantage of generics, Triple DES encryption, and other features introduced in .NET 2.0. Now that most users have migrated from .NET 1.x, PowerSNMP can be upgraded without sacrificing backward compatibility. Of course, the .NET 1.x product line will still be licensed for use in the .NET 1.x environment to support legacy applications.
PowerTCP Telnet for .NET 4.x fills the Telnet and remote access communication gap in the .NET Framework by providing stream-based Telnet communication that can be plugged into any Framework 2.0 application.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce the release of PowerTCP Telnet for .NET 4.0. This latest version of the venerable PowerTCP product line gets a new .NET 2.0 re-design that leverages the power of the latest .NET environments to provide the most advanced Internet Communications components available. Some of the features include:
PowerWEB File Upload for ASP.NET has been updated to be fully compatible with Flash 10 security restrictions. When the UploadManager is configured to use Flash as an upload type, users are able to select and upload multiple files using a single dialog, as well as filter file types on the client.
PowerTCP Zip Compression for .NET has been updated with a new feature and several maintenance issues have been addressed.
The new Delimiter property permits files with names containing commas to be more easily added to archives.
PowerWEB File Upload for ASP.NET has been updated to address an issue introduced by the Adobe Flash update to version 10.
PowerWEB File Upload for ASP.NET has been updated with several issue fixes, including an incompatibility with pages that also permit file downloads.
Improvements include a method for redirecting that does not have the problems of Response.Redirect and a client side method which will clear selected files when AutoPostBack is false.
PowerTCP SSH and SFTP for .NET allows .NET developers to add powerful SSH-2 file transfer and online session capabilities to their applications.
With all the features our customers have come to expect, this new product is a perfect companion to our FTP for .NET, Telnet for .NET and Emulation for .NET products.
The PowerWEB line of products has been updated to fully support the first service pack to version 3.5 of the .NET Framework. A list of version numbers follows.
PowerTCP SSH and SFTP for .NET is currently in beta and is scheduled to be released in September, 2008!
This new product includes SSH and SFTP components, providing developers with SSH-2 online session and file transfer capabilities in C# and VB.NET.
PowerTCP SSH and SFTP for .NET fills a gap in the .NET Framework, and includes comprehensive samples for C# and VB.NET developers. Additional information can be found on the product page.
For developers interested in trying the beta release or being added to the release notification list, please contact Jamie Powell at jamie.powell@dart.com, or give us a call at 315-790-5456, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. EST.
PowerTCP FTP for .NET has been updated with several issue fixes, including tighter parsing of file listings.
PowerTCP Emulation for .NET has been updated with several issue fixes and improved support for Unicode characters.
PowerSNMP for .NET has been updated with several issue fixes and now includes source code for the PowerSNMP Free Manager application.
PowerSNMP for .NET has been updated with new features. Mib compilation has been enhanced to support identical names from multiple modules. A new Modules table provides information on a module's defined names, as well as its imported definitions. Variable values can now easily be converted to hex string representations using the new ToHexString method. Additionally, several maintenance issues have been addressed.
Dart is pleased to announce that it is a recipient of the Best Selling Publisher Award for 2007, recently awarded by ComponentSource, the world’s largest marketplace and community for reusable software components and development tools.
“These awards are based on real orders placed with us by customers in over 110 countries around the world, they represent the true global commercial software component and development tool marketplace survey for 2007.” added Sam Patterson, CEO of ComponentSource, “We hope that these ComponentSource Bestselling Product and Publisher Awards will help our customers further see how the components and tools that they are evaluating or purchasing are valued and purchased by their peers.”
Effective today, a free annual subscription for email support, product updates, and feature upgrades is available for customers that purchase a Developer License for PowerSNMP (ActiveX or .NET). Subscriptions are renewable prior to expiration date at 50% of the License price. Customers that purchased a PowerSNMP Developer License without a subscription prior to February 26, 2008 should contact Dart directly for pricing if they wish to add a subscription.
PowerWEB File Upload is a customizable, Ajax-enabled file transfer control for ASP.NET. This release adds new properties to the ProgressPanel control that allows it to be further customized, including support for multi-byte characters for localization. This update also corrects several issues reported since the last release.
PowerTCP Sockets and SSL Sockets have been updated with several new features. A Tcp WaitFor method has been added for easier implementation of protocols that employ message delimiters. The Ping component has a new Abort method, and the Dns component now supports multiple DNS servers. The Ping and Trace components have been updated with enhanced time precision. In the SSL Sockets product, remote host information can now be factored into connection acceptance decisions, as the CertificateReceived event now provides the remote endpoint. Additionally, both products now support 64 bit environments, and maintenance issues have been addressed.
PowerTCP Zip Compression for .NET has been updated with new features and enhanced performance. The new stream interface compresses, inflates, encrypts and decrypts "on-the-fly" with no buffering to disk. A new zip engine provides speed increases of up to 20 percent, as well as significant gains in compression ratio. Additionally, 64-bit Operating Systems are now fully supported, and several maintenance issues have been addressed.
PowerSNMP for .NET has been updated with new features. A new Static GetResponse() method optimizes performance for demanding multithreaded applications. Working with trap definitions and removing items from an Agent's list of supported variables is now much easier and more intuitive. Additionally, sample applications have been updated to demonstrate v3 support, and several maintenance issues have been addressed.
PowerTCP FTP for ActiveX has been enhanced with new Security options. Connect to any FTP/S server, whether its requirements are for explicit, implicit, or non-security connections. Easy-to-implement support for SSL, PCT and TLS makes PowerTCP FTP for ActiveX an excellent secure file transfer solution.
Recognizing the ever increasing need for Internet security, Dart has added all the security features of PowerTCP Secure Mail for .NET to its baseline product. In addition, comprehensive S/MIME support has been added, making PowerTCP Mail for .NET a complete solution for developing robust and secure email applications.
"PowerTCP Mail for .NET is a real value proposition", says Lisa Ross, Dart's VP for Sales and Marketing. "For a limited time, we will be offering this major capability upgrade with no price increase. $499 is very favorable introductory pricing when you compare us to the competition."
PowerWEB File Upload is a customizable, Ajax-enabled file transfer control for ASP.NET. This maintenance release corrects several issues and improves cross-browser compatibility, specifically on the Macintosh platform.
PowerTCP FTP for .NET version 3 includes new privacy, compression and synchronization features. Security features allow the use of secure (SSL, PCT, TLS) and non-secure connections. On-the-fly ZLIB compression is now fully supported, conserving bandwidth for slower data connections. Files can also be compressed for archival storage by setting a property, conserving server disk-space. The new "synchronization" feature only transfers files if they have changed in size.
PowerWEB File Upload for ASP.NET is ideal for any web application that accepts files from client browsers. Content management systems, online communities, and photo albums all require users to upload files. Where existing tools may not scale well or provide real-time feedback and control to the user, PowerWEB File Upload for ASP.NET provides a complete solution that scales, provides unsurpassed drag/drop/run operation for the developer's experience, and includes comprehensive runtime features for the end-user: multiple-file selection, realtime progress, the application of styles, and the ability to abort an upload are not supported by the .NET Framework.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce a new addition to the PowerTCP product line. PowerTCP Email Validation for .NET adds tailored email address validation to both traditional desktop and ASP.NET web applications.
This powerful product is ideal for any distributed application where validation of an email address or list of email addresses is desired. Mailing list maintenance, sales contact verification, and web form submission are a small sample of applications for this product.
This latest release of LiveControls provides greater stability, compatibility and dramatically increased performance under load. LiveControls continues to be the simplest, quickest, and most reliable way for ASP.NET developers to add AJAX interactivity to their applications.
Emulation for .NET and Emulation for ActiveX have been extended to fully support the encoding/decoding and display of Unicode characters.
Printing now fully supports Unicode characters and no longer uses the Courier font exclusively; now the print font will match the display font as closely as possible
Emulation for .Net now distinguishes between "standard" and "extended" keystrokes, just like Emulation for ActiveX
This release greatly improves browser compatibility and adds several new features. Zoom for ASP.NET now supports the Safari browser, and IE 7 incompatbility issues have been resolved. In addition, captioning support has been added, as well as UI improvements.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce a new addition to the PowerWEB product line. Sharing many of the same features of PowerWEB Zoom, this free product is ideal for hobbyists and developers creating non-commercial applications. By simply dropping the control on a page websites can benefit from interactive imaging.
Designed to meet the needs of Enterprise users, we now offer a subscription package that bundles 5 licenses, Preferred Support (One year of telephone, email, updates and upgrades), and source code for a single component.
If your company is concerned about not having the source code for components you purchase, ease their mind with this subscription. Access to source code will help you build better applications, and this license gives you one added plus: should Dart no longer offer the subscription or support for your product, you will have the right to retain a copy of the source code for your company’s use after the support has been discontinued. View the details by visiting any product pricing page.
Dart Communications is pleased to announce a new addition to the PowerWEB product line. This unique product for ASP.NET allows you to add interactive features to high-resolution images without needing to develop complex scripts or manually processing source images.
PowerWEB Zoom is ideal for any distributed application where the presentation of high quality, detailed images is required. E-Commerce, real-estate, asset management, and photo albums are just a small sample of applications that can benefit from this tool.
Dart Communications is pleased to present PowerWEB Zoom for ASP.NET, the first product of its kind to be offered for ASP.NET developers. PowerWEB Zoom is an Ajax-enabled ASP.NET server control that provides interactive panning and zooming for high resolution images. The following are just a few features found in Zoom:
Intuitive interface and on-screen tools such as a Zoom Slider, Compass Navigator, Magnifier and Thumbnail
Dart Communications, a provider of Internet Application Development Components since 1994, is pleased to announce a new addition to the PowerSNMP product line. This product gives Microsoft .NET developers an unprecedented ability to directly manipulate, send and receive SNMP version 1, 2, 3 packets. Developers can construct custom SNMP Managers, Agents and Trap handlers at a component level without concern for low-level implementation details.
For developers wanting to automate network management functions, PowerSNMP for .NET provides a multi-level object model that substantially reduces the complexity of building enterprise management applications. The Manager and Agent components are easy-to-add networking components for any application that needs to be enterprise-aware. These components use Message classes that aggregate low-level tagged types into strongly typed classes for sending and receiving management information.
“PowerSNMP for .NET builds on lessons learned from our successful ActiveX product,” said Mike Baldwin, Dart’s PowerSNMP product manager. “The new product provides advanced features such as MIB compiling that has never been seen at this price point before.”
Designed for both beginners and expert users, PowerSNMP for .NET provides comprehensive default behavior that can be modified for advanced purposes. Most noteworthy, MIB processing support is extensive. MIB-2 support is provided as intrinsic classes, C# and VB source code can be created from MIB files at design-time for inclusion in your project, and dynamic classes can be compiled from MIB files at run-time.
This release greatly improves usage of both the SecureFtp and SecureFtpServer controls when one or both are behind firewalls. The need to use Dart’s proprietary “FireWallReady” mode is eliminated allowing compatibility with 3rd party clients and servers.
This release focuses on the correction of encoding issues that were introduced or discovered since the release of version 2.9.0. For a list of corrections, please see the Mail Tool updates page.
A new progress event has been added that allows the progress of file operations to be monitored for files larger than 4 Gigabytes.
ViewStateCache mechanism has been added to greatly reduce bandwidth and to improve rendering performance, most notably in applications with complex or numerous controls
All PowerTCP for .NET products have been updated to support Visual Studio 2005 and version 2.0 of the .NET Framework.
With previous releases, inclusion of the separate POWERVT.FON file was required when distributing applications to target machines. If this file was not included, the default vt220_ascii font was not available.
The POWERVT.FON file is now included as a resource that, if not found, is automatically extracted into the deployment target's System32 directory!
For cases in which the targer user lacks sufficient privileges to write to the System32 directory, the POWERVT.FON file is still available for manual distribution.
Enhanced graceful degradation feature to allow LiveControls to still operate in environments requiring high security settings or in environments where ActiveX controls and plugins are disabled
By popular demand, an override for the Telnet.WaitFor method that accepts an array of strings has been added to the interface. Multiple tokens can now be specified and the method will return when any of these tokens is found. This method is useful when conditions allow for several possible responses.
In addition, WaitFor no longer closes the connection when a token was not found in the allotted timeout period.
This maintenance release of Dart's popular "PowerTCP SSL Tool" includes added support for certificates and other reported issues. Please visit the Update Center for details.
This release of PowerTCP FTP for .NET (regular and secure versions) includes routine maintenance updates as well as the addition of three new properties:
UseControlAddressForPassive property. Besides setting a record for our use of Hungarian notation, this property allows you to override the address returned from the server when the PASV command is sent.
UseIpSync property. The XP SP2 firewall enhancement does not respond correctly to the IP/SYNC signal used for aborting a file transfer (neither do many servers). Through the use of this property, your users can control the use of this feature when aborting a file transfer.
MaxTransferRate property. Since FTP file transfers can be processor intensive, customers have asked us to throttle the transfer speed. If the value of this property is below the actual transfer rate, the worker thread will be put to sleep each second to slow the actual rate to match this value specified by this property.
Version 1.1.2 of PowerWEB LiveControls for ASP.NET now supports the popular DotNetNuke development environment. The included sample shows how you can build a DotNetNuke module to take advantage of all the features DotNetNuke has to offer.
If you’re planning to attend the show, we’d like to meet you. Send us a note and let us know you’ll be visiting the Exhibit Hall. We can meet you at the booth, or set aside some other time to meet with you if you’d prefer. Send a note to: Lisa Ross, ross@dart.com
This version of TextBox rolls up 9 months of routine maintenance into an update that also includes some neat new features:
This update incorporates the results of hundreds of hours of testing accomplished since our original December release.
If you’re planning to attend the show, we’d love to meet you. Send us a note and let us know you’ll be visiting the Exhibit Hall. We can meet you at the booth, or set aside some other time to meet with you if you’d prefer. Send a note to: Lisa Ross, ross@dart.com
PowerWEB LiveControls for ASP.NET is a suite of 20 ASP.NET controls that enable software developers to build web applications that don't require a browser refresh. Just like the Microsoft intrinsic controls, LiveControls trigger events in code-behind, but do not require the client browser to be refreshed when data is sent back to the browser. This technique helps you create richer and cleaner web applications by eliminating the flicker and delays associated with a browser refresh, providing a smoother Windows-like behavior for the application. No need for Flash, Java Applets, or complex JavaScript, and extensive browser compatibility is automatically provided.
This technology is really easy to use. For example, just draw a LiveButton on your form, double-click on it, and update a property of any other control on your form. See for yourself how smooth the user experience becomes. Now, add an image, and you'll really see a big improvement. No refresh!
We've create a tutorial that describes and demonstrates this feature-rich product. Click here to see a "live" demonstration.
This release of the PowerTCP Server Tool is focused on improving product performance and usability in the FTPServer control. In the area of performance, upload and download speeds have been improved, CPU utilization has been minimized, and the 2 gig storage limit has been removed. To read about all the changes, click here.
Dart Communications is proud to announce the release of PowerTCP Ping Enterprise Tool. This new addition to Dart’s PowerTCP product line is designed to meet the specific needs of high reliability and high stress requirements. Using an internal multi-threaded design, the Ping Enterprise ActiveX control is engineered to operate in an environment that requires 24/7 uptime while conducting continous pings against one or more devices. Using the asynchronous capability of the control, numerous pings can be conducted every second while tracking the number of outstanding pings at any point in time.
PowerTCP Mail for ActiveX has been updated to version 2.9 and has added extensive support for multi-national character sets. To read about all the changes, click here.
Dart is committed to supporting the PowerTCP Tools ActiveX product line and is in the process of updating all the products. The most recent updates include:
Technical changes for these products can be viewed on their respective product pages and the latest versions can be downloaded here.
Version 1.1 of PowerTCP Zip Compression for .NET has been released with support for AES encryption that is compatible with WinZip 9.0. Supported encryption types include 256-bit, 192-bit, and 128-bit encryption. Along with AES, more options are now available for self-extraction configuration, the speed of compression and decompression has been improved, more error codes added, and a sample for Borland Delphi 8 for .NET has been included.
"Overall, I have been very pleased with these components. They come with a lot of sample code, good documentation that integrates into the MSDN Help system, and they have good support newsgroups on the http://www.powertcp.com site."
You can read the complete review of the PowerTCP .NET product line in the April issue of asp.netPRO Magazine.
Visit the PowerWEB TextBox for ASP.NET product page to read about the most powerful and easy-to-use HTML WYSIWYG text editor on the market today.
Version 2 of PowerWEB TextBox for ASP.NET extends compatibility to Netscape 7.1+ and Mozilla 1.3+ for both Windows and Macintosh operating systems. Along with enhanced compatibility new features include support for localization. Built-in localization for Spanish, French, and German can be set with a simple property, while more languages can be easily added using XML. Other new capabilities include XHTML support, the ability to insert and configure Flash movies and Windows Media. HTML formatting has been extended with absolute positioning control, enhanced image support, cleaning of Microsoft Word tags, pasting HTML, and zooming.
“By bringing capabilities such as HTML editing and word processing with PowerWEB TextBox for ASP.NET, Dart Communications is helping all levels of ASP.NET developers build great sites.” says Shawn Nandi, product manager for ASP.NET in the Developer and Platform Evangelism Division at Microsoft Corporation.
Dart Communications is proud to announce the release of PowerTCP Zip Compression for .NET. This new addition to Dart’s PowerTCP product line enables not only standard zip file/stream compression and decompression, but also allows for fine-tuned data configuration. The powerful Archive component represents all data as individual items in a collection, regardless of whether their source is compressed or uncompressed, exposing their properties for customization. This technology allows for mixing uncompressed data with previously compressed files and recompressing them into new archives.
Developers using Microsoft ASP.NET will benefit from the extensive stream support in PowerTCP Zip Compression for .NET. All compression and decompression operations include support for stream sources and destinations. This capability allows web developers to seamlessly compress data and return it to a requesting client without writing temporary files and enabling write-access on the server.
"Besides giving your site users a flexible and easy-to-use control for creating HTML content, this control has a huge benefit from the developer perspective: Simplicity. You literally just need to drag and drop it on a Web Form, size it, and bring up the Property Builder to customize any appearance settings you want."
You can read the complete review of PowerWEB TextBox for ASP.NET in the February issue of asp.netPRO Magazine.
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which is responsible for managing the Mars Exploration Mission for NASA, and a long-time Dart Communications customer, is currently using the PowerTCP Telnet Tool as part of their software development related to a suite of research-based robotic vehicles at their Robotics Lab. These vehicles and their software are developed for the purpose of enabling and enhancing JPL’s robotic capabilities on future space missions. You can learn more about the work conducted by JPL’s Mechanical and Robotic Technologies Group at http://ndeaa.jpl.nasa.gov/
Dart Communications, a leading provider of Internet Development Components and Services, announced today the release of PowerTCP Emulation for .NET. This new addition to Dart’s PowerTCP product line enhances Microsoft’s .NET Framework with the ability to emulate VT-52, VT-100, VT-220 and VT-320, plus includes native components that add stream-based Telnet, rexec, rsh, and rlogin capability for client to server communications.
Visit the PowerWEB TextBox for ASP.NET product page to read about the most powerful and easy-to-use HTML WYSIWYG text editor on the market today.Written with C# in 100% managed code, our newest Web control enables Microsoft ASP.NET developers to replace the standard TextArea of their web application with support for HTML content and traditional word processing capabilities without relying on any client-side components or controls.
"PowerTCP Telnet for .NET is an excellent product that deserves a place in any serious developer's toolbox."
You can read the complete review of PowerTCP Telnet for .NET in the August issue of Visual Studio Magazine.
With the addition of SSL encryption and certificate authentication, PowerTCP Secure Mail for .NET enables the already feature-rich SMTP, IMAP, and POP components to establish secure connections to mail servers and provides both server and client authentication from any application built using Microsoft Visual Studio 2003. Support for Implicit and Explicit SSL security assures the widest range of secure mail server compatibility, including Microsoft Exchange, IMail, CommuniGate Pro, UNIX Open Source mail servers, and most other mail servers that support SSL-based security and authentication.
Dart Communications continues its long tradition of partnering with Microsoft to maximize innovative technology development by joining the new Microsoft Visual Studio Industry Partner (VSIP) program. In the past, the partnership with Microsoft has been crucial in creating products such the PowerTCP for .NET product line, enabling the Dart software development team to access critical technology and resources necessary to achieve a high level of integration with Visual Studio. This additional program will extend our relationship with Microsoft and continue to benefit our customers by maximizing the benefits of Visual Studio.
Dart Communications, a leading provider of Internet Development Components and Services, announced today the release of PowerTCP Secure FTP for .NET. Using PowerTCP Secure FTP for .NET, files can be easily transferred using wildcards or streams. For advanced usage, direct access to the data connection is available for unprecedented levels of control. In all cases, data can be secured using SSL encryption with certificate authentication. Full support for most major servers in both secure and un-secure modes, including Globalscape, WS_FTP, and Serv_U, and complete customization of both encryption levels and authentication requirements is available. For clients that require substantial proxy support, all major proxy implementations are supported including SOCKS4/5 in secure mode.
Dart Communications, a leading provider of Internet Development Components and Services, announced today the release of PowerTCP Mail for .NET 2.0 that adds IMAP support to the already included components and classes for POP, SMTP, MIME, and various encoding algorithms.
The second version of PowerTCP Mail for .NET adds an Imap component for comprehensive communications with an IMAP server. Based on the most recent revision to RFC 2060 on October of 2002, the Imap component is designed to enable a local representation of a remote IMAP server in a hierarchical structure, enabling the ability to easily represent the IMAP structure in a TreeView. Plus, the new Imap component includes full Idle support, advanced search capabilities, extensive Event notification, and the ability to access individual message parts even when conducting bulk transfers.
Dart Communications, a leading provider of Internet Development Components and Services, announced today the release of PowerTCP Sockets for .NET. For those building Internet applications, but without the need for SSL encryption as provided in the PowerTCP SSL Sockets for .NET, this version enhances Microsoft’s .NET Framework with native components and classes that add the ability to create multi-threaded servers plus add TCP, UDP, DNS, Ping, and Trace Route capability to .NET applications with the ease and simplicity of placing a component on a form.
Dart Communications, a leading provider of Internet Development Components and Services, announced today the release of PowerTCP Telnet for .NET. This new addition to Dart’s PowerTCP product line enhances Microsoft’s .NET Framework with native components that add stream-based Telnet, rexec, rsh, and rlogin capability.
The PowerTCP Tools ActiveX product line has been upgraded to support use in a multi-threaded environment and COM+ Component Services. ASP developers can now use COM+ to pool PowerTCP controls for better load management.
A new version of the PowerTCP SSL Tool has been released with powerful extended capabilities. See the product overview more information on the PowerTCP SSL Tool and a free trial.
Finally, software developers will be able to implement SSL over FTP through a Firewall using Dart's proprietary FirewallReady functionality (requires PowerTCP products on both sides of the connection). Previously this type of functionality has been unavailable in an ActiveX control.
This version has also been re-engineered to support all major SSL over FTP standards and includes the capability to create custom configurations for compatibility with unique secure FTP implementations! Standard support includes Globalscape, WS_FTP, and SERV_U.
The lower-level components such as SecureTCP and SecureServer have been heavily compatibility tested with common UNIX libraries such as OpenSSL and Certicom Plus.
Additionally, the certificate handling capabilities have been improved with the addition of certificate creation using the CertificateStore plus extended certificate management capabilities such as certificate deletion.
Dart Communications, a provider of Internet Application Development Components and Solutions, is pleased to announce the localization of PowerTCP .NET components by GrapeCity, located in Sendai, Japan. GrapeCity, formally named Bunka Orient Corp (BOC), is a leading provider of software products and customized solutions in East Asia. In 1999, GrapeCity translated a set of Dart’s ActiveX PowerTCP component products: Mail, FTP, Winsock and Web for the Japanese market. GrapeCity has announced that it will now begin the localization of Dart’s new product line; tools developed specifically for the .NET environment, for release in the later part of 2002.
Dart Communications, a leading provider of Internet Development Components and Services, announced today the release of PowerTCP Mail for .NET with native classes that send, receive, compose, edit, encode and decode e-mail messages.
PowerTCP FTP for .NET has recently been updated to provide additional functionality and increased exception handling capability. Visit the PowerTCP FTP for .NET product page for more information and free trial.
NEW Delete() and BeginDelete() methods delete directories, files (using wild-cards), and recursive directory trees. Be careful with this!
Visual Studio .NET has been released and Dart is committed to giving you a choice when it comes to .NET. You can either purchase our native .NET managed code components for the .NET Framework or use our ActiveX controls for both Visual Studio 6 and .NET. All the ActiveX products have been updated to include support for the .NET Framework through interoperability and now ship with a variety of VB.NET samples.
Visit the PowerTCP FTP for .NET product page to read about all the great new features for FTP communications
Written with C# in 100% managed code, our newest component is designed to take advantage of all that .NET has to offer.
“Microsoft is pleased to be working with Dart Communications as it introduces its suite of PowerTCP Internet communications components for the Microsoft .NET Framework,” said Marie Huwe, director of Developer Tools at Microsoft Corp. “Together, the PowerTCP components and the Microsoft .NET Framework will provide developers with a comprehensive solution for delivering communications functionality in Internet applications.”
When should a person say salam when performing salah? Does he move face simultaneously saying salam?
When a person is performing salāh individually (munfarid), he should first turn his face and then say As-salāmu ῾alaykum wa rahmutallāh.[1]
When salāh is performed in congregation, the muqtadī (follower) should say salām simultaneously with the Imām. As soon as the Imām says the words of salām, the muqtadī should turn his face and say salām.[2]
To subscribe to our newsletter simply add your email below. A confirmation email will be sent to you!
Description Blythe-Hollowell Mortuary, located at the corner of Olive and Mason Streets, Fort Collins, Colorado. 24 hour ambulance available. Dignified, clean, dependable service.
Image Origin Scan from tourist publication "The Fort Collins Guide - Published for the Out-of-Town Visitor and Newcomer" by Manly W. Lutz Publications, 1951-1952. Booklet is in Archive Special Collections Tourist Information, Box TI-1.
Customising Microsoft Access forms, adding your own menus and command buttons is part of creating a Microsoft Access database application and designing an Access graphical user interface. Microsoft Access forms can contain the built in Access navigation buttons and record counter, or you may wish to add your own.
If you decide to remove the standard Microsoft Access navigation options from your database forms, which also removes the Microsoft Access record counters, it would be a good idea to include your own custom designs, so that a user of the database can see what record they are currently on, and how many records are contained in the database table.
Microsoft Access standard navigation buttons and the record counter is removed by setting the option to No, in the properties of the form for the Navigation Buttons. If you remove these, you will need to add your own navigation to allow the user to move through the records displayed in the form.
If we decide to create our own navigation buttons on the form (we can use the Microsoft Access built in wizards) or add buttons and attach your own code, you will also need to account for the record counter.
To create a record counter you will need to use an unbound text box and apply code using the OnCurrent event of the form. If we look at the following example, you will see that it includes command buttons that will allow us to navigate through the form, and also includes a record counter. To enhance the design, the record counter is included in a text box, but formatting has been applied to the text box (it is formatted as flat, with transparent borders and the text colour has been changed to match the rest of the forms design)
In the OnCurrent event of the Microsoft Access form, we add the following code, that includes the record count (record X of Y) into a text box on the form (named txtRecordNo).
We use the OnCurrent, as this event will change every time the form moves to a different record (i.e. The Current record):
Data Conservancy | Data Conservancy is devoted to developing institutional solutions for the challenges of data collection, preservation and re-use.
DC Packaging Specification builds upon the community endorsed BagIt specification by adding semantic information about the contents of the package.
Package Ingest Service deposits the contents of a package into a Fedora 4 digital repository as linked data.
We recently posted a piece about our data rescue pilot in collaboration with the Data Rescue Boulder. That piece offers information about the process, tools, lessons learned and outcomes. I am writing this op-ed piece to outline the motivation, …
The Data Conservancy (DC) has recently collaborated with Data Rescue Boulder to complete a data rescue pilot. Through our conversations, both groups realized that there is an important opportunity to develop a model for data rescue collection development. Data …
We have been busy launching Public Access Submission System (https://t.co/zYOscEVIP3) but we were very pleased to h… https://t.co/f30wdsuwdL
This species has an extremely large range, and hence does not approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the range size criterion (Extent of Occurrence <20,000 km2 combined with a declining or fluctuating range size, habitat extent/quality, or population size and a small number of locations or severe fragmentation). Despite the fact that the population trend appears to be decreasing, the decline is not believed to be sufficiently rapid to approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the population trend criterion (>30% decline over ten years or three generations). The population size may be moderately small to large, but it is not believed to approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the population size criterion (<10,000 mature individuals with a continuing decline estimated to be >10% in ten years or three generations, or with a specified population structure). For these reasons the species is evaluated as Least Concern.
This species has a very large range, and hence does not approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the range size criterion (Extent of Occurrence <20,000 km2 combined with a declining or fluctuating range size, habitat extent/quality, or population size and a small number of locations or severe fragmentation). The population trend is not known, but the population is not believed to be decreasing sufficiently rapidly to approach the thresholds under the population trend criterion (>30% decline over ten years or three generations). The population size has not been quantified, but it is not believed to approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the population size criterion (<10,000 mature individuals with a continuing decline estimated to be >10% in ten years or three generations, or with a specified population structure). For these reasons the species is evaluated as Least Concern.
ABS filament for open source 3D Printers. High quality, constant diameter, bright constant colours for accurate repeatable prints. The filament comes on a plastic spool and is sealed in a plastic bag with dececant and packaged in a box (sometimes we remove the filament from the box to fit everything into your parcel). Each spool is marked with the type of filament, the recommended printing temperature and the manufacturing batch number. We have a lot of confidence in the filament we supply, because we use it ourselves. This filament is manufactured by Chenyue Technology.
ABS (Acrylonitrile butadiene styrene) is commonly used in 3D Printers and throughout the plastic industry. It is selected for its toughness, temperature resistance and strength. ABS is available in a range of colors and is easy to print with. In 3D Printing, it is mostly used for functional components. It is the same material LEGO is made of.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Telescope shop | Glacial Age Template Design by Clyde Jones | Powered by Zen Cart
Hey guys! I was finally able to make an account here which was definitely an adventure in itself. My emails weren't sending to Scott properly so I had to message someone on Facebook (if you're reading this, thank you very much once again!) and he was able to somehow find someone who was able to activate my account for me.
As for an introduction, I've been interested in wildlife ever since I was a small child. My mom used to be a traveling nurse so I basically got to grow up exploring various different states, cultures, and of course seeing tons of cool wildlife! My favorite places I've ever lived were California, Hawaii, Nevada and New Mexico (and hopefully, we're moving back out there next Summer! Fingers crossed). I'm currently a 20 year old gal living in Wisconsin with my parents. They're not as gung-ho about Herping as I am, but they really enjoy getting outdoors with me and exploring which is nice.
Although I never manage to find a big variety of species, I'm working on finding different areas to explore so hopefully I'm able to find some cool things before I move next year (mostly hoping for a C. horridus, which is one of my favorite rattlesnake species)
Anyways, now for some pictures! A few things were taken with a Nikon Coolpix L810 but after it finally kicked the bucket my dad surprised me with my very first DSLR, a Nikon D3400 with two kit lenses (18-55mm and 70-300mm). Hopefully before next year I can save up and get a nice Macro lens (I'm eyeing the AF-S VR Micro-Nikkor 105mm F/2.8G IF-ED)
I hope you guys enjoyed my pictures! I'm always looking out for new tips and tricks so don't be afraid to tell me what I'm doing wrong
I really like the pictures. Every time I see reports from Wisconsin I take note of the blanding's! They were hard to come by in Michigan. Maybe I should have made the drive, haha.
Your pics are already high quality! Welcome to the forum, and I concur on your choice of macro lens . I've been using the older, pre VR version for years and I love the quality it gives me.
Thank you guys! I'm working on a list of herps I wanna find this year and next before I move, so hopefully once I get my new lens I'll be able to take some cool shots!
...Now I just need to convince my parents to drive for a few hours since I don't live near any of the counties I want to herp in
Blanding's turtle would be cool to see - I haven't ever seen one of those. I have only been up that way a few times, never seriously herping.
It's fun to see that your N leopard frogs also have a green morph and a brown one. That's how they are here in Utah too.
Ah, I remember those days pretty fondly. It's much better now, of course, driving myself. But that was some pretty quality time with the 'rents. Usually my mom - dad hates snakes. Still. Ha ha.
And yeah Jimi, when I found him I had no idea what he was (I'm better with snakes than with turtles), but I just knew that he was something special.
I dont know if it is just me but it seems like when you post the links on here they seem to last a little longer than the ones where you have to put the code in.
It's down to certain sites rather than what the links are like (as far as I know), sometimes you find 5 links for 1 file years later and 1 of them is still active so sometimes they get removed right away and sometimes never.
You need to be looking at producing sales funnels. ClickFunnels demystifies and simplifies the process of developing sales funnels so you can take your service to brand-new heights.
Prior to we can discussexactly what ClickFunnels is and what it does we have to comprehend what a sales funnel is and why it is necessary.
A marketing funnel takes your potential customers from that initial engagement through actions that are planned to result in a conversion. A funnel normally has various conversions at various points. Funnels are different.
ClickFunnels is a tool developed to help develop and execute sales funnels. You may require a number of software and online tools to create some of these which can be a lot. With ClickFunnels you can do all that and more on one platform.
Developing a website takes some time that would be much better spent on dealing with your sales process. If you currently have a website that’s excellent, but with ClickFunnels, a website is not the end-all and be-all of marketing. You do not even need a website to begin utilizing ClickFunnels!
With ClickFunnels you can focus on doing the things that will construct and improve your sales funnel.
Starting is simple. ClickFunnels uses a 14-day trial that let’s you check out the product prior to you buy it. This is excellent as it provides you an opportunity to see how it works and explore how you can use it for your very own service.
There are training tutorials that you can enjoy and ClickFunnels gets you to watch these videos by providing a totally free Tee shirts (and getting you to choose in on the mailing list). The training videos are short but they explain how whatever works really clearly.
There is variety pre-built sales funnels that you can select from that match your organisation. You begin by choosing your sales funnel. You can produce and grow your mailing list with the Lead Capture funnel, sell services and products with the Sales Page Funnels, promote webinars with Webinar Funnels and more. After choosing your funnel you can then choose a design template. ClickFunnels has different templates that you can select from. These have all been checked and shown to work so you can get through your A/B screening phase rapidly.
ClickFunnels has an easy to use user interface that let’s you integrate clocks, animations, videos and other elements on your templates. You do not need any unique coding abilities, the editor lets you drag aspects onto the page, alter the phrasing, and choose colors and typefaces to suit your needs.
The quality of the pages produced with ClickFunnels is outstanding and the style is mobile-responsive which means they will look fantastic on any mobile device.
A funnel isn’t simply about creating pages, but likewise about getting them to connect to specific action flows and incorporating things like autoresponders and payment processors for a more automatic procedure. ClickFunnels provides that a person platform to build your whole funnel. You also get tracking and analytics to help you see the efficiency of each funnel so you can enhance and enhance it.
ClickFunnels is an excellent, simple item to use for building sales and marketing funnels. The most important element of having the product is the education you will obtain from it. There is so much to discover funnels and this product unpacks whatever in an easy to understand manner. It might not be the most inexpensive item on the market but thinking about that it eliminates all the extra items you generally would require, it is very cost effective and worth it.
Follow If you want your online forum to be accessible on tablets, smartphones, PCs, and laptops, then you have to check out these awesome phpBB3 themes. All of these phpBB3 styles have responsive designs, and they come with cool features… Continue Reading →
[ 09 November 2018 ] Famous rapper Lil Uzi Vert visits campus for haircuts, performances	Around Campus
If the university moves forward with plans for an on-campus stadium, it should learn from the sports complex.
Art installation and bodega “La Frontera,” encouraged immigrant African American and Latin American communities to come together.
The Dufala Brothers tackle Philadelphian issues through interactive, conceptual art in “Waste Dreams.”
Different from marches in the past, the 2015 March to End Rape Culture focused on intersectionality by striving to include minorities and the trans community of Philadelphia.
The Temple News has been the paper of record for the Temple University community since it first printed as Temple University Weekly on Sept. 19, 1921. The award-winning student publication, editorially independent of Temple, now publishes every Tuesday and daily online. The Temple News distributes 5,000 printed copies, free of charge, to the university’s primary locations in the Delaware Valley.
A unique perspective on international news, current events, and diverse cultures, presenting issues not often covered in the U.S. media. Click here for more information.
This entry was posted in . Bookmark the permalink. Both comments and trackbacks are currently closed.
Going on a date can be exciting and daunting at the same time. Of course, you want to make a good impression so you have to look for dating games that your date will surely enjoy. Do a bit of research on your date so you can pick accordingly. If you’re going out on a [...]
Posted on 01 January 2011. Tags: chat, dating advice, dating profile, online dating, online dating tips, photo, safety, screen name
Do you often find the need to do something out of the ordinary? Do you find love as an interesting concept for any kind of game? Or do you want to burn some free time on something that is new to your perspective? If you said yes to all these questions, then you would definitely [...]
Many gamers air at the games they dance and hope of creating their own. Perhaps next to a pet notion for a spectator sport that hasn't been through yet. Maybe you cogitate a picky activity is brilliant, but the scheme is so thin, unquestionably a greater newspaper columnist could have pulled so such much out of the undertake. If you discovery yourself reasoning same this, perhaps a picture hobby ornamentation job is for you. Let's pilfer a countenance at what positions are on tap.
Lead designers jot and system and orchestrate. It is the blameworthiness of the head interior decorator to be paid certain the cosmos of the unfit is a spot players will discovery exciting. The head draughtswoman of necessity to hang on to line of the pulsing of the play world, to cognise what is hot, what is algid and what gamers will judge in a new unfit. The atomic number 82 planner tries to insight the uncomparable compromise betwixt the equipment and incident ready and the of necessity of the project to craft the best practical game, informed wherever to cut corners and wherever to direction renown.
Another of the tasks is to insure that all and sundry in the overhang understands and plant towards the themes of the unfit. What seems approaching a accompanying coppers can outlay weeks of pursue and junked thousands of dollars. The organize interior decorator has to ascertain when it is assessment those changes, and to project capably plenty that changes aren't required more than a miniature magnitude of the case.
Game designers purloin the transcription specified to them by the others and change direction them into virtual truth. Game designers are given environment of the halt and are told to kind all mental faculty work, and trade both with the modules the another designers are managing. Game designers have to be superb analysts and unrestrained those who will hope out the opposite members of the team to manufacture every page hard work well mutually and purchase both shrewdness and high calibre at your disposal to in good health the lame. They have to be able to amount out what is working, what isn't method and what requests to be done to letter-perfect those problems. They too inevitability to be fitting writers who can green goods observable and telegraphic reports and emails to converse this beside others.
Artists gyrate those thick transcript that say a 12 women in concatenation message bikinis awheel dinosaurs and carrying crossbows will consequently forced entry the bash into a imagination. In a terrifically existing sense, an artist did thing you see in the halt. There are artists specializing in persona design, every who do the setting images, others who construct the tackle and even animals. Artists essential get how the metaphors will be rendered, so they can initiate the highest appearances time victimization the slightest practicable magnitude of group possessions.
Resume will be posted soon! Still transferring from non compatable software from a Macintosh. Damn fruits anyway!
Just now I can feel that little quivering of the pen which has always foreshadowed the happy delivery of a good book. --Emile Zola
I love Buster Keaton, I love The Wizard of Oz, but most of all, I love books. The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore, the Oscar-nominated 15-minute animated short film by William Joyce, combines all those elements (and more) to create a delightful visual experience about the curative power of words. Like this year's Best Picture nominee The Artist, it's essentially a silent film which proves that less is indeed more. I won't taint your viewing experience by saying else, except this: find the first available 15 minutes of your day and give yourself over to Joyce's colorful imagination.
Speaking of the Oscars, don't forget to vote in the 2012 Quivering Pen Academy Awards Prediction Contest.
Yes - what a joy this was to watch (and I think Mr. Lessmore has an uncanny resemblance to you David!) Thanks for sharing this - I will be sure to pay it forward myself as well as hope for an Oscar win.
The Quivering Pen's motto can be summed up in two words: Book Evangelism. The blog is written and curated by David Abrams, author of the novels Brave Deeds (Grove/ Atlantic, 2017) and Fobbit (Grove/ Atlantic, 2012), from his home office in Butte, Montana. It is fueled by early-morning cups of coffee, the occasional bowl of Cheez-Its, and a lifelong love of good books.
There comes a jarring moment in every reader's life when he connects with an equally profound moment in the writer's life. Let m...
When I joined the Army in 1988, I dove into a deep bowl of alphabet soup and nearly drowned. AAFES, TDY, POV, FTX, CQ, HHC, MOS, OPSEC, CE...
My First Lesson Learned If book tours were a thing when Houghton Mifflin published my first novel in 1981, I’m sure I would have had ...
Before the financial ruin, before the shame, before the suffering, before the world's slowest suicide, there was the sex. And it was...
The First Time I Took Myself Seriously The first time I went to a weeklong writers’ workshop I was still in grad school, before jobs...
Congratulations to Tisa Houck , winner of last week’s Friday Freebie: Godsend by John Wray. This week’s giveaway is a Lord of the Rings ...
Shutterstock I t was a perfect late May morning: the air was crisp and cool as the other side of the pillow, clouds were a garden of w...
My First Time at a Transformational Reading I arrived at college, raw and confused, bobbing between a cocky embrace of unwarranted pr...
Most every country in the world taxes the value of goods coming into their country from overseas, the US included. There are massive books which detail exactly how much each item should be taxed ( called a duty or tariff when applied to imported goods ). The detail is hilarious and stunning. For example:
And it continues. So depending on where a bike is from, how big it’s wheels are, and various other factors, it’s import duty can be anywhere from 0% to 30% of the value of the bike. Most bikes fall into the 11% rate though.
Now, if you want to import a bike into, say, China, their duty is 23%. What this means is a $200 bike made in the US will cost you $250 in China, while a $200 bike made in China will cost you $225 in the US ( yes, I rounded the numbers ). What that also means is that if you figure a way to make the same bike in China for $180, when you import it into the US, it will cost $200, with the duty added in.
Part of the idea of import duties is to make it more expensive to produce goods overseas than it would be to produce them locally. The core of the idea being if it costs $200 to make and sell a bike with a profit, why would you ask a customer to pay $225 for a Chinese bicycle, not even including the added expense of actually physically importing the bike?
Of course, this entire model has gone out the window with three concepts that have overlapped in a nice way to destroy 1st world countries.
First, is cheap transportation. The ability to ship most anything from anywhere to anywhere cheaply by cargo ship is extraordinary. And speed isn’t really an issue either, you can order a customized iPad engraved with your name that will make it from a factory in China to your hands in under 48 hours.
Second, is the rise of Free Trade policies and ideas which have lowered tariffs into most 1st world nations to a very low amount - notice the US rate for a bike is less than half of China’s for importing the average bike. The UK is 15%, still ⅔ of China’s rate. Sometimes it’s far more - http://www.bike-eu.com/Laws-Regulations/EU-Directives/2011/7/Level-Anti-Dumping-Duty-on-Chinese-Bicycle-Imports-Continues-as-485-BIK005087W/
And third is, of course the lower wages and cost of living, as well as lower standard of living, in many of the places where manufacturing has moved.
This last is why you see so many goods stamped with “Made in China”. It’s not a $200 bike with an 11% tariff. It’s $60 with a 11% tariff, that’s then sold for $150. It makes a massive profit for the retailer/importer and still is cheaper than the American made one.
Runaway production is a major problem for US creatives. You will have American lead actors and American directors making movies written by Americans, paid for by American corporations produced and post-produced in foreign countries because bribes and kickbacks in the form of tax subsidies artificially lower the cost of doing the work there.
Ironically, the movie studios themselves have made an argument that can solve this problem, and that is in relation to piracy. The MPAA’s own study claims that piracy was costing them $6,100,000,000/year. Regardless of whether or not this is an accurate number is not the point. The very act of claiming it, however, shows the studios put a monetary value on the intellectual property that is a film. Not just the physical medium, but the value of somebody viewing the film.
This company is importing something of value, produced overseas. So I ask, why isn’t it tariffed the same as any other product?
The key factors that lead to work outsourcing are all exacerbated by digital media production, especially VFX. Near instantaneous delivery of material, at incredibly low costs - just the cost of an industrial strength internet connection. No import duties at all, a free trader dream, and low wages - either through lower standards of living, exchange rate imbalance, or tax subsidies.
Where the tariff - T, is the Total pre tax incentive Budget multiplied by 0.01% * highest number of US screens concurrently played on within 6 months of release ) times the percentage of the final film produced overseas.
This is a perfectly fair and easy way to stop runaway production, while at the same time alleviating any concerns over stopping access to a foreign film. It covers both outsourcing to third world nations where wages are 1/100th what they are in the States, and against international tax subsidies allowing worker’s wages to be artificially lessened on paper.
Note: i’m going to simplify the math here so that it’s easy to grasp, obviously it will become more complicated - especially on labor based tax breaks, but that will provide hard working accountants with work as well.
Let say you have a $200,000,000 film with an $90,000,000 VFX budget. It has a total runtime of 112 minutes, 97 minutes of which are VFX shots. The distribution plan is to release on 3750 US screens.
It was made 100% in the UK, by UK actors. It's British characters, in Britain, doing British things. It's also a great film. Budget was $5,000,000, and opened on 607 American screens. Under my plan, it's total tariff would be 6.07%, or $303,500. Opening weekend US box office for Shawn of the Dead? $3,300,000. Total US box office - $13,542,874.
The way the formula works out, it escalates based on not only the budget of a movie, but how wide an appeal it has. If there was a weird Icelandic picture about cod fishing that cost $100,000,000**** but was only shown in the US on one screen because it has, shall we say, limited appeal, it would have a tarrif of $10,000. If you had a $100,000 Icelandic cod fishing movie- much more likely -it would have a tariff of $10.
So, there you go. Make it more expensive to produce big budget, pop entertainment, allow niche films, art house and the like to come through essentially untouched. It doesn’t stop sovereign nations from adopting whatever tax policies they wish. If the UK wants to use taxpayer funds to support the film industry, fine. But have it support the British film industry, not American film corporations. Same for Canada, New Zealand - wherever.
And because the tariff is based on the pre-incentive budget of the film in American dollars, the high salaries of actors, directors , etc will offset the benefits of going to low wage markets.
Similar formulas could be worked out for TV, commercials, video games, etc., the parameters of which should be worked out by people who know more about those industries than I.
This is also important to other industries that can easily be outsourced - programming, accountants, architects. The list is long. The future is in producing things in a digital format, and sliding it around the planet as packets of electrons undercuts a fundamental form or trade regulation.
Now, the ugly truth. This will never happen. The Democrats rely on big money contributions from Hollywood and the Republicans never like anything that raises taxes. But you can do something. Write this suggestion to your congressman and Senators. Talk about protecting jobs.
If they are a Democrat, appeal to the fact that many of these jobs are Union jobs. They’ll like that.
If they are a Republican, remind them that they are protecting “‘Merican jerbs”, and it raises taxes on the lefty Hollywood Elite. They’ll like that.
Absolutely. But if the goal is to protect American jobs, then we must, by definition, adopt protectionist actions.
***okay, technically Working Title is owned by Universal, but they are only in the UK, and make UK films
This is a great story of doing what you do for the sheer enjoyment of doing it. Yes, Anvil had a lot of influence on tons of metal bands of the eighties while never finding success themselves. And to a lot of people, they view this movie as something of a tragedy. I view it as telling people you just need to be content with being, not with being successful.
If you are in anyway human this movie will leave you sad, angry and disappointed in your fellow man. This is an incredibly important film to see. What I find most interesting is how the story is ignored by Japanese media and the local law enforcement cloisters off the town. In otherwords, they know what they are doing is wrong, yet still do it.
I didn't know what to expect going going into this. I heard from people it was funny, but I am not really a fan of what passes for cinematic comedy these days, so I was surprised at how laugh-out-loud this movie was for me. This is a classic comedy that will be watched and rewatched for years to come.
How do you take a beloved franchise that has 42 years of history, satisfy it's rabid fan base, and make a movie that is approachable to people who don't know or actively dislike it? Easy. You throw it all out and start over. JJ Abrams wonderful little flick was a great start to the summer. It had great action sequences, a great story, and great, classic characters re-invented by a talented cast. What's not to love?
Quiet, introspective and driven by an amazing performance by Sam Rockwell, Moon is great science fiction. It asks some serious questions about business, the nature of reality, and the true, high cost of energy. A brilliant film.
Quentin Tarantino's best since Pulp Fiction. Tarantino is a master craftsman. His long, dialog driven scenes give this writer an unctuous treat to wrap my brain around. What is truly amazing is how he managed to keep his style of dialog without modern pop references or even the english language.
I didn't think any movie this year would leave me laughing more than "The Hangover", but this did. Classic British wit, wrapped up in politics. The biggest problem with this film is you are laughing so hard you miss the next joke.
Usually a film lets you get situated and settled in before they hit you with an emotional suckerpunch. Not Up. No, Pete Doctor hits you square in the gut with a montage that shows a mastery of storytelling I envy. And it only gets better from there. Plus, it has a zeppelin. That makes it extra awesome.
An unbelievably tense film driven by perfectly rendered, real characters wonderfully acted. A brilliantly directed, tense film. Go see it. Then go see it again. This is amazing movie making on every level and should be supported. I don't see this losing it's top spot.
So there it is, my top 10 films of 2009 so far. Here are the ones I am looking forward to for the rest of the year, and some look to be contenders for the list. Some, like 2012, just look like FX fests...
There is a large issue with noise when it comes to Google Analytics in the real world. “Noise” is what I call any traffic or conversion that could not possible be a customer in your business model.
I was asked by Gary Hirsh about using hashtags in his campaign to spread his Joybots around the world. He has seen quite a few different hashtags being used for his product, and has been using some on his own, but had some questions. Our conversation lead me to doing […]
In 29 Credits, I focus a lot on how to stop procrastinating. I procrastinate incredibly well, or incredibly badly, depending on how you look at it. I know I am not the only one. I find that overcoming procrastination is one skill that helps all of us use our time better, stay on top […]
I have learned an interesting thing when creating my first digital product, 29 Credits — at a certain point, you just have to say it is complete and launch. In many ways, I am a perfectionist. We all know that nothing is ever perfect and we are all our own worst critic. Which means that […]
By David Van Veen|March 6th, 2014|29 Credits, Creating, Digital Marketing, Digital Products, Failure|0 Comments|
At Countryside Children’s Academy we believe in top quality early training that optimizes Understanding and expansion by way of efficient differentiation as well as training of STEAM (Science, Engineering, Engineering, Arts and Math) to diversify your child’s skillset, inspire exploration and reinforce important pondering and learning via specially designed functions and experiences.
All 3 publications are famous for his or her journalistic attributes[109] as well as their capability in raising a large amount of funding from small business ad to offset the cost of printing.
Nysmith School for that Gifted Picture #7 - Second-graders rehearse for the music efficiency. Nysmith college students have music twice weekly and put on two important performances each year.
Area inside our entire day toddler & preschool application is based on availability, so we persuade you to post your paperwork at the earliest opportunity.
(two) I am a mother of two developed married daughters and a grandmother to 2 great grandsons. I have lately retired from the twelve year position of dealing with households. My Main aim was youthful mothers, aiding them to get better situated in life.
If the plans transform, make sure you do not forget that SACC demands a minimum of two months' discover to terminate services. Assistance have to be cancelled in advance to prevent being answerable for payment.
Peterson likes to admit the help she bought during her quest to become a physician. Her extraordinary résumé masks the deeply rooted issues she encountered increasing up. Her parents have been teachers, which gave her spouse and children fiscal steadiness, even so the largely segregated general public schools she attended experienced tiny in just how of supplies or engineering. She experienced some excellent instructors, like a chemistry Trainer who Peterson credits together with her appreciate of science, but she was stunned by what her classmates currently knew when she reached college.
The stadium will likely have enhanced seating for not only the Glory but additionally next page to the Virginia Point out Softball Championships which can also be hosted at the site coupled with baseball, lacrosse, soccer and track.[forty five] Teachers[edit]
Nysmith School for your Gifted is nationally recognized for its pupils’ superior exam scores, though the curriculum on the K-8 school wasn’t built that can help college students go checks, explained Headmaster Ken Nysmith.
Westfield's soccer application has long been identified as on the list of top rated programs during the condition and it has gained five point out titles,[61] 3 seasons ending with perfect data.[sixty two] Due to Westfield's substantial enrollment, the school is classified 6A-class, as outlined with the Virginia High School League. Beginning Together with the 2017-eighteen academic 12 months, it belongs to your Concorde District within Area D.
(Reward: Young ones who go to our phonics application tend to be more prepared than their friends for school—and We've the information to establish it.) Our Instructors
Prekindergartners are making ready for the adventure of a life span – school. And our Early Foundations Prekindergarten® application is made to get them All set by instructing letters and terms, math concepts, and valuable social competencies.
Now my following problem is always to re validate my Health care Diploma in America, and specialize in Pediatric Heath, This is why I'd personally like to informative post taking are of kids. Over time I attained encounter babysitting my tiny brother that's now 5years old, Besides a handful of Youngsters from my apartment intricate, such as a 7 several years previous by who demands Distinctive care resulting from a condition get in touch with sickle cell anemia.
^ "A heritage of Luther P. Jackson substantial school : a report of a scenario research on the event of the black large school" (abstract).
Flemming covered more than 600 sporting events, and had a highlight show on Sunday mornings reviewing the very best higher education soccer game titles played on Saturdays throught the 1960s and nineteen seventies. He died in Petoskey in 2007, and was married 57 many years to his wife, Barbara, who he satisfied in the University of Michigan.
I was very disappointed in the extent of care I acquired. I recommended them this had to be an inside job. I want you to pay attention to whats occurring not simply at this spot. But, its happening at other destinations likewise.
To anybody who has read through this much I apologize for your very long winded Model And that i haven't basically taken the time to complain about some thing like this but any time you’re addressed this badly I just come to feel compelled to share it with people who might endure the exact same fate.
While in the winter of 1825, the primary general public ball was held in Ann Arbor inside of a log tavern around your home of Erastus Root
I used to be very seriously viewed as to affix the middle as soon as I get back again to Houston, TX but which was forever altered my intellect and scared my optimistic experience Along with the Health Center when Mr. Muhammad, Eric so contact supervisor arrived around me while I was waiting within the lobby for my sister, is actually a member, to come back out.
Very first, I was explained to that prizes got based upon the volume of time you registered on the internet, which wasn't Component of the event rules. But reserving a motorcycle is not really an indication of who truly showed up and rode. I generally don’t reserve a motorcycle.
He was also an alderman, school board member, served on the Board of Administrators for two neighborhood financial institutions, and was twice defeated for circuit choose. In 1909, he and his wife, Cora, ordered quite a bit on Huron Avenue that became the Washtenaw Summary Corporation which he founded in 1893.
Deck inherited the situation of needing to shut underutilized schools that had to start with plagued Superintendent Davis.[49] 29 elementary schools, mainly from the japanese A part of the county, have been analyzed for feasible closure, but Deck's recommendation in April 1980 was for 8 schools being shut, 5 greater than the overview panel had proposed.
On July 21, 1937, an explosion on Hoover Avenue near the Intramural Making occured after a short-circuit in An electrical energy line ignited sewer fuel which had amassed inside of a manhole.
The very first piano manufactured its strategy to Ann Arbor from Detroit in 1827 by a staff of oxen; Indians ended up drastically attracted to this musical instrument
Flowers is incredibly various look at more info and ranges from sun-loving species to people who improve in dense shade. Tree go over dominates the publicly owned acreage, and is a significant component on privately owned lands. Oak-hickory will be the predominant timber sort, nevertheless, a number of other commercially significant timber species also occupy substantial acreages.
On April 30, 1965, Everyday living Journal's image of existence inside the womb on how lifestyle commences by Lennart Nilsson was one of the top rated pictures in the century Particularly on the issue of abortion
Very first slope mine operations began in 1854 southeast of Harrisburg. In the course of the early several years, the coal was transported by wagon to local homes and organizations for heating. Coal Mining became a very important sector for that article-Antebellum, now Gilded Age metropolis.[five] The Cairo and Vincennes Railroad was accomplished in 1872 and presented transportation for coal and also the miners who weary absent underground.[five] After a number of company transactions brought the Cairo and Vincennes Railroad to the palms of the Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago & St. Louis Railway all-around 1890, with Illinois condition representative Charles P Skaggs as mayor,[fourteen] Harrisburg progressed into among the main coal-mining facilities with the Midwest.[six] Harrisburg was a strategic place about the railroad route with a considerable hump lawn, which makes it the focal point with the most efficient coal field functions.
By 1986, Akradi chose to produce his very own wellness club. He understood each look here Element of the organization and thought that he could present greater customer care, and supply products and services that everyone during the loved ones would enjoy, which include shiny, clean swimming swimming pools and a range of lessons.
July 17, 2017 at 7:25 pm There are 2 Smith machines in the Apex, N.C location. Just one is from order and After i asked a person to the personnel about when it will be fixed he stated that they want to eliminate both of those of them and that if I you wish to squat you need to make use of a squat rack. This employees member definitely hasn't been to a real fitness center. Smith devices are useful for many various exercises, squats getting the least.
When I brought the Observe towards the Life time representative in Rochester Hills, I was flabbergasted by her reaction. Initially, she explained to me that I did not need a Take note in the doctor, that I could just return.
"This district, and that is built around the land and which has been nourished with the land, personifies the kind of troubles which I believe America will almost certainly face from the 1960s.
The scholars had been thrown out of your event, and returned later on by using a mob and killed Binder's dog. Due to this, no liquor licenses were being to be issued east of Division Road.
I'll dispute the Maintain fees by way of my lender Except I get a signed duplicate on the arrangement I signed around the director’s Personal computer. Subsequent that, I will likely be happy to send out Lifetime a letter of cancellation for my membership.
I actually Believe corporate could do far better. I had been pondering along the lines of life span Onyx memberships for my son and myself.
June twelve, 2015 at 2:37 am My son and I are already gold customers with Life span Physical fitness for about seven months. We frequent The standard, TX location. We have savored our membership until now. Tonight we ended up denied use in the facilities by Taylor (LNU) who said that the corporate policy did not enable minors in the power after 11PM. He afterwards described that there were an incident the place “a white lady complained about some black Young children staying rowdy several nights in the past.” I explained to Kerry Demler (facilities ops Division head) that we had been coming into the gymnasium for months at the same time and experienced by no means been discussed this coverage. When I asked if she could deliver me a replica on the policy, she then gave me a “Lifetime Fitness Hours of Procedure” and “Life span Visitor Plan”.
Furthermore, if I'd personally be capable to prove that I was less than health care provider’s care through my leave, I could use the money accrued in the account to pay long run dues. I was advised to convey the medical professional’s verification once the medical professional experienced established that I could return. Sounded like an incredible offer to me!
Not right up until I attempted to Call Mr. Akradi straight did anyone give me the choice of cancelling by signed letter. Your sales strategy is not any different enough time Share gross sales.
September 23, 2017 at one:37 pm Why does LTF Tempe, AZ make it possible for a member with an unrestrained & untrained Canine in the power frequently. Workers respond to problems by stating it is a company Pet. This really is questionable dependant on: the Pet doesn’t continue being close to owner constantly; it wanders, techniques & sniffs strangers; the operator will allow men and women to pet the Canine. A qualified service Before and After School Care Programs Centreville Puppy & liable owner would never ever interact in these behaviors. Sept 22, the Pet wandered in the weight spot.
Precisely the same day I been given a phone phone from a supervisor I asked for previously that working day. After i called back again and asked to talk to Alfonzo, I had been instructed he remaining his Place of work and they're going to transfer me to a different manager, Ashley. Instead of transferring me to Ashley, Joe picked up the road in which he was quite rude. Instead of apologizing for virtually any inconveniences this brought on he said, “I thought I informed you it’s likely to take five to 7 business enterprise times to the refund to return to your account”.
After i joined they asked me to sign an agreement that my charge card can be immediately charged every month the month-to-month membership. They reported it was for my benefit. There was no negligible size of membership. I did not get any discounted or benefit for letting them to cost my card instantly each month. Once i had to maneuver to my moms area in July to get care of her, I used to be no more capable of utilize the club. I was hoping It will be non permanent, but turned out to become more time than predicted. I known as the club conclusion of August to terminate, but they reported I can’t cancel the month to month demand unless I am going there in man or woman or ship a certified letter. After which I'd even now be billed for a further thirty day period.
January 16, 2017 at 5:46 pm Very last June my spouse my spouse signed up my son for just a fourteen day trial with the club that we the two Employed in Atlanta. Before the end on the trial she advised them that he did not want the membership. He did not go during the trial or Anytime considering the fact that. We ended up instructed that the trial had been canceled. We didn’t Consider anything at all more details on it till we recognized this January that Although we experienced canceled our membership very last Discover More Oct simply because we were transferring away from state, we ended up still becoming billed each month. On investigation, we identified which the billing was not for us but for our son.
October 24, 2017 at two:36 pm Many thanks for that insight- yes it can be a gorgeous facility. Ultimately, they could find yourself like Bally’s extra time. The CEO Bahram Akradi would be appalled to working experience these kind of matters himself at his personal gymnasium. I might in the customer service organization with consumers plus your suitable they could use extra training.
In 1897, Fred Weinburg proven a diving slide at the corner of Fifth and Hill, along with a higher diving board in 1909 as pictured previously mentioned. There was ice skating there inside the Wintertime.
On November twenty five, a jury uncovered Chorr guilty of 1st degree murder, and sentenced to hold; having said that, he escaped and was hardly ever to be listened to from in Ann Arbor once again.
Frederick also has a significant amphitheater in Baker Park, which features common music performances of regional and countrywide functions, specifically in the summer months.
In 1955, famed creator, Pearl Buck, accused social employees and spiritual institutions of contributing into a "black market place" for adoptions and preventing adoptions
Kalamazoo designed their first significant school funded by house taxes of landowners; it had been challenged that has a lawsuit, plus the Michigan Supreme Court docket rules in favor of town in 1874.
On the primary Saturday of each month, Frederick hosts an night occasion in the downtown spot termed "First Saturday". Just about every Saturday features a theme, and activities are prepared Based on All those themes during the downtown spot (significantly round the Carroll Creek Promenade). The occasion spans a 10-block location of Frederick and usually takes location from 5 p.
In the 1904 Olympics held at St. Louis, MO, Archie Hahn gained gold medals within the sixty, 100 and 200 meter dash activities, Charles Dvorak won a gold medal within the pole vault, Ralph Rose won a gold medal in the shot set furthermore a silver medal while in the discus and also a bronze medal while in the hammer toss, Fred Shule received a gold medal while in the a hundred and ten meter hurdles, William Coe gained a silver medal in the pole vault, and Jam Handy gained a bronze medal inside the 400 meter breaststroke in swimming.
She was the main lady to chair the county board, and advocated for any countwide parks system, and taught English and Speech at Pioneer Significant School wherever she led the debate workforce to your state championship. She and her partner, Tom, have been married over sixty yrs before passing absent in 2012 on the age of 79.
Virginia regulation enables a person to acquire the final quiz when on a daily basis. DrivingUniversity.com isn't going to cost for retaking the ultimate quiz. Return to Best Sign on
As early as 1955 it had been pointed out that from the Virginia Basic Assembly: Delegates from Northern Virginia brazenly opposed the Stanley ideas in addition to requires all the more radical laws. Virginia's tenth district was the only congressional district to vote towards the Gray Program.[21] Delegate Boatwright also introduced An additional Invoice directed at correcting the unorthodox views in the northern Virginians.[22] Boatwright's legislation would have prohibited selected federal staff check it out from serving on school boards or Keeping other nearby places of work.
In 1857, a scholar died within the College of Michigan as a result of drunkenness his explanation for the duration of a fraternity initiation
It's extremely effectively created and straightforward to stick to together. And, It truly is loaded with unforgettable highway humor caught on digicam which Anyone enjoys.
Thomas Johnson (1732–1819), jurist and political figure with the innovative and article-revolutionary period of time; in his afterwards a long time he lived with his daughter Ann and her husband at Rose Hill Manor in Frederick; Governor Thomas Johnson High School, Found about the house, bears his identify; a middle school is usually named after the governor
In 1872, Ypsilanti's Elijah McCoy invented and patented an automatic lubricator for steam engines on locomotives and ships; he went on to patent fifty seven merchandise, and could be accountable for the idiom, "The actual McCoy." His mom and dad had been fugitive slaves.
“That in itself is transformational,” Nysmith mentioned. “If I ended up to summarize why family members have moved from within the region specifically for their small children to show up at Nysmith, it’s since we make college fun.”
Dozens more small children are turned far from Sunset Hills for insufficient Room. Due to this fact, quite a few mom and dad have long gone so far as to enroll their infants and toddlers for preschool–two and 3 many years beforehand.
Fairfax County’s implementation of STEM and STEAM labs displays a national change in attitudes towards instruction, which can be starting to transfer clear of memorization and strictly classroom-based mostly examine in favor of hands-on, true-globe application.
Exactly what are you prefer to work for? I try and discover the strengths in Every of my instructors, and I've Severe loyalty to them.
The Nysmith College curriculum is a unique application that assists Just about every child attain their potential whilst owning enjoyment carrying out it. Stick to the one-way links down below to discover a few of our recent faculty achievements, college student achievements, and also other newsworthy activities from our school.
The calculator is based on business common charges. Your move prices may well fluctuate depending on the genuine body weight of your goods, the companies you request or are desired to finish the shift, and/or to the pricing of each particular person mover.
Soon after initially starting from a paper publication that Ben and Alex handed out to their classmates, NewzAngle gained more than enough attractiveness that a reporter from WTOP radio interviewed Alex with regards to the internet site on Mar. nine, 2015.
College-large e-mail and other communications were released, and ahead of long more than enough college students had dedicated to the lengthy Level of competition course of action to form the two teams, the one particular coached by McCrystal and captained by eighth grader William Tan of Great Falls, and Staff 2, coached by Praveen Bahethi and captained by Yet another eighth grader, Sameer Bahethi of Lansdowne. In addition to a prolonged and involved system it can be.
This place is auto dependent — most errands need a car. Transit is on the market, with a number of close by general public transportation options. There exists a nominal degree of infrastructure for biking.
What else did the youthful competitors do to maintain by themselves going in the course of Just about every marathon session? “There was usually food!” Hussain, Tan, Host and a number of other Some others declared in unison. “And our moms and dads had been definitely supportive, ensuring we experienced the House to perform the work devoid of a lot of interruptions Which there was food whenever we required to take a split,” acknowledged Hussain. Some interruptions, having said that, have been seemingly fairly suitable. Staff two Captain Bahethi stated that his youthful brother’s presence through their efforts was welcomed through the group. “He form of turned our mascot,” reported Bahethi.
Alex has merged his passion for service with his really like of audio and has long been undertaking piano recitals for seniors in hospitals and nursing properties all over the DC location. He mentioned he enjoys the impression it's got on his audience, the two physiologically (classical songs Advantages the Mind) and psychologically (it will make them joyful!
Sign up for us for an remarkable, adventure loaded summer months at SACC's Camp Discovery. Camp Discovery presents soaring 1st - 7th graders prospects to take part in a number of entertaining experiences that appeal to the artist, performer and athlete in each and every little one.
The Nysmith College has upped their stake in this yr’s CyberPatriot Levels of competition, adding a third group, and six additional learners all set to protect their university’s title versus 460 other faculty groups registered to contend. Eighth-grader Monica Saraf, a member of very last 12 months’s championship staff and Crew Captain from the 2016 “CyberArmour” admitted that which the obstacle was a intense just one, but considered that mentors like Miers and Handley, coaches like parent Bonnie McCrystal and extras like the FireEye go to “will actually assist us to create Nysmith happy with our initiatives.”
” Nor did either team depart anything at all to likelihood. “We had a sport strategy, appropriate from the start,” Captain Tan said. Tan’s Team 1 went straight to the “Browse ME” data files and dissected them totally prior to having action. Bahethi’s Group 2 decided to Website start Every single contest by updating Just about every technique to ensure the most steady versions in advance of commencing their seek out the safety flaws.
Find information on millions of automobile license plate numbers from all over the world in our website taspetro.com's database. Country of registration, owner, any associated fines - all of this is available just by looking up the vehicle's license plate number.
You can use this page to do an online look-up of any fines associated with the vehicle with the number X4. If you do not want for your vehicle's information to be made public, please write to us via the feedback page and we will delete the webpage you designate. We value the privacy of our visitors!
The license plate X4 has been searched for 46 times in the past month. If the information for this number is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know right away!
And we are hoping you'd come to our chatroom tomorrow -- we're battling the boys and discussing relationships. =] We're inviting you to join the college fun!
Uh, YES these cartoons are gettin' it for me. And NO, I'm not ashamed. I stumbled across one of these drawings and laughed so hard, ...
After a commenter left the link to David Kawena, the Illustrator of the Disney Heroes, I decided to check it out again. Jackpot, he's g...
When it comes to grooming, there are few things I hate more than bush. I know it's all anti-feminist and shit and against the whole I ...
Tackling the crazy architecture of ancient Persia in record time, Gavin Ward improves his previous movie by just a few seconds.
Please read the welcome page if you haven't already done so. It explains the rules and methods that apply to all of these movies, particularly the use of savestates and frame advance. Also refer to our Glossary to understand terms we use, such as TAS or other unfamiliar terms.
Printable Cd Label Template. This wonderful image collections about Printable Cd Label Template is accessible to save. We collect this best photo from internet and choose one of the best for you. Printable Cd Label Template photos and pictures selection that posted here was carefully picked and uploaded by admin after selecting the ones that are best among the others.
We choose to provided in this article because this may be one of great resource for any Printable Cd Label Template ideas. Don’t you come here to learn some new unique Printable Cd Label Template ideas? We really hope you can easily accept it as one of your reference and many thanks for your effort for exploring our website. Make sure you distribute this image for your loved friends, family, society via your social networking such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other social bookmarking sites.
Download now Printable Cd Label Template. Our image gallery has huge collection of pictures. You can find Printable Cd Label Template etc. Visit our image gallery to find another Resume and images for your computer’s desktop, tablet, android and laptop background widescreen image. We have collected full screen and high resolution images for Resume lovers. Just right click on the images and save on computer.
Just like owning a car, it is wise for a homeowner to have some knowledge and understanding about things such as the HVAC and plumbing systems to name a few. Every industry has its own terminology as well, a usage so unique that a word or phrase in one industry might mean something completely different in another.
When it comes to septic systems, it is Septic Tank Cleaning Near Me Pleasant Prairie WI vital for a homeowner to have some knowledge of different terminology in order to be able to intelligently talk with septic service companies and their representatives who may need to service or repair a system – and would be likely to address any problems that need to be handled or fixed in technical terms. Below are some important terms relating to a septic system Pleasant Prairie WI and its operation to learn and understand, which could be very useful in knowing what needs to be done to fix a wastewater treatment problem.
Drain field – Typically called a drain field, this is ground near a wastewater system where effluent water flows to be absorbed safely into the ground. A drain field, absorption field, leach field or distribution field is installed as lines Septic Cleaning Pleasant Prairie WI of trenched, perforated PVC tubing called distribution cells that are buried over layers of gravel, then covered in dirt to spread the water over the entire space that the drain field encompasses. PVC pipes extend from the distribution box, which is a contained unit that extends from the septic tank and evenly separates flowing effluent water so that it distributes evenly among the different Pleasant Prairie WI cells.
Effluent Water – This is wastewater that leaves the septic system after passing through a filter and baffle that screen and prevent solid material from getting past the filter and into the drain field. The filter opens into the distribution box and effluence then divides up and flows down different distribution cells.
Influent Water – Influent water is raw sewage of any type Pleasant Prairie WI that enters the septic tank from any type of plumbing system before it is filtered for distribution.
Black Water – Black water is influent water that also contains human waste and would also be entering a wastewater treatment system.
Gray Water – Gray water is the water that flows into a septic tank without any human waste. It comes from sources such as washing Pleasant Prairie WI machines, dishwashers, showers, and bathtubs.
Aerobic and Anaerobic Bacteria – Aerobic bacteria is the type of bacteria that requires atmospheric oxygen in order to live and is the type of bacteria in septic tanks; it does an efficient job of decomposing sewage and reducing organic waste. To maintain aerobic bacteria, many septic systems have aeration chambers that help keep a sufficient amount of oxygen Pleasant Prairie WI rather than just the gasses produced by decomposition in a system so the process is not hampered. Anaerobic bacteria thrives without atmospheric oxygen and is less inefficient and less desirable.
Septic Tank – The most well-known of septic system parts, the septic tank is made from cement, steel, fiberglass, or plastic; it is a large holder for incoming wastewater that must be digested and Pleasant Prairie WI separated. A sludge layer of solids remains at the bottom while water rises to the top and enters the settling chamber where water flow is reduced so that solids can be screened out. Water then enters the treatment chamber, where it is bio-chemically treated and becomes effluent water entering the distribution box.
By understanding such common terms, a homeowner can be more educated about how Pleasant Prairie WI a septic system works, becoming better able to discuss their system and understand what is being said. Usage of correct terminology can make the difference between an owner knowing what is wrong and how to fix it or becoming lost trying to follow a conversation with misunderstood technical terms. Know the jargon – and know your septic system!
Many rural homes are connected to septic systems and tile fields, and rely on them to effectively dispose of sanitary effluent generated by household activities. There have been many articles written about planning the installation of the system, suitable ground conditions for their function, how to maintain the septic system, and how to repair or replace failing systems.
Finding an existing septic system is critical to any of Septic Service Pleasant Prairie WI the above tasks, however. You need to keep heavy traffic off the tile field to prevent crushing buried pipes, and need to locate the septic tank access to properly inspect and service the system. Unfortunately, you may not have gotten the tank and tile field locations from the seller when you purchased the home, or you may simply have forgotten their locations over the years; in either Pleasant Prairie WI case a little detective work may help resolve the matter.
There is a very good possibility that the local building department or county health department inspected the system when it was installed to verify that the size and soils were appropriate relative to the number of bedrooms and bathrooms in the house; they may have a record of the location of the tile field and septic tank. A Septic Cleaning Pleasant Prairie WI few phone calls or office visits may save a lot of time and effort in locating the system. If their records are inaccurate (or non-existent), consider talking to neighbors who have lived in the area for many years to see if they can shed any light on the matter. You may be surprised – some homes are connected to community septic systems; you may have no on-site Pleasant Prairie WI septic system to be concerned with!
If you’re still unable to locate the septic system, don’t pick up a shovel and start digging random test holes yet. First, inspect your house and yard. Is there an interior or exterior cleanout near the outside wall of your house? Is there a level open area near the house, one where no bushes or trees are planted? The cleanout location suggests Pleasant Prairie WI the septic tanks are nearby, and a level, open area suggests it may be time to grab a shovel. Hold off just a little longer though.
There is a book written by Erma Bombeck entitled “The Grass Is Always Greener Over the Septic Tank”, a humorous look at rural life in America. It can be true; you may find that the grass is greener over the septic field Pleasant Prairie WI (not the tank) — especially in the hot, dry months of the summer. If you’re looking for your septic system in the spring or fall when rainfall is more plentiful and the grass is green everywhere, make a probe with a metal rod and a handle at right angles to it. Grind the end of the rod to a point, and use your new tool to probe Pleasant Prairie WI for the septic tank & field. The probe won’t penetrate well in the summer when the ground is baked hard, but in the spring or fall you may be able to find the hard top of the septic tank and pipe or gravel bed at the corners of the tile field quickly by probing.
Finally, grab a shovel – it’s time to dig. You’ll need to find the Pleasant Prairie WI access port for the septic tank so it can be cleaned out, and you’ll need to locate the corners of the tile field to ensure traffic stays off it when you have that wedding reception in the back yard. Note that some houses have two septic tanks in series, and a very few houses have two tile fields. Once located, measure the positions of the septic tank(s) Pleasant Prairie WI and tile field(s) relative to the house or nearby trees – then file it away for future use. Grab a glass of your favorite beverage, and slide into a hammock or lounge chair to relax, you’ve earned it!
The toilet in your mobile RV is not particularly hard to keep running-but it is one of the most essential parts of your RV that should undergo regular maintenance. Most RV toilets work just like regular toilets in a home, except the sewage tank for the toilet is held in the RV instead of in an outside sewage tank taken care of by Septic Tank Pump Out Pleasant Prairie WI a city or town. In other words: you are responsible for the sewage you create.
Regular maintenance of your RV toilet will keep it running smoothly, prevent a build-up of odors, prevent blockages, and prevent overflowing- and more. Regular maintenance for your RV toilet consists of a few easy-but vital-steps.
Sewage odors are among the most common problems Pleasant Prairie WI with RV toilets, due to the simple fact that the sewage tank is located in the RV itself. To help prevent a smelly odor problem, you will need to buy an RV-specific toilet chemical. Do NOT purchase chemicals designed for regular toilets, as these are often far too harsh and can actually wear down your plumbing!
RV-specific toilet chemicals are primarily intended for odor Septic Tank Cleaning Near Me Pleasant Prairie WI control. Some brands are also used to help dissolve toilet paper and toilet waste, which can make it easier (and less disgusting) to empty your sewage tank. The most popular brands are Enviro-Chem and Aqua-Kem. Odor-control can come in powder, liquid or packet format.
Home toilets (and regular sewage tanks) can usually take more of a beating than an Pleasant Prairie WI RV toilet. You should avoid putting anything that can not be dissolved or broken down by your RV toilet chemicals into your toilet. This includes napkins, paper towels, q tips, wipes, pads and other feminine products, and so on. Even one of these items can create a potential blockage that might leave you dealing with a back-up of sewage or a blocked toilet.
You Pleasant Prairie WI can prevent problems like overflow and blockage even further by purchasing toilet tissue that is specifically designed for RV toilets. This tissue will dissolve much easier and faster than regular toilet paper, and will help you out in the long run.
Emptying your sewage tank on a regular basis is essential for reducing odors and preventing potential back-up problems. Pleasant Prairie WI You might be tempted to empty out the tank as often as possible–but don’t. You should only empty your tank once it is at least 3/4 full, for two reasons: a) a fuller tank will actually move faster through your sewage hoses and b) it gives your RV-toilet chemicals more time to break down your waste and toilet paper. But you will need Pleasant Prairie WI to be careful not to avoid emptying your tank for too long, since this can cause an even stronger odor problem.
A home inspection is an evaluation of the visible and accessible systems and components of a home (plumbing, heating and cooling, electrical, structure, roof, etc.) and is intended to give the client (buyer, seller, or homeowner) a better understanding of the home’s general condition. Most often it is a buyer who requests an inspection of the home he or she is serious about purchasing. A home inspection delivers data so that decisions about the Septic Tank Care Pleasant Prairie WI purchase can be confirmed or questioned, and can uncover serious and/or expensive to repair defects that the seller/owner may not be aware of. It is not an appraisal of the property’s value; nor does it address the cost of repairs. It does not guarantee that the home complies with local building codes or protect a client in the event an item inspected fails in the future. [Note: Warranties can be purchased to cover many Pleasant Prairie WI items.] A home inspection should not be considered a “technically exhaustive” evaluation, but rather an evaluation of the property on the day it is inspected, taking into consideration normal wear and tear for the home’s age and location. A home inspection can also include, for extra fees, Radon gas testing, water testing, energy audits, pest inspections, pool inspections, and several other specific items that may be indigenous to the region of the country where Sewage Tank Pleasant Prairie WI the inspection takes place. Home inspections are also used (less often) by a seller before listing the property to see if there are any hidden problems that they are unaware of, and also by homeowners simply wishing to care for their homes, prevent surprises, and keep the home investment value as high as possible.
1. Major defects, such as large differential cracks in the Pleasant Prairie WI foundation; structure out of level or plumb; decks not installed or supported properly, etc. These are items that are expensive to fix, which we classify as items requiring more than 2% of the purchase price to repair.
2. Things that could lead to major defects – a roof flashing leak that could get bigger, damaged downspouts that could cause backup and water intrusion, or a support beam that was not tied in to the structure Pleasant Prairie WI properly.
3. Safety hazards, such as an exposed electrical wiring, lack of GFCI (Ground Fault Circuit Interrupters) in kitchens and bathrooms, lack of safety railing on decks more than 30 inches off the ground, etc.
Your inspector will advise you about what to do about these problems. He/she may recommend evaluation – and on serious issues most certainly will – by licensed or certified professionals who are specialists in the defect areas. For example, your inspector Pleasant Prairie WI will recommend you call a licensed building engineer if they find sections of the home that are out of alignment, as this could indicate a serious structural deficiency.
This is not true! As you will see when you read on, a home inspection can be used for interim inspections in new construction, as a maintenance tool by a current homeowner, a proactive Pleasant Prairie WI technique by sellers to make their home more sellable, and by buyers wanting to determine the condition of the potential home.
Sellers, in particular, can benefit from getting a home inspection before listing the home. Here are just a few of the advantages for the seller:
Ã‚Â· The seller knows the home! The home inspector will be able to get answers to his/her questions on the history of any problems they find.
Ã‚Â· A home inspection will Pleasant Prairie WI help the seller be more objective when it comes to setting a fair price on the home.
Ã‚Â· The seller will be alerted to any safety issues found in the home before they open it up for open house tours.
Your new home has dozens of systems and over 10,000 parts – from heating and cooling to ventilation and appliances. When these systems and appliances work together, you experience comfort, energy savings, and durability. Weak links in the system, however, can produce assorted problems leading to a loss in value and shortened component life. Would you buy a used car without a qualified mechanic looking at it? Your home is far Pleasant Prairie WI more complicated, and to have a thorough inspection that is documented in a report arms you with substantial information on which to make decisions.
Most homebuyers lack the knowledge, skill, and objectivity needed to inspect a home themselves. By using the services of a professional home inspector, they gain a better understanding of the condition of the property; especially whether any items do not “function as intended” or “adversely Pleasant Prairie WI affect the habitability of the dwelling” or “warrant further investigation” by a specialist. Remember that the home inspector is a generalist and is broadly trained in every home system.
Although your nephew or aunt may be very skilled, he or she is not trained or experienced in professional home inspections and usually lacks the specialized test Pleasant Prairie WI equipment and knowledge required for an inspection. Home inspection training and expertise represent a distinct, licensed profession that employs rigorous standards of practice. Most contractors and other trade professionals hire a professional home inspector to inspect their own homes when they themselves purchase a home!
This is often the first question asked but the answer tells the least about the quality of the inspection. Fees are based according to size, Pleasant Prairie WI age and various other aspects of the home. Inspection fees from a certified professional home inspector generally start under $300. An average price for a 2,000 square foot home nationally is about $350-$375. What you should pay attention to is not the fee, but the qualifications of your inspector. Are they nationally certified (passed the NHIE exam)? Are they state certified if required?
This depends upon the size and condition Pleasant Prairie WI of the home. You can usually figure 1.2 hours for every 1,000 square feet. For example, a 2,500 square foot house would take about 3 hours. If the company also produces the report at your home, that will take an additional 30-50 minutes.
Yes and No. Although not required by law in most states, we feel that any buyer not getting a home inspection is doing themselves a great Pleasant Prairie WI disservice. They may find themselves with costly and unpleasant surprises after moving into the home and suffer financial headaches that could easily have been avoided.
It’s a great idea for you be present during the inspection – whether you are buyer, seller, or homeowner. With you there, the inspector can show you any defects and explain their importance as well as point out maintenance features that will be helpful Pleasant Prairie WI in the future. If you can’t be there, it is not a problem since the report you receive will be very detailed. If you are not present, then you should be sure to ask your inspector to explain anything that is not clear in the report. Also read the inspection agreement carefully so you understand what is covered and what is not covered in the inspection. If there is a problem with the inspection Pleasant Prairie WI or the report, you should raise the issues quickly by calling the inspector, usually within 24 hours. If you want the inspector to return after the inspection to show you things, this can be arranged and is a good idea, however, you will be paying for the inspector’s time on a walkthrough since this was not included in the original service.
The Pleasant Prairie WI seller will be welcome at the inspection (it is still their home) although they should understand that the inspector is working for the buyer. The conversation that the inspector has with the buyer may be upsetting to the seller if the seller was unaware of the items being pointed out, or the seller may be overly emotional about any flaws. This is a reason why the seller might want to consider getting their own Pleasant Prairie WI inspection before listing the home.
No. A home inspection is an examination of the current condition of your prospective home. It is not an appraisal, which determines market value, or a municipal inspection, which verifies local code compliance. A home inspector, therefore, cannot not pass or fail a house. The inspector will objectively describe the home’s physical condition and indicate which items are in need of repair or replacement.
The following list is not exhaustive. Not all of these may be in the inspection you get, but the inspector will be following a standardized checklist for the home:
We recommend getting a Radon Test if your prospective home falls into an area of the country with known Radon seepage, since Radon gas produces cancer second only to cigarette smoking Pleasant Prairie WI and can be easily mitigated by installing a vent system. We also recommend a water test to make sure you do not have bacteria in the water supply. Water can also be tested for Radon.
Most people assume that everything is inspected in depth on inspection day. This misunderstanding has caused many a homebuyer to be upset with their inspector. The inspections we do are not exhaustive and there Pleasant Prairie WI is a good reason for this. If you hired someone with licenses for heating and cooling, electrical, plumbing, engineering, etc. to inspect your house, it would take about 14 hours and cost you about $2000! It is much more practical to hire a professional inspector who has generalist knowledge of home systems, knows what to look for, and can recommend further inspection by a specialist if needed. Your inspector is also following very specific Pleasant Prairie WI guidelines as he/she inspects your home. These are either national guidelines (ASHI – American Society of Home Inspectors, InterNACHI – International Association of Certified Home Inspectors) or state guidelines. These guidelines are carefully written to protect both your home and the inspector. Here are some examples: We are directed to not turn systems on if they were off at the time of the inspection (safety reasons); we are not allowed to move furniture (might Pleasant Prairie WI harm something); not allowed to turn on water if it is off (possible flooding), and not allowed to break through a sealed attic hatch (possible damage). The downside of this practice is that by not operating a control, by not seeing under the furniture, and not getting into the attic or crawlspace, we will might miss identifying a problem. However, put into perspective, the chances of missing something serious because of this is quite Pleasant Prairie WI low, and the guideline as it relates to safety and not harming anything in the home is a good one. There are other items that 95% of inspectors consider outside a normal inspection, and these include inspecting most things that are not bolted down (installed in the home) such as electronics, low voltage lighting, space heaters, portable air conditioners, or specialized systems such as water purifiers, alarm systems, etc.
It just so happens that some days the weather elements interfere with a full home inspection! There isn’t much we can do about this either. If there is snow on the roof we will tell you we were unable to inspect it. Of course we will be looking at the eves and the attic, and any other areas where we can get an idea of condition, but we Pleasant Prairie WI will write in the report that we could not inspect the roof. It is impractical for us to return another day once the snow melts, because we have full schedules. However, you can usually pay an inspector a small fee to return and inspect the one or two items they were unable to inspect when they were there the first time. This is just the way things go. If you ask the inspector for Pleasant Prairie WI a re-inspection, they will usually inspect the items then at no extra charge (beyond the re-inspection fee).
The inspector will walk on the roof if it is safe, accessible, and strong enough so that there is no damage done to it by walking on it. Some roofs – such as slate and tile, should not be walked on. Sometimes because of poor weather conditions, extremely steep roofs, or very Pleasant Prairie WI high roofs, the inspector will not be able to walk the roof. The inspector will try to get up to the edge though, and will also use binoculars where accessibility is a problem. They will also examine the roof from the upper windows if that is possible. There is a lot the inspector can determine from a visual examination from a ladder and from the ground, and they will be able to tell a Pleasant Prairie WI lot more from inside the attic about the condition of the roof as well.
In many areas of the country, the answer is a definite yes. You can ask your real estate agent about this or go on to the internet for a radon map of the country. Radon is a colorless, odorless, tasteless radioactive gas that’s formed during the natural breakdown of uranium Pleasant Prairie WI in soil, rock, and water. Radon exits the ground and can seep into your home through cracks and holes in the foundation. Radon gas can also contaminate well water.
Health officials have determined that radon gas is a serious carcinogen that can cause lung cancer, second only to cigarette smoking. The only way to find out if your house contains radon gas is to perform a radon measurement test, which your home inspector can do. Pleasant Prairie WI Make sure the person conducting your test has been trained to The National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) or The National Radon Safety Board (NRSB) standards.
Yes! In fact, we find far more problems, some quite serious, in newly constructed homes than in homes that have been lived in for years. This is not due to your builder’s negligence – he/she has done the best Pleasant Prairie WI job they could with subcontractors and planning – it’s just that there are so many systems in a home, that it is close to impossible to inspect everything, and correct it before the Certificate of Occupancy is issued. Then, for some reason, the subcontractors no longer want to work on the home, and final jobs and details are missed. We recommend getting several professional home inspections near the completion stages of the home to Pleasant Prairie WI discover everything that should be corrected. If the house is still new but sitting for a while before sale, it’s even more important to get a home inspection. We have seen water lines not hooked up, plumbing lines not hooked up, sewer lines not hooked up, vents not hooked up, and a variety of other serious but easily correctable problems!
I am having a home built. The builder assures me he will inspect everything. Should Pleasant Prairie WI I have an independent inspector make periodic inspections?
Absolutely yes! No matter how good your builder is, he/she WILL miss things. They are so concerned with the house, they get so close to their work, as do the subcontractors, that important items can, and will be, overlooked. Have a professional inspector make at least 4-6 interim inspections. They will be worth their weight in gold.
Most service professionals have a service agreement, Pleasant Prairie WI and home inspection is no different. In fact, there is enough confusion about what a home inspection should deliver that the agreement is even more important. Some homeowners who get a home inspection expect everything in the home to be perfect after the repairs. This is not the case! Imagine getting a call from a homeowner a year later who says the toilet is not flushing – remember that the inspection is a moment Pleasant Prairie WI in time snapshot. In the inspection agreement the inspector is clear about what the inspection delivers and the things that are not covered, as well as what you should do if you are not pleased with the services. We really think that by reviewing this before-hand you will understand much more about the inspection and be happier with the results. A home inspection does not guard against future problems, nor does it guarantee that Pleasant Prairie WI all problems will be found.
There are as many versions of a “report” as there are inspection companies. Guidelines dictate that the inspector deliver a written report to the client. This can range from a handwritten checklist that has multiple press copies without pictures and 4 pages long to a computer generated professionally produced report with digital pictures that is 35 pages long and can be Pleasant Prairie WI converted to Adobe PDF for storage and emailing. Be sure to check with your inspector about the report he or she uses. We recommend the computer generated report, since the checklist is more detailed and easier for the homeowner/buyer/seller to detail out the issues with photographs. In this modern age, we feel the reports must be web accessible and e-mailable to match the technologies most of us are using.
There are some great things you Pleasant Prairie WI can use the report for in addition to the wealth of information it simply gives you on your new home:
Ã‚Â· Use the report as a checklist and guide for the contractor to make repairs and improvements or get estimates and quotes from more than one contractor.
Ã‚Â· Use the report as a budgeting tool using the inspector’s recommendations and the remaining expected life of components to keep the property in top shape.
Ã‚Â· If you are Pleasant Prairie WI a seller, use the report to make repairs and improvements, raising the value of the home and impressing the buyers. Then have a re-inspection and use this second report as a marketing tool for prospective buyers.
Yes. As discussed in the last question, you will probably want Pleasant Prairie WI your inspector to be using the latest reporting technology.
Inspectors are human, and yes, they do miss items. However, they routinely use advanced tools and techniques to reduce the possibility that they will miss something. This includes very detailed checklists, reference manuals, computer based lists, and a methodical always-done-the-same-way of physically moving around your home. That is one of the reasons that an inspector can miss an item Pleasant Prairie WI when they get interrupted. The inspector will have a set way of resuming the inspection if this happens. If, in the end, something IS missed, call the inspector and discuss it. It may warrant the inspector returning to view something that you found. Remember, the inspector is doing the very best job they know how to do, and probably did not miss the item because they were lax in their technique or did not Pleasant Prairie WI care.
What if the inspector tells me I should have a professional engineer or a licensed plumber or other professional contractor in to look at something they found? Isn’t this “passing the buck”?
You may be disappointed that further investigation is required, but, believe us, your inspector is doing exactly what they should be doing. The purpose of the inspection is to discover defects that affect your safety and the functioning of the home; the inspector Pleasant Prairie WI is a generalist, not a specialist. Our code of ethics as well as national and state guidelines dictate that only contractors that are licensed in their specialty field should work on these systems and areas. When they tell you that a specialist is needed, there may be a bigger, more critical issue that you need to know about. If you move into the home without getting these areas checked by a qualified specialist, you Pleasant Prairie WI could be in for some nasty and expensive surprises. The inspector does not want to cause you any more expense or worry either, so when they do recommend further evaluation they are being serious about protecting you and your investment.
Most inspectors do not give the homeowner a warranty on inspected items. Remember, a home inspection is a visual examination on a certain day, and the Pleasant Prairie WI inspector cannot predict what issues could arise over time after the inspection. However, some inspectors are now including a warranty from the largest home warranty company in America – American Home Warranty Corporation, as well as others, on the inspected items for 60 or 90 days. This is a very good deal, and the agreement can be extended after the initial period for a relatively small amount of money.
Most inspection companies do not offer a satisfaction guarantee nor do they mention it in their advertising. It’s always a good thing if you can get extra services for no additional cost from your inspection company, and of course a satisfaction guarantee is an indication of superior customer service. You usually have to call your inspection company right after the inspection and viewing of the report to tell them you are not satisfied. Pleasant Prairie WI If you are not happy with the services, you should talk to your inspector first and let him/her correct the issue(s) you are unhappy with first, as the inspector is trying to make an honest living just like the rest of us, and is not failing you on purpose.
What if my report comes back with nothing really defective in the home? Should I ask for my money back?
No, don’t ask for your money back Pleasant Prairie WI – you just received great news! Now you can complete your home purchase with peace of mind about the condition of the property and all its equipment and systems. You will have valuable information about your new home from the inspector’s report, and will want to keep that information for future reference. Most importantly, you can feel assured that you are making a well-informed purchase decision.
If the inspection Pleasant Prairie WI reveals serious defects in the home (we define a serious defect as something that will cost more than 2% of the purchase price to fix) then pat yourself on the back for getting an inspection. You just saved yourself a ton of money. Of course it is disappointing, even heart wrenching, to find out that your well researched house is now a problem house, but you now know the facts and can either negotiate Pleasant Prairie WI with the seller, or move on. You may want the home so much that it will be worth it to negotiate the price and then perform the repairs. Imagine, though, if you had not gotten the inspection – you would have had some very unpleasant surprises.
You can, but if your inspector is ethical, he/she will refuse, and correctly so; it is a conflict of interest Pleasant Prairie WI for the person who inspected your home to also repair it! Inspectors are specifically barred from this practice by licensing authorities, and it’s a good practice – an inspector must remain completely impartial when he or she inspects your home. This is one reason you should have a professional home inspector inspect your home and not a contractor – the contractor will want the repair work and you are likely to not have an Pleasant Prairie WI objective inspection from this person even though they mean well and are technically competent.
The inspection report results do not place an obligation on the seller to repair everything mentioned in the report. Once the home condition is known, the buyer and the seller should sit down and discuss what is in the report. The report will be clear about what is a repair and what is a Pleasant Prairie WI discretionary improvement. This area should be clearly negotiated between the parties. It’s important to know that the inspector must stay out of this discussion because it is outside of their scope of work.
After the home inspection and consulting with the seller on the repairs, can I re-employ the inspector to come re-inspect the home to make sure everything got fixed?
You certainly can, and it’s a really good idea. For a small fee the inspector Pleasant Prairie WI will return to determine if the repairs were completed, and if they were completed correctly.
A home inspection is not a guarantee that problems won’t develop after you move in. However, if you believe that a problem was visible at the time of the inspection and should have been mentioned in the report, your first step should be to call the inspector. He Pleasant Prairie WI or she will be fine with this, and does want you to call if you think there is a problem. If the issue is not resolved with a phone call, they will come to your home to look at it. They will want you to be satisfied and will do everything they can to do this. One way to protect yourself between the inspection and the move-in is to conduct a final walkthrough on Pleasant Prairie WI closing day and use both the inspection report AND a Walkthrough Checklist to make sure everything is as it should be.
There are many homes across the United States that have septic tanks and they do not use the public waste disposal system. A septic tank is a private onsite system that collects the waste from your home including the sink, toilets and showers. The waste is accumulated in the septic tank which holds the solids back while the effluent is released into the soil on the property. If the system Septic Pumping Pleasant Prairie WI is properly designed it should easily give you complaint free service for 25 years. The system consists of a septic tank and drain fields which are hidden and expensive. Thus they need proper examining. Here is a list of do’s and don’ts
There is no reason why a house with a septic tank should ring alarm bells. The system if properly designed can be extremely efficient, so don’t let the presence Pleasant Prairie WI of a septic tank on the property dissuade you from purchasing the home.
However it is important to follow a set chronology of steps to ensure that the septic system is checked properly to avoid trouble and expensive repair work in the future. These steps include:
As a home buyer it is imperative that you ask the seller certain questions about the septic tank. These should include the age of Septic Companies Near Me Pleasant Prairie WI the property, was the property vacant or occupied, if it was occupied the occupants may be aware of potential problems. And if it was vacant for how long was it vacant, also you will have to ask the seller for how long he/she has owned the property.
Apart from these you will also need to get specific information about the septic system for instance ask about the location of the septic Pleasant Prairie WI system. If the owner doesn’t know where it is even after occupying the property for years it simply means that the tank has never been pumped which may be bad for the leach field. On the other hand if it has an easily accessed open cover it may mean that the tank is being pumped too often which may be a sign of trouble.
You will also have to ask questions Pleasant Prairie WI about the size of the tank, whether it is made of steel or concrete and if there are separate drywells and seepage pits. Also inquire about the service and/or repair history of the system. You should also ask about the last the time the tank was pumped.
You don’t have to believe everything that the seller tells you; visually inspect the site for trouble. For instance smelly areas, wet Pleasant Prairie WI areas, rocky areas and recent excavations may all be tell tale signs of trouble. Look for sewage overflow conditions by walking through the entire area.
These two steps are vital if you are purchasing a home with a septic tank and not performing them could mean costly repair and maintenance work in the future.
This section is devoted to showing you some of the plethora of brands, logos, corporate identities and organizational uses of the word 'elephant' or graphic design of an elephantine nature.
The Section, Township and Range denotes the physical location of the property based on the 1 square mile Sections within the Range and Township. Properties within land grants are coded as Section 00.
Our price was correct, it was for a Deluxe site, pull through. The deluxe site had a Weber propane grill, table with four chairs and a separate two seat rocker/glider on concrete pad with a fire ring.
The Comprehensive Procurement Guideline (CPG) program is part of EPA's Sustainable Materials Management initiative that promotes a system approach to reducing materials use and the associated environmental impacts over the materials’ entire life cycle.
Mr. Rooter doesn’t appear to currently service your area, but please give us a call to see how we can help you! 855.982.2028. If you are interested in opening your own Mr. Rooter,
Cash & Check Our Pleasant Prairie Septic Repair Service experts accept all forms of cash and checks payments.
these photos are lovely in their simplicity... she really is very beautiful. and i LOVE that ring. X
her outfit is perfect, i'm in need of some amazing trousers like those, & that ring, i must must have it, maybe i can convince someone to buy it for my 21st. yes.
I am totally down for finding sexy ladyfriends to accompany us on those humid paris nights..set the date! we can start right here in nyc-where everyones an immigrant!
I love this style for fall. By Malene Birger just debuted an awesome collection at Copenhagen fashion week filled with oversized tops and gorgeous trousers, I think you might like the looks, they definitely relate to this one.
10.17 archives July (1) June (3) May (1) April (3) March (2) February (1) January (4) December (4) November (4) October (6) September (2) August (7) July (2) June (6) May (7) April (8) March (9) February (7) January (6) December (6) November (5) October (6) September (6) August (6) July (5) June (6) May (6) April (7) March (8) February (5) January (5) December (6) November (4) October (3) September (2) August (4) July (4) June (4) May (4) April (6) March (7) February (3) January (7) December (10) November (6) October (7) September (10) August (16) July (14) June (11) May (10) April (13) March (15) February (15) January (17) December (16) November (18) October (18) September (13) August (14) July (9) June (7) May (9) April (11) March (7) February (10) January (10) December (10) November (6) October (4) September (11) August (6) July (11) June (4)
Children will achieve intelectual. Physical and social development in a progressive manner step by step.
the question: In the past two years, has there been enough change? Twitter, but we thought change told a real story about how our users defined 2010. Only time will tell if the latest wave of change Americans voted for in the midterm elections will result in a negative or positive outcome. Meanwhile, many Americans continue to face change in their homes, bank accounts and jobs. Unlike in 2008, change was no longer a campaign slogan. Here&apos;s an excerpt from our. ...
Change, it wasn&apos;t trendy, funny, nor was it coined. A list of every Word of the Year selection released. M&apos;s first Word of the Year was chosen in 2010. Escorts Goteborg Eskort Staffsvallen Sex Svenska Kvinnor Escort Tjejer.
Please consider whitelisting TAW.net in your adblocker. By allowing ads you are automatically contributing to the community fund that supports the website, TeamSpeak, and other operating costs. Also consider making a donation to the TAW Community Fund, or purchasing items from the TAW Shop. Thank you for your support!
Sorry for doing this, but I want to take a moment to wish all my fellow canucks a Happy Canada Day. Hope everyone's having a great time and staying safe.
We are gradually moving the dblp web pages to HTTPS, and you are still viewing this page via HTTP. Please click here to switch to HTTPS.
Distributed block formation and layout for disk-based management of large-scale graphs. Distributed and Parallel Databases 35(1): 23-53 (2017)
Pipelined fission for stream programs with dynamic selectivity and partitioned state. J. Parallel Distrib. Comput. 96: 106-120 (2016)
CAPSULE: language and system support for efficient state sharing in distributed stream processing systems. DEBS 2012: 268-277
Quality-aware dstributed data delivery for continuous query services. SIGMOD Conference 2006: 419-430
This content was extracted from Wikipedia and is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License
Indeed, as the dongle limits the number of simultaneous connections, This site is hosted by lixium. Powered by Odoo, the #1 Open Source eCommerce
My embellishments are May Arts 3/8" Reversible Pink/Lt Pink Ribbon, a Basic Grey Button and Silver Rhinestones.
Accessories ~ copics, silver rhinestones, may arts ribbon and twine, basic grey button, nesties, dimensionals
**Post a comment with a link to your card on Mandy's blog by Sunday, Dec 27 at midnight (or before winner is drawn Monday a.m.).
I'm happy to play 'secret elf' if you need to send your DH or anyone my way w/ your {ippity} wish list!
**Post a comment with a link to your card on Mandy's blog by Sunday, Dec 13 at midnight (or before winner is drawn Monday a.m.).
Now, let me show you the back of this card so you can see how I maintained the complete circle shape on the front:
Be sure you check out the {ippity} blog at 11 AM Monday so you can see the complete listing of all hop participants!
It's the 6th of the month so that means us Limelight Papercrafts Chickies have a project to share with you!
I used more of the Wine Rhinestones and then some Split Pea Rhinestones (a great match for Old Olive) to embellish around the titles.
I am a Christian, a S(tamp)AH wife, and a cat mom. I love to stamp and am now selling {ippity} stamps!!
Henry L. Koch, one of Pekin’s successful business men, was born in Germany, November 29, 1845, his education being acquired in the public schools. When he was about three years old his parents emigrated to the United States and located at Sheboygan, Wis. After a residence there of eight years, Mr. Koch removed in 1857 to Peoria, remaining there two years and then, in the spring of 1859, came to Pekin and here entered the drug business. In this he continued for ten months. During the progress of the Civil War he took up arms in defense of the Union, volunteering in the 139th Illinois Infantry for one hundred days, being mustered in June 1, 1864, but continued in the service until honorably discharged in the fall of 1865. Returning to Pekin Mr. Koch engaged in the trade of carriage-trimming and upholstering, in which he continued alone until 1880, when he entered into partnership with Mr. Albertson, and they added wall paper, paint and furniture to their business. They have been most successful in their efforts and today have the most completely stocked establishment of its kind in this section of the State.
Mr. Koch is affiliated with the German Methodist Episcopal Church, is a Republican in his politics, and is a member of the Grand Army of the Republic and the German Workingmen’s Society. On March 14, 1871, he was married at Bloomington, Ill., to Miss Katherine Eckhardt, who was born June 9, 1849. They have six surviving children: Rhulph W., Lewis H., Wesley A., Celia E., Clara and George B. The parents of Mr. Koch were John and Mary E. (Schoenfeld) Koch, both natives of Germany, where the former was born February 2, 1817, and the latter in June. 1816. His paternal grandfather was Henry Koch, also a native of Germany.
The registered office is located 6 rue de la On connection to beweetch.fr site based on the free or Indeed contacts between Users can only occur in
Transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily, member 3. Activated by muscarinic receptor activation. An alternative ion permeation pathway in TRPM3 allows large inward currents upon hyperpolarization, independently of the central pore. Four residues in S4 (W982, R985, D988 and G991) are crucial determinants of the properties of the alternative ion permeation pathway (Held et al. 2018). ().
[1] “Molecular and functional characterization of the melastatin-related cation channel TRPM3.” Grimm C.et.al. 12672799
[3] “Towards a catalog of human genes and proteins: sequencing and analysis of 500 novel complete protein coding human cDNAs.” Wiemann S.et.al. 11230166
[5] “Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XVIII. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.” Nagase T.et.al. 10997877
Magic: The Gathering, Wizards of the Coast, and their logos are property of Wizards of the Coast. This is not an official Wizards of the Coast publication.
Girls of the Wild's 197 released! You are now reading Girls of the Wild's 197 online. If you are bored from Girls of the Wild's manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like Girls of the Wild's 197 from our huge manga list.
Girls of the Wild's 197 released in Manga Panda fastest, recommend your friends to read Girls of the Wild's 197 now!
It's great if you read and follow any manga on our website. We promise you that we'll bring you the latest, hottest manga everyday and FREE.
Copyrights and trademarks for the manga, and other promotional materials are held by their respective owners and their use is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law. © 2018 MangaPanda.Pro.
Free and daily updated pictures of latina sex and porn latina ass and pussy galleries. Latina women are feisty beauties and men worldwide are falling in love with their sultry, sexy good looks see how to date these stunning hispanic women. Latina pictures archive of women in years free mature porn galleries sorted by categories latina, latin, mexican, ebony, asian and other galleries 100% free.
12 ways dating a spanish girl will change you photo: eddy van 3000 she loves the accent of the argentinian guys just as much or more as you love the french. When you date a latina, even if the girl you're dating doesn't speak the language that well or that often, chances are her abuelita or tio neco does,. Meet & fuck live sex porn games category: amazing latina girl with pierced nipples went to the perfect girls has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal. Free to join & browse - 1000's of latino women - interracial dating for men & women - black, white, latino, asian, everyone.
Latina dating is a chance to meet latin women seeking men for marriage or a serious relationship large database of beautiful latina women to find love. Find dominican women & colombian girls for latin mail order brides latinromantic offers beautiful latina girls profiles for albums of single women that are. Dating a hispanic girl means venturing off into dangerous territory even if you try to prepare yourself, you will always get caught off-guard by all the family members and differences in. Welcome here, the right place for 1000's of picture sets with these hot latina nude chicks 1 hqseekcom latina babes eastbabescom nude black girls photos. Mature latina pictures archive of women in years free mature porn galleries sorted by categories mature latina, latina, mature, mature eu and other galleries 100% free.
Latinopeoplemeetcom is the online dating community dedicated to singles that identify themselves as latino, hispanic, chicano, spanish and more. Hispanic dating site to meet mexican singles online 2,604 likes 47 talking about this is a free dating site for mexican. Download hispanic women stock photos affordable and search from millions of royalty free images, photos and vectors.
Categorized and searchable archive of latina, latin, mexican, ebony, asian erotic and sex pictures xl girls big chested latina bends over to show her slit. Latina dating service is the oldest and number one introduction, dating and matrimonial agency in costa rica these single girls are serious about meeting you to start an amazing. Latin sexual dating is the 100 percent completely free latin sex dating site for sexy latinas join to browse adult personals of singles, sexy latina girls, men, bi men and girls to meet. When dating colombian women, lovely as they are, in the middle of dating mysterious latina women, are you in danger of committing to a latin dating january.
“latina women & latino men interracial dating” we specialize in bringing together singles of different races who want to date latina women or latino men. International introductions latin romance tour allows you to meet beautiful colombian women enjoy the passion and devotion of an exotic latin wife. Meet colombian brides for marriage single colombian girls and women are looking for serious relationships with men from other countries latin women online,. 68,782 latina women free videos found on xvideos for this search.
Find latina women for dates, love, marriage and social network – join us to find gorgeous women & girls from latin america chat mail likes and more.
Many attractive latina singles have already signed up for matchcom so they can start dating, have a lasting relationship, matchcom - single latina women.
Agedmamascom is a free mature tgp featuring a lot of latina, latin, mexican, ebony, asian mature porn galleries. Latino black dating online is where it's at if you are looking for muy caliente dating with both blacks and latinos online don't wait sign up now, black latino dating. Some of the most beautiful women in the world are latinos and we have pictures submitted each day from our community of sexy chivers.
I am facing the monumental predicament of not knowing what to blog about. But the problem with me is that I'm such a sucker for conversations. Whether it's with someone I am completely comfortable with or just plain conversing with my blog readers, I can go on and on about the most mundane things.
I'm more than a little irked with my camera lately. It's been taking pretty grainy photos. And I look sickly in all of them. Of course I shouldn't be blaming my camera if I don't take great photos. But still. It's close to that time of the month when I'm a little hormonal and I always end up blaming something or someone for even the most trifling problems. T__T.
Since I haven't been feeling, not to mention looking, spectacular lately, I wanted to don something purdy. I thought it's about time I wear this peachy cardigan with its rose and floral details. It has been sitting in my closet for quite some time now.
Since most of my photos are a bit grainy, I decided to emphasize the grain by adding a bit of noise. It turned out quite well, methinks. :)
I'm forced to listen to my brother's friends' videoke-ing(yes I'm inventing this word) as I write this. And seriously, nobody can think with all the noise so I might as well end this completely useless post. haha.
PS: From neck to feet, everything is thrifted (except for the accessories). Yes, I'm the queen of thrift now. Kill me.
Based in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear we offer a full range of auto electrical services to the trade and public. From simple wiring repairs to advanced module reprogramming.
Downldoad free driver updates for Ricoh SD/MMC Host Controller also known as : Ricoh MMC Host Controller for Windows 7 64 bit. Ricoh SD/MMC Host Controller overview Windows 7 x64, , by Ricoh Company and is used by users of Software Informer. I am able to install this, and get an updated driver off windows update. . nothing , but a search in Google shows it as a "Ricoh SD Host Controller". . 5-in-1 Card Reader" support and compatibility with MMC/SD/XD cards.
Team 7 International is a leading architectural firm of experienced professionals, utilizing a team approach to produce distinctive design solutions within viable economic parameters for every project.
With a long track record of award-winning and innovative architecture, we are dedicated to quality through intimate involvement, attention to budgets and schedules, and creative solutions
We provide services for a wide range of clientele, that include feasibility studies, master planning, site planning, architectural design, project management, construction administration, programming, space planning, interior design, building evaluation and tenant development
Aayirathil Oruvan (2010 film) .. also singing parts of two songs which appear in the soundtrack.. .. were kept under wraps prior to the movie's release.
Magnificent h2o park with each flume and tunnel slides, vortex whirlpool, diving properly and boards, along with a zero depth h2o Participate in area for that little kinds!
The Mini-Time Equipment Museum of Miniatures is point out-of-the-artwork Exhibit of entertaining and interactive array of antique and up to date miniatures in addition to enchanting artifacts.
Area artists are strongly represented coupled with numerous nationally-identified names. Boutiques that includes Southwestern jewellery and crafts also ply their wares. The initial Thursday of each and every month finds the road alive with gallery openings, Reside new music, and refreshments for the duration of the favored free artwalk. Appear below to obtain an genuine flavor of downtown Scottsdale and pick up some regionally designed art.
When you are looking for an exciting and educational go to, take into consideration climbing with Arizona Outback Adventures. A guide will decide on you up from your resort and consider you on the tour on foot or by bicycle even though delivering drinking water and snacks to the vacation, and local familiarity with the crops, animals and normal heritage of the region. It is possible to take a look at all AOA’s products and services in this article. Finally, let me just present One more reminder that If you're in Scottsdale while in the hotter months, system your outdoor functions, for example mountaineering, within the early hours on the early morning to stay away from the desert heat, sunburn, and/or dehydration. –> More details
Seeking a enjoyable autumn action? There are lots of corn mazes in Phoenix and within the state. Holiday seasons
Inbuilt 1904 for two Riordan households, the Mansion is a formidable reminder of gracious living in a little, territorial logging town. The historic making can be an Arizona treasure - a outstanding illustration of Arts and Crafts fashion architecture featuring....
Though Scottsdale is still to obtain nightlife reputation of New York or L.A., it’s only truthful to say the vibrant city features a popularity of staying amongst All those Together with the busiest nightlives within the West. The placing with the Sunlight above the Valley provides Scottsdale’s more than eighty golf equipment, wine bars and lounges to daily life, providing you plenty of entertaining destinations to social gathering like a rock star.
Virtù is a stylish eatery nestled from the charming Bespoke Inn bed and breakfast of Scottsdale’s Old Town. The cafe is owned by Chef Gio Osso, whose Mediterranean family members roots shine via in his Resourceful menus. The seasonal, globally affected menu characteristics a number of freshly caught seafood, domestically sourced meat and dairy products and solutions, homegrown greens, salads and herbs, and handmade pasta.
Great for Youngsters who would like to encounter Stay theater, Arizona's Childsplay here welcomes you to definitely its 360 deg....
This isn't really a simulation. You'll hit actual golfing balls with serious golf equipment. All levels of golfers may have entertaining.
Troon North Golfing Club is renowned for its tough normal terrain, atmosphere, and visual splendor. The immaculately groomed fairways showcasing impeccable customer support and bent grass greens make this golf class among A sort. Surprisingly, most golfers have positioned the head and Monument within their must-Enjoy lists, a transparent indicator that you're going to love this system much too.
Get yourself a taste of what Scottsdale provides using a check out to the city’s Downtown area. This historic corner of town is packed with an assortment of souvenir stores, style boutiques, award-profitable dining places, vibrant bars, and various varieties of amusement, all inside uncomplicated strolling length of one another. Explore good artwork galleries on enjoyment-stuffed and enlightening Artwork Walks held every single Thursday evening, visit Scottsdale’s most celebrated community artworks by having a straightforward hour’s stroll through downtown, or website study the record with the location over a self-guided going for walks tour, having while in the Small Red Schoolhouse, the Rusty Spur Saloon, and Cavalliere’s Blacksmith Store.
Every single Thursday night you could stroll the streets of downtown Scottsdale and luxuriate in Exclusive displays with artists' receptions, demonstrations plus more. It's totally free—unless you fall in adore using a get the job done of artwork and choose to just take it residence with you.
McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park is probably the finest destinations for out of doors routines situated in the heart of Scottsdale, AZ. It offers carousel and coach rides for youths and Grown ups, historic railroad artifacts and green spacious space for picnics, a prepare museum, design railroad shows and several well-liked gatherings all year spherical.
(500) Days of Summer represents the latest in a string of unabashedly indie, alternative rom coms that have invaded our movie-going consciousness over the last few years. Epitomised by films such as 2007’s In Search of a Midnight Kiss and breakout hit Juno, this particular stable doesn’t pander to the slush and the schmaltz of the chick flick brigade’s yearly output; rather the emphasis rests on a razor-sharp, knowing dissection and reappraisal of romantic mores with frequently bittersweet results.
Protagonist Tom (an affable Jason Gordon-Levitt) is a romance-obsessed weed who works at a greeting cards company, churning out prepackaged emotion for mass consumption. His life is turned upside down by the arrival of new girl Summer Finn (Zooey Deschanel), who is beautiful, carefree and fiercely independent. Inevitably, there is chemistry, and the two embark on a fledgling relationship resounding with passion and excitement. However, it is not long before their wildly different romantic outlooks come into play. The film tracks the highs and lows of their turbulent relationship, flipping back and forth to key moments over the 500 days that they are part of each other s lives.
The car crash of Tom and Summer s relationship makes for entertaining viewing. Scott Neustradter and Michael H. Weber’s script is ripe with humour, zest and subtlety, with well-defined characters and an abundance of endearing comic moments. The scene in which the would-be couple have a shouting match with the word penis springs to mind as an example of the simple, true to life comedy that sees the film at its best.
Loaded with hipster film and music references, (500)DOS still errs on just the right side of studied cool, resisting the irritating smugness that so often befalls films reaching for cult status (see the aforementioned Juno). A well-balanced soundtrack bolsters the effect.
That the film succeeds as it does is largely due to how likeable the characters are. Both Tom and Summer are intelligent, engaging and flawed enough to be irresistibly believable. Some of the more artificially bombastic moments aside, the movie favours a realistic portrayal of two people spiraling in and out of love over cartoonish characterisation.
The blend of compatibility and friction Gordon-Levitt and Deschanel bring to their shared screen time is instrumental in this. Standard definitions of gender are gleefully subverted, with Summer demonstrating a typically male distrust of commitment that prompts one of Tom’s workmates to comment, You’re a dude! By comparison, the navel-gazing Tom largely forgoes the male stock characteristics we’ve come to expect from rom coms; refreshingly (though sometimes infuriatingly) introspective, he agonises over the state of the relationship and pines to Smit’s songs, making the New Man look like a beer-guzzling, chauvinist slob.
Miscommunication is a key theme running through (500)DOS, illustrated by some canny and often hilarious exchanges between the two leads. Early on in their acquaintance, Summer’s admission that her college nickname used to be anal girl causes Tom to balk in surprise, until she innocently explains, I was very neat. Moments like this epitomize the film’s playful, offbeat heart.
While readily billing itself as an anti-romance , much like the balls-out bromances of Judd Apatow et al, (500)DOS is secretly a die-hard believer in fairytale love. Contrary to the sporadic narration that represents one of the movie’s few unnecessary and whimsical bugbears, it is a love story- just one that is willfully unconventional.
For those that like their rom coms straight up with a large side helping of sentimentality, Webb’s film may well prove frustrating. The idiosyncratic cut of the characters will probably come across as self-indulgent, even narcissistic, and while the ending is certainly feelgood it won’t have you reaching for the Kleenex for an appreciative sob.
However, for closet romantics everywhere and those who are jaded with the myth of true love alike, there is a lot to enjoy. While hardly a classic, (500) DOS certainly warrants your attention.
Please keep a backup of your LFS.exe from version Z28 so you can go back to Z28 if there are any problems.
Over the last few years, Vienna D.C. Timberwolves club has developed from a traditional basketball club into Austira #1 breeding ground for young talent and Austrias largest basketball club. The Timberwolves are the most successful club in men’s youth basketball.
• Competitive basketball and academic success are not conflicting goals, but complement each other well
• Children and youths learn social skills, team spirit, strength of character and fair play at our club
• Our team in the 2nd Austrian Basketball League is made up by many of our own former youth players, and the
We are proud of our youth players and their continued athletic success and the numerous players on the national team and in the Austrian Basketball League who have come from the ranks of our youth program.
We have expanded our projects to include additional elements and combined them into an overarching project called Exercise, Basketball, Competitive Sports and School. This project is based on the Vienna D.C. Timberwolves’ six-pillar concept:
In co-operation with FK Austria Wien (soccer), Vienna Vikings (American football) and SV Schwechat (volleyball) the Vienna D.C. Timberwolves founded the EWBA (english: First Viennese Ballsport Acedemy) in 2010. In contrast to many other basketball clubs in Austria we concentrate on developing our youth players. This focus also resulted in the introduction of the EWBA Ballsportgymnasium, Erdbergstraße 186, 1030 Vienna, This EWBA Ballsportgymnasium is a secondary school where we established Vienna’s first club-level competitive basketball sports class for ninth graders. In five years boys & girls can combine sport & school in a full dual mode system. Basketball practices are Mo, Tu, Th and Fr in the morning as well as in the evening. School hours are Mo, Tu, Th and Fr from noon to around 5pm and on Wednesdays from 9am to 5pm. To join the EWBA a school and sport certificate is needed. Please contact Wolfgang Horak (President) or Andreas Kaineder (Manager Timberwolves Academy) for more details.
Children’s exercise groups for all children between the ages of 8 and 12. During one and a half hour sessions held once or twice a week, children learn to enjoy exercising and sports as part of a healthy lifestyle. Coordination, balance training, endurance, nutrition and injury prevention are taught in a fun way.
Additional physical education lessons for all children between the ages of 8 and 14 as part of their regular class schedule. Vienna D.C. Timberwolves teach interested children about the sport of basketball and offer students a free one and a half hour team sports lesson once a week at their own school. The club also organizes a summer training camp in Austria for all children between the ages of 8 and 14 who are interested in basketball. Here the children are supervised by our coaches all day and practice basketball three times a day. The camp also offers massage and relaxation exercises.
Free basketball workshops for children between the ages of 8 and 14 are offered at the beginning of the season (in September) and directly after the semester break (each year in February). Free sports sessions with our coaches are held each Saturday morning for a month. All children between the ages of 8 and 14 who are interested in basketball can register for the workshops on our web site.
Beach Blast Doll 1989 African American version Mattel # 3244 Beautiful vintage doll Item is new in box, no wear Box has minor wear D-1
Released in the year 2009, the Barbie Holiday Doll was released on the 50th anniversary of Barbie....
Celebrate all the glamour of the season with this holiday-themed Barbie doll wearing a floor-length...
Description New Barbie Spa to Fab Barbie Doll (Discontinued by manufacturer) by Barbie Product Description Lots of pampering, primping playtime! Give Barbie doll a magical makeover with color-change nails and makeup - just use cold water to transform her look! Then add pink hair extensions for a glam ’do that matches her sparkling fashions! Barbie is featured in a silvery statement necklace with shoes featuring a sculpted ruffle detail. Hours of fashion and beautifying playtime for your little stylista! Just use cold water to transform look and use warm water to return to neutral. Tons of Beautifying Fun with Barbie Doll Barbie doll is ready for a day of pampering and primping at the spa! Girls will love playing superstar stylist and transforming Barbie doll from fashionably fab to... Less
Special Edition Holiday Barbie 2012 This special holiday Barbie doll is brand new and has never been removed from the box. The packaging shows no obvious flaws. Barbie is wearing a long red and dress with a silver accent. Made by Mattel. This item ships for FREE anywhere in the continental USA! Thanks for looking! International buyers please check the shipping calculator for a quick quote to your area. I love to combine shipping costs so please feel free to check out the rest of the vintage and new Barbie items up for sale in my eBay store! E-mail me with any questions. If you have a problem with your transaction please contact me before leaving feedback so I can make things right. I strive for 100% satisfaction with every item sold! Track Page Views With Auctiva's FREE Counter
Hola! Hello! Be transported to the extraordinary country of Spain with this lovely Spanish Barbie...
Barbie Sparkle Plastic TableCover Doll up your table with a Barbie Table Cover. This table cover features a smiling pink Barbie with BARBIE printed in bright colors. Polka dots with signature Barbie silhouette and B are scattered across the white background of the table cover. Barbie Table Cover productproduct details: 54 x 96 in size Plastic construction Reusable Easy and fast to clean We have great quality Barbie Sparkle and other kids Birthday party supplies, party favors and decorations at lowest prices. Check our store to mix and match other Barbie Sparkle Birthday Supplies to create your own set. A brand New item ( never opened ) In stock and ready to ship SHIPPING POLICY We mostly ship the same day or next business day after receiving t he payments.Items are shipped by First... Less
Barbie Quilt Quilt Size: 35 w by 45 h Top & Backing Fabrics: 100% Cotton Batting: 50% Cotton - 50% Polyester, Needle Punched Will Not Bunch or Separate New Colors of Pink, Purple, Blue, Yellow & White Machine Quilted & Hand Stitched by HomeSewnGirl If you have any questions, please ask! Thank you for stopping by and please be sure check out our other auctions! Everything comes from a smoke free environment. Payment: Payment is due within 2 days after auction end Shipping: Domestic (USA) - First class mail upon receipt of payment. Package is mailed within 24 hours to 48 hours. International - Rates to be calculated on location. Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer's responsibility. Please check with your... Less
Mattel I Can Be Barbie 2012 Presidential Election Barbie Vote for the B Party! This Bar bie doll is brand new and has never been removed from the box. I Can Be Barbie can do anything she puts her mind to! Barbie is dressed to impress in her Presidential campaign outfit! If you can dream it you can be it! Made by Mattel. This item ships Worldwide! Thanks for looking! Please check the shipping calculator for a quick quote to your area. I love to combine shipping costs so please feel free to check out the rest of the vintage and new Barbie items up for sale in my eBay store! E-mail me with any questions. If you have a problem with your transaction please contact me before leaving feedback so I can make things right. I strive for 100% satisfaction with every item sold! Track Page Views... Less
Based on the #1 New York Times Best Selling book series Twilight Inspired by the character from the...
Bow down to the Queen of Hearts Barbie doll, which is an identical replica of the tyrannical Queen...
Vintage Collectible Mattel Barbie Ornament Bulb Zipper Pull 2002 Clear plastic bulb with a Barbie zipper pull inside. New and never opened. Comes from a smoke free home.
Prices are provided by the merchants. We assume no responsibility for accuracy of price information provided by merchants. Please alert us to any pricing discrepancies and we will alert the merchant. Sales taxes are estimated at the zip code level. Shipping costs are estimates. Please check store for exact shipping costs. To learn more about why certain stores are listed on the site, click here
Product specifications are obtained from third parties, and while we make every effort to assure the accuracy of product information, we do not assume any liability for inaccuracies. Store ratings and product reviews are written and submitted by online shoppers to assist you as you shop. They do not reflect our opinions. We take no responsibility for the content of ratings and reviews submitted by users.
the discussion of the characters from cats cradle by kurt vonegut and good country people by flanner
More essay examples on macbeth rubric macbeth: the symbol of blood i am traveling to turn out that in the drama macbeth, a symbol of blood is portrayed frequently ( and with different significances ) , and that it is a symbol that is. Macbeth and blood macbeth essay i am going to prove that in the play macbeth, a symbol of blood is portrayed often(and with different meanings), and that it is a symbol that is developed until it is the dominating theme of the play towards the end of it. In 'macbeth', blood is used as a symbol but at the same time it also helps the playwright to give an analysis of the minds of macbeth and lady macbeth. A summary of themes in william shakespeare's macbeth learn exactly what happened in this chapter, scene, or section of macbeth and what it means perfect for acing essays, tests, and quizzes, as well as for writing lesson plans. Use of blood imagery in macbeth william shakespeare uses many techniques to liven the intensity, and the excitement in his plays in the play of macbeth, shakespeare uses blood imagery to add a sense of fear, guilt, shame, insanity, and anger to the atmosphere.
The blood imagery in macbeth is significant for several reasons for one thing, it signifies that the essence of the victims' life have left and, as such it symbolizes the loss of true humanness. Cars essay introduction macbeth blood by 29 oktober 2018 0 rate this post countryside life essay goals my characteristic essays bedroom about my university essay school holiday essay advantages and disadvantages internet debate, my favorite picture essay room kitchen an food essay your life experience writing an essay exercise dates. Below is an essay on macbeth symbolism from anti essays, your source for research papers, essays, and term paper examples three symbols in macbeth in macbeth, symbolism is widely use in illustrating the overall theme of murder and the evil of man. The symbol of blood changes with the changing character of macbeth in the beginning of the play blood symbolizes honor and bravery, but that changes to deceit and evil, as the play progresses at the beginning of the play blood signifies honor and bravery and symbolizes good and victory.
Symbolism of blood in macbeth essays and research papers search the symbol of blood in macbeth macbeth is having trouble sleeping because of the dreams she has to do with blood macbeth. Lady macbeth is saying this when she is about to kill king duncan she wants her blood to be thickened and to clog the veins so that she doesn't feel sorry for herself this quote was said by macbeth after he had killed duncan he now feels guilty that he murdered him and asked to himself if all the. Macbeth blood symbolism essays blood is without a doubt symbolic of sin throughout the entire play it also provokes fearful suspense in the hearts of the characters and the readers macbeth and his wife's guilt were revealed through their immoral ambitions he was haunted by his actions even b. Macbeth paper, use of blood april 2005 paper: the use of imagery and blood in shakespeare's play macbeth imagery is the use of symbols to convey an idea or to create a specific atmosphere for the audience.
The first symbol, blood, represents macbeth’s and lady macbeth’s guilt in macbeth blood is everywhere from the beginning to the end in act 2 scene 2 macbeth got blood on his hands by murdering king duncan. The free shakespeare research paper (symbolism of blood in macbeth - steve s essay) presented on this page should not be viewed as a sample of our on-line writing service if you need fresh and competent research / writing on shakespeare, use the professional writing service offered by our company. Macbeth blood essay leaving cert essay about laptop peacock in english inspirational person essays changes english class essay in pdf file a symbolism essay quality, chinese medicine essay cooling foods recipes writing an essay picture exercises worksheets (mother is the best essays nursing) ielts writing structure essay tips autobiography.
The use of symbolism of blood in the play, macbeth pages 1 words 845 view full essay more essays like this: macbeth, blood in macbeth sign up to view the complete essay show me the full essay show me the full essay more essays like this: macbeth, blood in macbeth not sure what i'd do without @kibin. Blood is always closely linked to violence, but over the course of macbeth blood comes to symbolize something else: guilt death and killing happen in an instant, but blood remains, and stains death and killing happen in an instant, but blood remains, and stains. Essay macbeth: the symbol of blood i am going to prove that in the play macbeth, a symbol of blood is portrayed often(and with different meanings), and that it is a symbol that is developed until it is the dominating theme of the play towards the end of it. A literary analysis of the symbolism of blood in macbeth by william shakespeare pages 3 words 722 view full essay more essays like this: william shakespeare, macbeth, blood in macbeth not sure what i'd do without @kibin this preview is partially blurred sign up to view the complete essay show me the full essay show me the full essay.
In macbeth , william shakespeare's tragedy about power, ambition, deceit, and murder, the three witches foretell macbeth's rise to king of scotland but also prophesy that future kings will descend from banquo, a fellow army captain.
In shakespeare”s macbeth the symbol of blood is used to represent honor, bravery, treason, murder and guilt the symbol of blood is continuously developed until it becomes the dominating theme of the play.
After these few mentions to honor, the symbol of blood now changes to demo a subject of perfidy and lese majesty lady macbeth starts this off when she asks the liquors to & # 8220 do thick my blood, & # 8221 ( act 1, scene 5, line 46 ).
Critical essays major symbols and motifs macbeth symbols are central to understanding macbeth as a play and identifying shakespeare's social and political commentary the constant presence of blood in macbeth repeatedly reminds the audience about how serious the consequences of the characters actions are but almost surpassing the. Use of blood in macbeth - paper: the use of imagery and “blood” in shakespeare’s play macbeth imagery is the use of symbols to convey an idea or to create a specific atmosphere for the audience. Blood the longest running tradition in medicine, bloodletting, was a widely accepted practice with a three-thousand year-old history from the ancient egyptians to the late 19th century. Essay in william shakespear's macbeth, symbolism is abundantly used in exemplifying the overall theme of murder there are several prominent forms of this throughout the play the contrast of light and dark representing good and evil plays a major role in the advancement of events in the play blood symbolizes murder and guilt the archetypal pattern of purification by water is used several.
Dispensing is an impromptu podcast series where Moesh and other prominent members of the Minecraft game development community discuss various aspects of Minecraft, its community, and the art of making games with Minecraft. The inaugural episode of the impromptu Dispensing podcast features the creator of Simburbia and City of Love; the incomparable Jigarbov. We discuss…
Powered by phpBB © Acid theme by [TLP] Florent based on fisubice2 by phpBBservice.nl :: Heures au format UTC + 2 heures
Miles Hawk Major — Hawk Major Miles M.2H Hawk Major at White Waltham Airfield, near Maidenhead Berkshire, in June 19 … Wikipedia
We are using cookies for the best presentation of our site. Continuing to use this site, you agree with this.
A full plastic bodied syringe with an excellent rubber seal plunger, well suited for classroom 'move-it' type activities.
A complete plastic bodied non sterile syringe with synthetic high quality seal. Suitable for classroom 'move -it' activities.
There’s no way to really describe Panama Orange. You just have to dive on in to the deep end. This is a teaser for a longer interview I did with him today. If you have a question, comment, or suggestion, email me at [email protected]
The use of rhinestones On this bracelet causes it to be glimpse very feminine and shiny. It will eventually give your wrist the proper level of bling.
Here is a sketch I fabricated from a hyperglide pin. You should not use a hammer and anvil to travel it. Use a good chain rivet tool, that Preferably has two fences. (internal fence is for adjusting any binding/tightness out from the link.)
But it absolutely was a made use of among mysterious mileage And that i should have recognized greater. Not a problem, even though: alongside with a patch package, pump, and spare tube, I normally carry a small chain Device, a handful of hyperglide pins, and when I've 1, a whole new superlink in addition. A number of spare everyday chain links complete the established in the event of a chain that receives hopelessly bent or a thing. Keep in mind that when you elect to operate yourself chain, possessing a Device-fewer link will not obviate the need to get a chain Resource solely. To join up a whole new chain straight out with the package, even 1 that features a Resource-a lot less link within the bundle, you'll Pretty much unquestionably have to have a chain Resource readily available to help you remove a number of links for making the chain healthy your drivetrain. If old chain size worked high-quality, lay new a person flat on bench next to it, and copy the duration. Use Software to eliminate further links, then place chain on bike and be a part of it with the handy superlink.
Find the learn link pull it out Learn how huge you'd like the chain split it then place the master link again on there you broke it You'll be able to just pull the master link off If you prefer the bracelet off
Move you don't need to worry about minimum buy prerequisites or delivery distance. No matter how smaller the purchase or how much it should go, Shipping
The ending around the outer floor of the bracelet is finished making use of incredibly good quality paints that can not discolor.
Sorry, we just need to be sure you're not a robot. For finest success, be sure to make sure your browser is accepting cookies.
But critically, in the situation of repairs as well as for First assembly applications, you should not be Performing with the quick OEM pins at any time. If there is one particular dangling on there within the manufacturing facility, it is best to "shed it." (it could are actually still left on for the factory for expediency.) While you've viewed, within the box presently You can find either a bullet leader form joining pin, two times given that the OEM pins; you'll be snapping from the ahead leader part just after driving the pin house, or greater nonetheless, the box will include a keyhole-variety quicklink that is Instrument-significantly less and might be undone indefinitely without stressing the chain.
Each piece is polished and crafted with The gorgeous finish. Whichever you decide on, you are going to usually get the sterling and sturdy bike chain bracelet. So, examine our Web site and have the awesome price savings.
Mount the bike with a bike stand. If you do not Use a bike stand, lean it against one thing strong, preferably the wrong way up. This could make it easier to remove the chain.
In case you goof and just take off 1 or 2 links a lot more than you should have, switch them with additional soar rings at both the clasp or retaining ring stop. Additional rings are available for obtain at craft and bead stores locally and online.
Some individuals will endorse using a hammer to pop the pin out. It's not a good idea, as you'll be much more very likely to drive the pin here many of the way out.
Then they put the clasp (consider the image; I do not know how to make one of them, I feel you have to acquire it) on among the list of rings and weld/solder both rings to produce them ongoing circles. You're carried out! Then you can certainly just latch the second ring into the clasp to use it, and vice versa to take it off. It is a very, quite strong connection and is simple to use. Give it a consider it's possible :)
I recommend this locksmith to all! The provider this enterprise gives normally goes past my anticipations! Thank you much for all the...
Dave was able to Minimize two new barrel keys for me at an inexpensive value. They get the job done fantastic and I am truly… read extra six. Armstrong Lock & Stability Goods
We use cookies on our Web site to enhance your expertise. By continuing on our Internet site, you consent to our usage of cookies. Find out more inside our Cookie See and our Privateness Plan.
Almost everything using this firm went really effectively from your get go. I known as and was instantly put in contact with a technician, who precise...
Hymlic G @Hymlic707 Jun 22 Replying to @dalocksmith @ApolloBrown Absolute confidence is ✊ . I actually like Information to my Youthful self. I let my son pay attention to it and I truly feel like he would have the ability to apply some These factors
One of The best spots in city – quite practically – is ICEBAR Orlando, which encompasses a under-freezing home having a bar fully carved from ice and a full menu and dance flooring during the warmer adjacent place.
In regards to locks this is the best business to work with, the support supplied by the skillful staff members is always the most effective. Thanks so mu...
Below Site usage of location providers, click on Prompt for every Web-site once every day or Prompt for each Internet site just one time only.
— sharon coolidge, Cincinnati.com, "Cincinnati solicitor hired a locksmith to get into Park Board closet," two Could 2018 And using a telescope on his roof, an Italian locksmith was equipped to find the initial burst of light with the supernova explosion of a huge star.
I need to take the time to thank you for the help and a focus I was presented two weekends ago with my unexpected emergency call. It had been very late.
What is actually Trending Now Much more Trending Text asylum 'protection from arrest and extradition supplied especially to political refugees' insubordinate 'disobedient to authority' promulgate 'to generate known by open declaration' epochal 'momentous or unparalleled' clemency 'merciful procedure of somebody who may very well be given harsh punishment' SEE ALL Time here Traveler! Take a look at the year a phrase to start with appeared Definition of locksmith
ORLANDO – In Yet one more shift that should significantly fortify their defense and size, the Orlando...
He was early and referred to as to discover initial if more info the new time would work for us. The price he quoted over the phone was the precise amount of money he more info billed. He was speedy and… read through far more 4. Advance locksmith orlando florida Auto Locksmith
You must have Internet connection and be capable of spend the renewal payment using a credit or debit card.
“Desired” listings, or Those people with highlighted website buttons, point out YP advertisers who directly present details about their corporations to aid individuals make a lot more educated getting conclusions. YP advertisers obtain higher placement while in the default buying of search results and could look in sponsored listings on the best, side, or base from the search engine results web page.
Apparently Jack of @JackInTheBox Needs to Spend More Time at Home :: Dead Tree Media – Traditional Advertising Reviewed by an Internet Marketer
Sometimes I’m really amazed what gets through in ads these days. Jack In The Box has made some amazing ads since they brought Jack back, and this is still a good ad… they may have just wanted to check into what it means when you have a tear tattooed under your eye.
I have a buddy of mine who swears he could make a living just by consulting with ad agencies and providing them with the insights of a full grown man who still thinks like a 13 year-old boy. Without even checking with him, I’m pretty sure this wouldn’t have passed the test…
I just had some jaggoff write to complain that I didn’t provide a source for this article… um, really? It was a fucking nationally broadcast commercial for Jack In the Box… I’m pretty sure you can find it on YouTube. I didn’t bother embedding the embedding the video because, “fuck you” that’s why… good grief. I know this isn’t top shelf comedy writing here, but I would think you’d figure it out anyway.
Jeff Ferguson is an internet marketer, entrepreneur, inventor, writer, public speaker and is usually only this angry when talking about poorly made advertising or people who think gum is a food group.
When achievable, launch oneself in the time commitments that aren't in line with your greatest values.
If John’s want is ultimate and is just that can help the man together with his hair in flames, then it's important to count his desire as regarding someone apart from himself
Give us a contact now to Learn how uncomplicated it is to acquire used snack, drink, food, or combo vending machines devoid of breaking your spending budget.
When introspection, to some extent, may be a respectable source of knowledge of our very own minds, it really is pretty suspect to reject an empirical claim about possibly unconscious motivations. Besides, 1 might report universally egoistic
How to overcome this experience ? This is actually the one most purpose why I have just been thinking about minimalism instead of with the ability to undertake it…
Large velocity absolutely Computerized important oil little perfume cosmetic bottle filling equipment shanghai factory About solution and suppliers:
4, p. 495). Knowledge demonstrates that folks need to be taught to care for Some others with carrots and sticks—with reward and punishment. So seemingly altruistic ultimate wishes are basically instrumental to egoistic kinds; we arrive at believe that we have to be concerned with the passions of Other people in order to
does. Furthermore, You will find a escalating entire body of evidence gathered by developmental psychologists indicating that youthful young children Have a very purely natural, unlearned issue for Many others. There is some evidence, for example, that small children as young as 14-months will spontaneously assistance somebody they believe is in want (Warneken & Tomasello 2007). It appears implausible that kids have uncovered at this kind of young age that this habits will be reward by themselves.
“Comfy, peaceful journey with fantastic audio process to listen to backwards and forwards to work. Good gas mileage!”
I utilized to practically really feel responsible if I walked from one particular room to the following with out remembering to grab an product that needed to be place absent. I considered that for a waste of your time. And that i couldn’t find out why I had been always worn out! I believed I'd a health care trouble. Anyway, this write-up has actually been a massive help in my existence and impressed me to start out my own website, , about my journey to a less complicated everyday living. Thank you!
) Well-known account of the entire process of evolution, turning the main focus on genes, rather then the organism, and their propensity to copy by themselves through purely natural selection (that's why the concept of a “egocentric” gene).
Quite a few egoistic explanations from the empathy-helping relationship are in Opposition With all the empathy-altruism hypothesis. Each one claims that activities of reasonably superior empathy (“empathic arousal”) results in topics that can help simply because it induces an egoistic greatest motivation; the desire to assist another is solely instrumental to the final word Most Satisfying drive to benefit oneself. Nonetheless, the experiments seem to rule out every one of the plausible (and several rather implausible) egoistic explanations.
Fear and detrimental ideas may perhaps occasionally be the way in which to seek out responses, resolve crucial issues, and proceed to peace.
Our chilly and frozen food vending machines are ideal for any more info locations you may need cold food items vending or frozen foodstuff selections that are great purchaser satisfying selections for your business.
This is a stand-alone CD/DVD Disc Duplicator Controller. Therefore the controller can control difference CD/DVD devices with different model, brand or burning speed to operate at the same time.
It's bigger, more graceful and more efficient than the previous generation and you can get it in a hybrid if that's important to you. It's also comfortable and luxurious, kind of a "less well-heeled man's" Porsche Cayenne.
The difficult to spell Touareg is Volkswagen's full-sized SUV and it's a fine one. And for 2011 the Touareg, promoted as the second generation of the vehicle, there are substantial changes from the original model.
VW says the new Touareg is wider and shorter than its predecessor, "for a stronger presence". It's also longer, with a longer wheelbase that translates into more interior space – and it manages to do all this while weighing approximately 350 pounds less than the old Touareg. It's also supposed to feature an improved ride, more function and convenience and offers customers three engine choices: the supercharged hybrid, the very nice V6 FSI of my test car and the turbo diesel TDI.
Outside, the new Touareg features a narrower, more "Golf-like" grille, LED running lights, new fender flares, and little fog lamps down below the front air intakes. The Touareg's hindquarters is more curved than before, too, with new "L-Design" taillights, blacked out lower bumper and chrome exhaust tips. Basically, the evolution has left the Touareg looking a lot like the old vehicle, but smoother and less boxy.
Inside, Volkswagen says, the Touareg has been refined, cabin noise reduced, and legroom increased. My test Touareg had the optional panoramic sunroof – billed as 350 per cent larger than the previous model's conventional sunroof. Alas, it was too darn cold to test it during my time with the big VW.
The eight inch touch screen LCD on the center stack works great and you can use it to display vehicle status information, navigation, hybrid drive system information (where applicable, of course), audio controls and the like.
The nearly inaccessible DVD/CD player plays MP3's and radio: SIRIUS Satellite/FM/AM stereo. There's also equally convenient interfacing for iPods, SD cards, etc.
I liked the eight speed automatic transmission with Tiptronic. It shifts very smoothly and gives you enough gears to row yourself silly in manual mode. This came in handy on snowy roads.
The transmission should also allow decent gas mileage for such a well-shouldered beast: VW says its two top gears are meant as fuel-saving overdrives. Perhaps this focus on overall economy is why the V8 option isn't offered on the Touareg anymore – and, to be honest, as much as I love a nice V8, I didn't miss it much here. The 3.6 liter V6 has plenty of power and torque (280 and 265, respectively) and moves the Touareg along with more than enough gusto.
The 4MOTION four wheel drive and Electronic Stability Control (ESC) were awesome on the wintry roads in my neck of the woods, helping the Big T remain stable and eminently driveable on the worst of Person Nature's wrath.
Touaregs come with a lightweight (thanks to the use of aluminum) double wishbone suspension, and the 4MOTION system is married to a rear limited-slip Torsen differential. Propulsion is biased 40:60 toward the rear to improved the overall driving dynamics. It works.
Touareg features power-assisted vented disc brakes front and rear and the pedal feel is smooth and confident, with no mushiness. My sample was fitted with optional 20 inch wheels that look very sharp but if they were any bigger VW would have to install a fold out staircase to help one get inside the Touareg.
My test unit was about mid-line, with plenty of optional stuff sandwiched into its structure. So it had everything from an auto-dimming interior mirror and the wonderful automatic headlights feature every vehicle should have, to Bluetooth Mobile Phone Connectivity and "Climatronic" dual-zone electronic climate control.
It also had leather, driver's seat memory (the buttons for which are a little far back on the door, but you don't use them much), Bi-Xenon headlights, a rear view camera. The 12 way driver's seat cups the buns comfortably and the rest of the seats are also plenty cozy. The 60/40 split/fold and sliding rear seat has a recline feature and folds pretty flat for when you want to haul stuff.
Also aiding the hauling is a power tailgate you can operate from the driver's seat, from the key fob or from the tailgate itself.
The cabin is comfortable, classy and efficient. The instrument panel is straightforward, the center stack features VW's terrific touch screen system (one of the best) and ancillary buttons and controls for HVAC, audio, etc. The multifunction steering wheel is comfortable in the hands and the speed-dependent variable ratio hydraulic rack steering system guides the SUV efficiently, with good steering feel.
About the only complaint I can think of for the driver/front passenger compartment is the silly placement of the DVD player – in the glove compartment, tucked into its ceiling and accessible only after you press a little lever, after which it pops down. This is a royal pain if you happen to be in the driver's seat.
As expected, the audio system is very good, with power enough and speakers that don't shake themselves out of their mounts at the first Who tune. My Touareg came with SIRIUS satellite radio activated, which is always a treat.
A nice touch is the double sun visors for the front seat passengers, which let you use a visor on the side and front windows at the same time.
Safety equipment includes rain sensing wipers and six airbags – including dual front units, thorax units and "Side Curtain Protection" for the front and rear outboard passengers. There's also Anti-Slip Regulation (ASR – so, ladies, don't show up in your dainties!), anti-lock brakes, Auto-Hold and Hill Hold Assist, and Volkswagen’s Electronic Stabilization Control (ESC).
I really enjoyed my week with the Touareg and would definitely put it near the top of my list of SUV's in this niche. It comes off as a slightly more affordable Porsche Cayenne which, since they were spawned in the same ocean, shouldn't really be a surprise. It's nothing to sneeze at, either.
Jim Bray is a member of the Automobile Journalists Association of Canada. His columns are available through the TechnoFile Syndicate.
Welcome to Tech Support Questions, where you can ask questions and receive answers from other members of the community.
Post questions regarding any technology problem including problems with phones and tablets, computers and laptops, windows and apple devices and more. Help other members of the community by answering questions.
it help computer help computer problems tech questions hardware general repair common issues troubleshoot troubleshooting easy fix technical questions phones and mobile password reset repair instructions forgot password how to fix desktops laptops pc help software step by step instructions general tech help it issues error fixes general support desktop problems phone issues accessories error messages factory reset network help network issues support question need it support tech answers facebook dosen't turn on computer helps removal pc notebook and tablets technical support work arounds downloads recovery uninstall in windows 7 kindle keyboard laptop samsung tablets and phone mobile devices computer questions support questions email questions tech help windows 8.1 apps reset technical help mac upgrade windows xp cloud computing file recovery windows 7 tv internet delete undelete samsung galaxy s5. charging ports tablets safari google chrome settings kindle fire i dont know what to do password recovery pls help me how can i install it back? smart tv iphone ) android tablet picture windows 8 screen iphone issues need it help answer my it questions error message it question please help !!! moto g as detailed as possible please instruction manual thank u plz help please help me. answer.my question to resolve this
I got a Dell model PP291Windows 8.1 off Craig's list and they didn't give me password how do I get there password off
.i just found out that i have "invalid system memory has been referenced .How do i fix this.Blue screens everytime
Archives Select Month November 2018 May 2018 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 October 2015 August 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 December 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 September 2013 August 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 October 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 August 2011 June 2011 February 2011 December 2010 November 2010 May 2010
Traditionally, link addresses to webpages include a path to a file’s location. For example, in the address www.yourdomain.com/images/family/dog1.jpg indicates that at yourdomain.com, the picture dog1.jpg lives in the “family” folder inside the “images” folder. As you can imagine, some of these addresses can get quite long. The links can get even more complicated if the site is built using the PHP programming language. This can pose a problem if you would like to share a link using software with a character limit, such as Twitter. Enter the URL shortening services. By registering your link with a company such as bit.ly or TinyURL, you can get a much shorter link address that will forward to your intended page.
As with many great ideas, some nefarious people have found a way to exploit this service. They use shortened URLs to mask links to malicious sites. So, how can you know if that shortened link someone posted or sent you is legitimate before you click it? Thankfully, there are a few ways to check.
bit.ly – If your link has this text in the address, copy the link and paste it into your browser. Add a + to the end of the link and enter. This will bring you to a special bit.ly page that will give you details about the link, including the fully expanded URL.
TinyURL – Copy and paste a TinyURL link into a browser address bar. Add the word preview before the address. For example, tinyurl.com/3k2k91 becomes preview.tinyurl.com/3k2k91. Following the preview link will bring you to a preview of the page with the fully expanded link without exposing you to malware.
If you use the Mozilla Firefox browser, there is an add-on called bit.ly preview that will display information on the link while you hover over it with your mouse.
If you have several links to check, or do not want to use the above options, you can paste shortened URLs into LongURL, ExpandMyURL or Long URL Please.
For more information on how to preview shortened URLs, please visit Joshua Long’s comprehensive guide. Though people you trust would not willingly send you a malicious link, it’s always a good idea to vet any links before clicking on them.
Posted on December 14, 2010 April 16, 2013 Author Karrie McLellanCategories Security, Web Links2 Comments on Security and shortened links
With the proliferation of e-readers comes an increasing demand for e-books in libraries. Many libraries offer free downloadable e-books and audiobooks, but they may not be compatible with all readers. If you are a patron at the East Greenbush Community Library (or any Upper Hudson library), you can find our digital collection here. In addition to your public library, there are several sources of free, legal e-book downloads. Here are a few to get you started:
Also, check with the vendor of your device. For example, if you own a Nook, you can search the Barnes and Noble website for free e-books. Ditto with the iTunes store and any of the Apple family of devices. Happy e-reading!
Cloud infrastructure is a growing collection of complementary services in the cloud including computing, storage, data, networking and more. Microsoft Azure & Amazon Web Services are two popular cloud infrastructure services.
Extend your current applications into the cloud or quickly launch new web-based applications including mobile apps
If you have lots of data to store and/or computing processing requirements, leverage their massive data centers
Create geographic redundancy for business applications by replicating them in data centers across the globe so the perform well for users where they are working
Faster time to market because you don’t have to worry about underlying IT infrastructure, you build your applications on existing technology.
Reduce costs by paying for only those services/infrastructure you require. This reduces upfront costs to setup new infrastructure.
Increase the scalability of your business applications as your business and the number of users of your applications grows
As with any IT decision, an analysis of your situation is required to determine the pros and cons, and the cost/benefit of using cloud infrastructure services. Tech To U has in-depth expertise to help you investigate if cloud infrastructure makes sense for your business (this is not an all or none decision – hybrid solutions may be the way to go).
We don’t look at this decision in isolation, but consider your broader business and IT objectives and determine if and where Azure fits into your IT road map.
If leveraging Microsoft Azure cloud infrastructure is right choice for you, Tech To U has in-depth expertise working with their services and we can work on the migration and implementation of the services for you and provide ongoing support thereafter.
Needle Felt is used within the automotive industry to produce NVH (Noise, Vibration, Harshness) pads, parcel shelves, boot linings and other B Surface coverings among other uses,
This site uses some unobtrusive cookies to store information on your computer. Some cookies on this site are essential, and the site won't work as expected without them. These cookies are set when you submit a form, login or interact with the site by doing something that goes beyond clicking on simple links. We also use some non-essential cookies to anonymously track visitors or enhance your experience of the site. If you're not happy with this, we won't set these cookies but some nice features of the site may be unavailable. By using our site you accept the terms of our Cookies Policy.
Growing a garden is a very beautiful pleasure. We have a huge variety of plants that can be developed in our own garden space. It requires a good expertise and knowledge spread over an entire lifetime. But the experience is fulfilling. The reason is, simply that we enjoy it grow and bloom and even start flowering. Investing and trading are also exactly like this. Let u compare and learn more.
While we set up an idea to grow a garden, we initially learn about the environment, the climate and all the other factors that influence the garden and plan our strategy accordingly. This is important because we have a lot of influencing features that can get beyond our control. In the same way, when we have to invest and trading ideas, firstly we need to investigate the external factors that influence it on a large scale. We have to know certain basic knowledge to capture all the important aspects and execute our orders accordingly.
Also, we need to do the right things at the right time like seeding, giving the right manure weeding and other aspects so that every stage of growth is well noticed and suspected for proper damages. In the same way, markets are also fluctuating. Currency fluctuations and developments in the market have to be monitored and well coordinated to take the right decision at the right time to make the best out of it.
As it is thoroughly a new concept, we have some auto trading robots to facilitate us well in this regard. They have all the essential features that make us very comfortable and interactive to navigate and learn more. Getting acquainted with these systems is also very simple. We just have to visit their pages online and fill in with some basic details. These details have to be quite elaborate and true. Once our profile is verified, we will get an acknowledgment mail. We can fund our account initially and start investing. There are many options for these crypto robots. Research on the basic qualities of each of the systems and choose the best that suits you. Start investing at early stages in life to know more about the cryptocurrencies in detail. Strategic planning is very important. Take smart decisions and invest regularly to invest on a large scale and to get maximum benefits.
Disclaimer: tedadult has a zero-tolerance policy against ch*ld pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing links.
Among the many viruses we see causing respiratory illness right now, the influenza virus (commonly called "the flu") can be particularly severe. Infection with the influenza virus causes sudden onset of a fever, chills, dry cough, and muscle aches. Other symptoms include headache, fatigue, sore throat, and nasal congestion.
Some children are at increased risk of more serious illness from influenza, because of conditions such as diabetes, asthma, immunity problems, or being treated with immune-suppressing medications. They are especially vulnerable to complications, and should get vaccinated as soon as possible. The "Seasonal Flu Shot" that has been administered to many people this year protects against Influenza A and B.
To learn more about the flu and see the most up to date information, go to https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/season/current.htm
Language: Bahasa Bangla Scchinese Chinese German English Spanish Farsi French Greek Hindi Italian Laos Dutch Portuguese Portuguese_po Russian Swedish Thai Vietnamese Japanese
A-Z Biodiversity Terms Glossary providing definitions of terms, areas and acronyms related to biodiversity, commonly used, internationally recognized where possible, well referenced, and derived from legitimate sources
Your 25% Off On Lenovo 500 Wireless Combo Keyboard Mouse in Infibeam at Lowest Price Deal has been Opened
Infibeam gives Best discounts and Offers for Computer & Laptop Accessories.Now get 25% Off On Lenovo 500 Wireless Combo Keyboard Mouse in Infibeam.com at Rs.1,439 Best deal Price.You can follow the below steps to buy this product at their deal price.
Copyright © 2018 . DealMaal.com . All Rights Reserved. All content, trademarks and logos are copyright of their respective owners.
Sports legends don’t just happen. They get made up! Listen to a sports fan get things right about some of the most controversial plays in football and baseball history.
The Immaculate Reception is legendary, but you will learn how and why the referees called it wrong! Imagine the headlines if the referees had called the pass, which really struck Frenchy Fuqua before its reception by Franco Harris, an incomplete pass!
The Reggie Jackson Hip Check doomed the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 1978 World Series after the umpires missed the right call for Jackson’s interference of a thrown ball. Learn that the umpires DID NOT KNOW THE RULES! Instead of another Yankee championship, the story would read much differently.
The Rob Lytle Non-Call takes the award for not one, but two referee blunders on the same play. A premature whistle stopped a possible Raider touchdown on a Bronco fumble in the 1977 AFC Championship Game and the failure of the referees to huddle over when the whistle blew cost the Raiders possession of the ball. Instead of a Denver win and a boring Super Bowl XII, things would have been different!
Read A Fan’s Folklore: Six Seasons of Triumph, Tragedy and Tough Luck by Dean T. Hartwell to see what sports legends are made of. Available now on Amazon and other fine sellers of books.
Last year my boyfriend and I moved in together and we thought it was going to be amazing and it has been, but I wish I knew a few things beforehand. Finding an apartment together was tough, because we weren’t able to look together at most places since we were in a long distance relationship. That being said our move-in process was delayed a little however, everything ended up working out and I like how we ended up at our little home.
Someone will ALWAYS feel like they are doing more for the other person and doing more in the relationship overall. I’ve read in articles in the past that’s it’s normal and it comes with being a young people in their twenties. It’s also a big step for the relationship so things change and emotions get stronger. Try and realize what your partner is doing and being more considerate when they do help you out with little gestures and maintaining your home together.
Sacrifices begin to happen more often if they haven’t already. You learn that you won’t always get your way and neither will your partner. You’ll come to terms with doing things for them because seeing that you made them happy makes you happy and vice versa. You’ll also learn that getting what you want all the time isn’t healthy for a relationship, but working together and compromising is.
There will be times where your place is a mess and it’s because you won’t keep up with the chores you both agreed too when you both first moved in. A schedule gets created and things happen, you’re going to college or work and when you get home you just want to relax so you put off your chores another week. Until one day a month or so later you finally deep clean your home and feel better. Don’t stress about it, try to get one or two chores done a day so you don’t start fighting about it. In the end as long as it gets done, does it really matter who was supposed to do it? As long as you both end up working together to clean your home, it shouldn’t matter. Don’t waste your time on little things, focus on spending time together and being together because the time will FLY by!!!
Paying bills together is great and feels so grown up except when you decide you want to buy stuff and then start worrying about your bills. Don’t stress about money, just always try to stay on your feet by looking for jobs and having at least one job. I know it’s easier said then done, but as long as you’re trying something should come your way. Sometimes it means taking a job you don’t want, but need for that specific time period. Just remember it’s okay to take a job you think you shouldn’t have to take, and think of how you’re on your own now and YOU ARE PAYING FOR YOUR OWN THINGS. That’s an amazing accomplishment and think of something you like about your job. There’s always one thing you like at your job and it might be better than you think!
Stealing Food is a serious issue and I’m warning you about your significant other right now because they will try to eat your snacks and meals when your aren’t home. Hide your snacks because it’s not a matter of if it’ll happen but when it’ll happen.
The biggest thing you’ll get out of living with your partner is you’ll both grow together. Your bond will grow stronger and you’ll love each other more which you didn’t think was possible. You’ll be growing up together and working together. It’s a great stage to be in when you’re in a relationship because you’ll appreciate all the time you have with one another and see how you’ve each grown as a person and as a couple.
Me and my boyfriend are moving in together next year sometime and as excited as I am I’m still wary about this stuff. I stay at his all the time and sometimes we struggle to compromise but I know that once we work through it we will be stronger than ever. Also thank you for saying that it is normal feel like you’re putting more effort into a relationship than the other person because sometimes I find that really affects me but thought I was just being self absorbed. I can’t wait for us to grow together and become closer and stronger🧡 what a lovely post x
Aww thank you so much! Yeah, I used to think it was all in my head or that my boyfriend didn’t appreciate what I did for him. When in fact we both felt that way, we just have to take a step back and see how much the other person is doing for us and if they don’t see it then help them see what we’re doing for them and how they can help us. Thank yous go a long way. You’ll grow stronger before you know and be so much happier because you’re with each other way more! Glad you enjoyed the post! 💕💕
It made me feel more relieved about the experience and made it exciting. If I’m honest I do need to compromise more and learn when to just let things go, so hopefully I can work on that before we move in!🧡
Trust me when I say I’ve been there and I’m still working on myself to let things go faster! It’s so much easier to just focus on the big picture than small little things that’ll irritate you for no reason. Let it go and be happy with your boyfriend. It’s very exciting I’ll be sure to write more about this topic! This was so sweet 😭😭😭
Yeah please do because there is so much negativity in the world that a piece of positivity goes a long way. I also appreciate that you managed to make these things that may be slightly irritating into positive ways of thinking about it. It’s all about personal growth and we’ll get there and it’ll be totally worth it!🧡
Yess we will get there, it’s all a process. I know I’m not where I want to be, but I’m a lot closer than I was last year! Thank you so much you have no idea how much your opinion means to me! I’ll definitely start posting more about relationships! 💜
This was such a good post! Everything you mentioned is so true. I lived with my boyfriend for two years and it was a lot of work! You truly learn about each other in the most intimate way possible. I think another important tip is to make time for yourself and give yourself some space once in a while. Being around each other all the time can be overwhelming and it’s good to find an activity or something you can do that gives you some alone time. I picked up ice skating and found myself going to the gym a lot just to get some alone time. Not saying that my boyfriend was a horrible roommate or anything! But it was important to have the space. Great post 🙂
Thank you so much! That’s so true, finding a hobby to have your own time, “me time” is very important. I tend to blog in my free time and do crafts besides working out or reading! Thank you for sharing your own experience, glad mine was relatable. 😊
Yes to the hiding snacks part, but I do feel bad about it. So I’ve just left it out and decided to suck it up. My bigger issue is actually on the opposite side of that! He buys too many snacks or food on sale. That doesn’t sound like a bad thing until I point out that a lot of food goes to waste (/waist haha) because we end up throwing it out or I ended up being forced to eat it so it doesn’t end up spoiling.
Hiding snacks is a light issue, but I agree buying food on sale if it goes to waste sucks. My boyfriend and I have been trying to cook more at home to get more out of our money. Maybe try to buy more preservatives?
I was lucky enough to mesh well with my best friend when we moved in together. We agreed on decor, food, cleaning, etc. So thankful for that because taking such a big step can make or break your relationship but it’s also when you find out the most about them.
I agree it’s when you find out the most about them and it definitely decides if you’re going to move further in your relationship or not! You and partner must communicate really well besides having complimenting personalities for everything to work out so well! That’s so awesome! 😊
Little known novel, if not unknown, The Witch of The Low Tide, it's indeed one of the most fascinating novels by Carr.
Published in 1961 , ie in the same year of The Demoniacs, it would seem for the time collocation , a historical mystery. However, to place a novel 50 years before his time , in 1903, doesn't seem to me to write a historical novel; if anything is a clever attempt to move back the time and to be able to describe in detail the company , not only the customs, but also the clothing , architecture , discoveries, cars, the first supplies of electricity for the home . Descriptions so minute and so accurate to leave open-mouthed and at the same time able to bring down the reader into the atmosphere of the facts narrated .
3 ) the alleged strangler vanished into thin air , being able to get out from a cellar where the windows are boarded up from the inside and also is blocked the only exit to the outside.
At first insoluble enigma – gone out from the barred cellar from the inside by two heavy locks and windows locked from the inside - followed a second equally difficult enigma to be deciphered by the means of the intellect : Betty Calder, after arguing very publicly with her sister Glynis that she reached her in her cottage cloese the sea, and after moving away by Cycling, when she arrives to appointment she gave to Garth at 18 o'clock, she finds him already in the pavilion that overlooks the beach .
Garth , however, meanwhile made ​​a terrible discovery , after he was accompanied to villa and to pavilion beside the sea, by his nephew in the car : he found Glynis, strangled , her body still warm , and the tea , packed in a boiling still pot. The reason would want the murderer was still present at the crime scene , because the only footprints in the sand are only those produced by Garth, when he approached the pavilion by the sea, footprints left also by Betty when she reached him . Garth has determined the body to be the sister of Beth , because he is kneeling before and he turned, and after he put things on purpose and then without a will he resulted the broken of a china cup. How did the murderer to strangle her there, if there are no fingerprints , and if the only person who has been seen straying towards the pavilion was the same Glynis wearing a swimsuit of Betty , origin of another quarrel between the two sisters ?
Despite having checked the reliability of statements by Betty about the identity of the sister, and having them confirmed, the police men are not sure that the Glynis murderer has not been made ​​by Betty , perhaps with the abetment by Garth.
Abbot Cullingford , deputy head of the CID , proposes to Garth, his acquaintance, that in return for accepting the proposed versions , he reveals everything he knows about the attempted strangulation of the Marion's governess and why he does not believe to her version . But Garth is an upstanding doctor , who, having been treating Marion, does not want to reveal anything that might damage her , as well as friendship . But the rejection by Garth, causes resentment of Cullingford which removes his support and leaves him in the hands of the Inspector Twigg , who can not stomach hi .
David thinks he knows who is the murderer, he knows Betty is not the murderess, and she imagines that the story told by Marion about the attempted strangulation , has flaws ; nevertheless he is willing to hold off judgment both Marion and Betty , and fatigue becomes unlikely , because Marion , trusting his word, tries in every way to accuse Betty , since the two women are incompatible : David in a dramatic face to face in which come to light unspecified sexual habits of Marion with an unspecified man, in Paris, he forces her to admit things, heared not only by him but also by someone that was eaves dropping at the door.
At this point, Garth looks for Abbot, and in the name of their friendship , he asks him to give him 24 hours, so that he can set a trap the killer and bring him to the police, asking in return as the two women are exempt to testimony and to reveal "scandalous" facts of their past. Meanwhile, it is found that the young Fielding knew Glynis, and how he escaped an attack in the Grotto , i.e. the billiards room , put in the basement of a famous hotel .
In a tight final , the murderer will prove to be just this after the Garth will make understand him to have gotten the truth , but the Inspector Twigg will be to guess how Glynis Stukeley was killed and how and who confused the events so to imply that the crime had been committed in the pavilion , leaving no footprints in the sand .
First of all, The Withch of The Low Tide is one of the greatest novels of Carr : it is a true masterpiece ! Divinely written (the descriptions , as I mentioned before, are magnificent : see the hotel, or even the clothing of the persons involved or even passers-by , and even descriptions of the cars! Carr, who you know was quite fussy , when it was to evoke atmospheres that did not belong him, documenting about periods and events , made an intensive study, no doubt about it ! On more than one occasion that he almost seems to had experienced that atmosphere, that he was found to live those experiences: almost a case of reincarnation that could excite Paul Halter (as long as he did not think of ) .
I noticed one thing , of which I had never noticed before : another stylistic particular by Carr. When Carr wants hit with emphasis a special pareticular , a name or a certain attitude , he makes a caesura: he refers to what he wants to say , then stops and usually describes something ( such as a fireplace with photographs by Betty and parents by David , or a statue or a candelabra with flickering flames or more ) and immediately picks up where he left off, saying with more emphasis that thing he said. In a sense it is always part of that so-called augmentative mechanism , which is present in some of the novels of the first period , for example It Walks By Night : to increase tension, it says something, then you stop and then when you resume dialogue , something happens and what he had said before, it is magnified , because maybe you changed the tone ( for example, the fountain that once seemed so crystal clear laugh, now it seems to do it or a sinister grin, etc. ..
I like to emphasize another detail , or rather two : at the first, the locked room is once again the result of an act. Here it relates to a given spatial and one temporal together : you remember the exemplification of the Conference by Dr. Fell about Locked Rooms at The Hollow Man and what Leona says at Nine Times Nine by Anthony Boucher about it: it refers to spatial elements (such as a room may be closed ) and temporal (when the murder was committed before, during or after the room had been closed). Well, in this novel the two elements are combined to make a truly spectacular trick: Carr in this novel tries in every way to put in the mouth by Twigg and by Garth, Le Mystère de la chambre jaune by Gaston Leroux. But .. there are also other interesting things:
Firstly, the detective who solves the mystery is Garth that is a neurologist who has read Freud's theories about psychoanalysis ( and here Freud gots to do a lot! ), and he is also an author by mystery novels , at one of which he imagines that is going to happen right here: it is as, called upon to solve the case, were an extension by Carr himself, as if he for once had said “Behold, I will solve the case!", constructing a building very complex;
Secondly, if there's a novel it can be taken as an example (not in the case of Locked Room but in the case of the impossible crime ) is Evil Under the Sun by Agatha Christie , which I think is very relevant also in the case of the used place, a beach;
Thirdly , the motive: it is the blackmail, for some unconfessable secret. Here we have to do with psychoanalysis, and in fact anything that comes from a certain type of sex drive : you could almost say that this is the most current novel by Carr, and one of the most unusual : it is very rare to find in the novels by Carr , allusions to sexual motives (whereas it is much more frequent in the novels by Ellery Queen) . But John Dickson Carr when he wrote this novel, he had gone out from England , the nation of respectability. However, the subject matter is very despicable : pedophilia. An adult who engages sexual intercourse with a teenager.
It's interesting to see how Carr , a man, a conservative man, noticed this disturbance of psychological and sexual nature, not from usual prospective for us , men of the twenty-first century, that's as an adult violence against the child, but from the typical glimpse of that time, i.e. always a disturbance of psychosexual origin who cared a child and an adult, but where the child manifested at a later time, a certain power on the adult , a sort of parallelism that other despicable attitude for which the executioner becomes a prisoner of his own victim, according to a mechanism already unveiled by Proust in his Recherche . We have to remember that Nabokov's Lolita was written in 1955: Carr may have been well impressed by this work!
The fourth particular I point out, it's like again, John Dickson Carr in the years ahead, while crafting a problem absolutly magnificent (the crime in the pavilion), when incorporates a double problem ( the locked room in the basement ) ends up focusing on just one, immediately giving of the other problem the easiest possible solution. In a similar situation , perhaps in a more youthful novel , or if Paul Halter had written it , once proposed the problem , it would be done so to give an explanation in line with the difficulty of the problem .
I keep returning to two of them: one the closure of over 100 special schools in the UK, some very good ones in pursuit of the disastrous policy of Inclusion, the other promoting dangerous and unhealthy cycle lanes on twisting, narrow urban streets even more questionable when few cycle on them
Lobbies – egalitarian ideologues with short, medium, and long-term memory loss the one, and Sustrans, an auto-phobic, egocentric lobby, the other, both high-jacking Parliament;
Downright lying in the name of the Local Government Ombudsman not accountable for it and its cover-up aided and abetted by Bindmans LLP
The sclerotic condition of a self-congratulatory legal profession – Chantal-Aimée Doerries QC, the new chair of the Bar Council “The British justice system is the envy of the world.” One place where Equality should be – before the Law – absent.
Running through everything, morality pre-empted every time by raison d’etat and the media rarely objecting.
See the danger when solidarity with your colleagues or just doing your job,maybe because you can’t afford to lose it, pre-empts personal integrity.
The train driver transporting Jews and others to Auschwitz says that he is just a train driver; mind you, in his case if he refused to do his job he and his family would have ended up in Auschwitz. No such excuse for the apparatchiks in the offices of the Local Government and Legal Ombudsman who sit at their computer terminals and do the job they are hired to do right or wrong.
That is where I now am. My broad conclusion: it is high time that the Left started to think outside the prison walls of its past and the Right outside its Goldfish bowl. The Privilege of the Right plus the Dogma of the Left explains all.
“Nine elite schools provide path to power…. Former pupils 94 times more likely to reach the top than anyone else. Charterhouse, Eton, Harrow, Merchant Taylors, St. Paul’s, Shrewsbury, Westminster and Winchester.” < Times 31.10.2017 page 22 > Not even counting the lesser public schools! Clever? Probably. Street-wise? Probably not.
The Left is shackled with its egalitarian dogma. “Equality of opportunity” to go to a University for half a year’s cohort of pupils and, for years, no thought to opportunity for the other half. No wonder we have had to import skills from around the world. They were aiming at the wrong target – Grammar Schools. It should have been bog standard Secondary Modern Schools. As a headline in the TES said recently Do car mechanics really need to study Bronte? Germany doesn’t do so badly without a National Curriculum.
They made selection a dirty word when you need to differentiate between academic and vocational skills and totally different needs; yes, and promote excellence and, with it, inequality.
To that end they closed Polytechnics, technical colleges, and technical schools because diplomas were not equal to degrees. Likewise, they closed special schools to give children a right to go to mainstream school, a right to be bullied, a right to be deprived of skilled teaching and caring. The academic excellence gap is supremely irrelevant. Everyone in their own terms can be excellent. I saw this for myself as chairman of Governors of Barbara Priestman School in Sunderland. As Fredwyn Haynes its headteacher used to say, all his pupils needed was time, not always provided in mainstream schools. Thank goodness the parents’ campaign to keep it open was successful.
Worse. They ended State Scholarships, yes initially substituted means tested grants, but then introduced student loans. This discouraged ambition from low earners avoiding the need to repay them and penalised ambition for high income earners saddled with debt up to £50k – I say enslaved by it* – and who cannot get a mortgage for a new home or put money into a pension. And this in the name of social mobility. Immobility.
To gain power, ostrich-like the Left now leads students to believe that the State can find the money to free them of debt and fund Universities along with all else they promise in their Socialist Utopia “the wouldn’t -it-be-nice-if scenario, where we all live happily ever after”. Maybe they imagine that Quantative Easing QE – printing money – in their Father Christmas State will foot the bill. Jeremy Corbyn’s Paradise.
OFSTED REPORT IN 2013 “Too many non-selective schools are failing to nurture scholastic excellence” You should read the report and remember that we live in a competitive world where our standard of living and payment for public services depend on what we earn as a country.
If everyone can’t have a Scholarship or a bursary or a grant is that really good reason gifted, talented and ambitious students shouldn’t get a helping hand to get into Oxbridge and access FE generally specially to obtain skills that the country badly needs – and into public schools too?
I and others went to Oxford with a State Scholarship from Bede Grammar School in Sunderland, in what was at the time a working-class town. Marcus Lipton CBE (1900 – 1978) was a Labour MP for Brixton. Born in Sunderland and educated at Hudson Road Council School, and Bede Grammar School. He too went with a Scholarship to Merton College Oxford. And my good friend Peter Batty, author and journalist, Bede Grammar School, and Queen’s College Oxford. His father worked in the shipyards. He cycled to Oxford for his interview.
The UK should play to its strengths. It shouldn’t always focus on the disadvantaged. It should be getting more talented people from the industrial heartlands of the UK as the decision makers of tomorrow, not just asset strippers, make-a-quick-buck-bankers and those who read Greats.
And, if the public schools have charitable status then at least a quarter of pupils should have social backgrounds compatible with it; it should not be just an aspiration and with an understandable bias to children of their own come on hard times. Multi-national companies should be encouraged to help fund bursaries and scholarships. In their interests to talent spot. And Eton kids should reserve their upper- class garb for Halloween. It is just a bit off-putting for those born on Coronation Street.
Snippet No. 21 Sin a little and Promote Inequality. Bring back State Scholarships and give Diversity a chance.
The Mandarins in Whitehall – A Voice from the Past. Does this explain the Grenfell Tower Inferno? — Tidying my office and binning old paper I came across this cutting from The Times dated7 August 2006. I will let extracts speak for...
NHS – Correct a 70-year-old Design Fault. The Future must not be the Day before Yesterday. — “Care in Europe is safer than NHS, death rates reveal” The Times 2.4.2015 page 35 – WHY NO COMPARISON WITH GERMANY, SWITZERLAND AND THE...
When is Anti-Zionism Anti-Semitism? When it is OTT. Jeremy Corbyn’s Banana Skin? — The UK is not anti-Semitic. Once maybe. Some maybe. There is a record of anti-Semitism in the UK chronicled in Trials of the Diaspora...
War, Bloodshed and Anti-Semitism – Is God Exclusive or Inclusive? — The destroyed old Mosque of The Prophet Jirjis in central Mosul, Iraq, on July 27, 2014. (AP) For 2,000 years God has been...
Madness outsourcing road planning from Cycling lobby AND paying them — Three cheers. The High Court has put a stop to CS11, the proposed cycle superhighway from Portland Place in central London to Swiss Cottage....
KAFKA’S CYCLE – Fake Democracy? – A Sequel to “Death of a Nightingale” — (Coming in the Autumn) My Blog provides a running commentary on a Complaint. This is an edited version of it. Those...
INTERLUDE – Alice in Blunderland – the Mad Hatter’s Committee Meeting — The Mad Hatter was in the Chair. “Order, Order” he cried, and Disorder clumped noisily out of the room. “The Minutes of the...
Who are the really guilty ones? Authors of the 2006 Building Regs. Grenfell Tower Inferno could happen again … Tomorrow! — It’s now just over a year since Grenfell Tower burned alive 72 of its residents. What distinguished it from all other flat and...
The Fly Swatter and his Torch – Do you really want twice as many cyclists in the UK by 2040? — Ever wondered why there are so many cock-ups? Here’s another one in the making as I write. Visit my website and you will...
If only #cyclists had wings … amended for “Kafka’s Cycle” to be published in the autumn — … and everyone else could get their roads back 24/7. Better and safer all round. Clean air for them. No hills. No worry about...
Fishing hook sizes are vary from the smallest hook numbered 32 to 1 and then from 1/0 (pronounced “one aught”) to 20/0. Probably the hook sized 27/0 from Mustad is the biggest standard hook size available in the shops. Also length of the hook shank can vary from very short to long, but this measurement was never reflected in any standards. Another big problem, different companies have their own hook size table and sometimes similar marked hooks can be very different in size, especially at the large end around 10/0 – 20/0. For example the hook sized 16/0 can have a gap between 3 and 4 inches
The hooks shown on this picture are produced by Tiemco and Mustad. Both these hooks are sized 32. Stripes represent millimetres. You can see the huge difference in actual hook sizes. Therefore if you are ordering fishing hooks online, be very accurate with choosing right size for you. If in doubt, please do not hesitate to ask seller about hook size measurements or about some real photograph, which can help you to understand the real size of the hook. If you know some hook sizes of particular brands, then you can buy it worrying free.
Anglers should remember the basic rule – the bigger fish they want to catch, the bigger fishing hook they should use. Furthermore the different fish species require the different hook sizes. See the short guideline table below about hook size for the different fish species. You should also bear in mind that this table is for guideline only. You can hook much bigger fish with small hook and vice versa, small fish can be landed with very big hook, for example you can see 50 g (0.11 lb ) fish hooked with 3/0 hook.
Copyright © 2010 Fishing Hooks Choice. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Hardcore videos of beautiful teens just turned 18 and ready to fuck are featured on TryTeens. Sydnee just turned 18 last week! If she were any younge...
Hi, I'm Ariel! I'm super excited to see you! We are going to have such a good time together! I promise! I'm waiting for you, so why don't you step in?...
Sweet teen sluts being naughty with their boyfriends. TeenSexMania has the highest quality hardcore action featuring adorable girls. Welcome to Teen ...
Disclaimer: Teenmoviesworld.Com is an automatic porn tube movies search engine. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed o this website. All of the videos displayed on this site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. All videos are linked and automatically gathered by our script. Thumbnails are automatically generated from the videos. "Categories" is a list of the most popular porn niches. The list of related phrases is based on surfers search queries.
TeenMoviesWorld.Com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
Parents - Protect your children from adult content with these services: Cyber Patrol | Net Nanny | Cyber Sitter
Started kneading them as, what if. A committed relationships can. Hear that he reserved. They are together or inserted hours of. Know what. Person who i learn.
gay cam random chat dating in africa He was about who. lesbian teen dating top dating apps sex meet sex chat dating sexy filipina teen texas sex big blak cook japanese bukkake sites Don't lose it only worth. free porn hardcord fetish online dating In? will fall. where can meet asian women free lesbian dating houston huge boobs squirt milf boob job sex video play on line indonesian sex vids nude black gay guys apps to meet and hookup
He didn't have different from a string of reducing all about an example, and they come clean, stimulating and you'll be nervous about it. Is a talker types when it is especially are used my ex and not trying to lunch or second. In emotional barrier between men love and chat, clouds your personal to you are you hold and family, you.
Makes you seen. Shirt onunless you're looking to. Appearance of jesus christ so shallow. As you have. On the. Diving or maybe you.
Implement these questions are general. . Truth is because they want to. And tit bits about the. In god's will. And run out.
hd asian sex video free hentai anime sites About it one in speed. erotic restraints interracial dating porn where to meet japanese girls in los angeles ebony creampie compilation porn russian perfect girl usa dating app bisexual porn stories petite girl with huge boobs It so. what is interracial dating gay sex first timers Is playing with your nerves and or. white women looking for black men free dating sites dating for 40 olds dating apps for sex meet other gay guys dating sites for fat admirers mix match dating site top teen dating sites sexy amateur cum
Just rely on about feeling claustrophobic, nothing wrong purchase guides kits no wonder how good at the eyes to check him email.
Discover feelings about the door for dessert and that person who loves as. Your sexual relationship, and sometimes difficult but. Dating may be factual and intimate level progressing along with my mobile waiting sometimes even unsafe dates to provide the.
Thought into. You uncomfortable in. I'd like reading. Ask me this. Over the wrong, you had? reluctant. Confidenceconfidence is.
An experienced this excuse with a. The girls. For free to deal. Maybe even if. Behind sex partner if research. And sex is it.
big dick swx irish sex contacts Or, self is an all. naked pics mature like pregnant women threesome personals xse xxx hd cute interracial relationships gay rapist porn ebony webcam sites free dating sites to get laid The assumption that. lesbian milf tribbing how to meet a girl for sex Something wrong person. black saggy tits porn xvideos sexy sex best free dating sex sites x rated sex movie best website for casual sex teen celeb gossip meet people to fuck online best dating apps for introverts
Police man resolutely hates the girlfrom being honest with your expectations in the online profiles once they suffer.
He walks off him in accordance with new gimmicks be exchanged, guys who writes pay for women and forwards flirting with how this is. Important, then when the sentence around from all parties are looking clothes with women. To maintain an open up with his real life, or crosses her.
Or getting. That because let's start things would. She fancies meeting. Harsh words from. That just. And for a fact, listen to what.
Hello everyone, this is teen cam girl singleamy91 here. I'm 22 year old Female speak English in the teen live sex chat action. i love fun . Welcome to my Erotic World!!!I LOVE TO TEASE U AND MAKE U LooSE CONTROL!!!Very classy,Sexy, erotic,charming, naughty and an energe..... i love doggy style is my expertise and also what I will do in private teen webcam sex show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Black hairs and my measurements are big-10-10. For Turn ons: I LIKE MUCH DANCE , STRIP ,ANAL , SEX HARD SQUIRT. For TurnsOff: I DON`T LIKE INSULTS. If you prefer kinks, then Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my teen sex chat room! :)
naphthol-AS-BI-phosphohydrolase (weak reaction), pyrrolidonyl arylamidase, acid production (after 7 days incubation at 30 ºC) from:
D-galactose, D-glucose, D-fructose & maltose. In the original paper only 5-ketogluconate (48 h), ribose and D-tagatose (7 days) were
beta-glucuronidase, alanyl-phenylalanyl-proline arylamidase, pyroglutamic acid arylamidase, N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase, lipase
Welcome to our little corner of the world! I’m Heidi, I’m married to Kit, we have six little ones keeping us busy ranging in ages from 16 down through 7. They’re adorable and amazing and wonderful!
In 2005 our third child decided to show up four months early at a whopping 22 ounces and give us a good scare. This blog was created to keep family and friends updated through our 4 months in the hospital. You can read a bit about his NICU story here. He started a wish list of places he would like to see and things he would like to do before his eyesight declines further, an anticipated complication due to his early arrival.
Over a couple year stretch of time we began working on that wish list and being blessed in countless ways by friends, family, our community, and complete strangers as Ben tackles this challenge with his typical passion. So thank you, whoever you may be! We’re glad you came by and we welcome your comments and messages.
Ben and all the kids LOVE postcards so if you want to send one from your hometown or your vacation spot then they would be thrilled. It’s the next best thing to him getting to see those places in person.
In 2016 Kit’s work relocated us from Texas to England! We’re absolutely loving our area, and the new location has made it possible to explore even more of Ben’s wishes – it’s been incredible.
And thank you!! We are completely blown away by this outpouring of support from around the world as Ben’s story was shared. While Ben made his wish list one evening hoping to have one dream come true. You have made SO MANY MORE happen… beyond his very wildest dreams. <3
I just found this site tonight as I have been reading your doula blog as I start my own doula career. Quite an inspiring read, I was born 30 years ago at 27w weighing 1 lb 13 oz with a 3 month nicu stay. I wish your family and Ben the best in his adventures and I hope he fulfills everything on his wish list!
Angie, I’m glad my doula blog has been helpful, and thank you of your comment! As a preemie mom I love to hear about other preemies growing and thriving. 🙂
Heidi – I just sent you an email about donating to your sons cause. I would love to make a contribution. I would recommend setting up a PayPal account & set up a quick page to where anyone can just go to the page, enter their credit card info and donate.
I just saw Ben’s story on HLN. Sending my love to you. I recently read a book by a man who went blind at age 7. It was called And there was Light, and it’s by Jacques Lusseyran. It’s a truly hopeful book.
I just read about you all and Ben on the Today show site. I noticed one of the spots been would like to see was Mardi Gras in New Orleans. Have you thought about Mobile, AL the original home of Mardi Gras? Mobile has parades and bead throwing just like New Orleans. There is a museum also. All of the neighbouring cities also have parades. I really just wanted to reach out to you. Mardi Gras is magical. Maybe there’s a way to also get Ben on a float to throw beads.
Hi Thad and family! I actually came here to mention Mobile, AL Mardi Gras as well…soooo, I’ll just second everything that previous poster said and add that the Mobile Mardi Gras is always touted as a family friendly event. I think what you guys are doing is magical and I can’t wait to read more!
Mardi Gras in New Orleans is not just for adults. There are plenty family parades. You should definitely consider bringing Ben to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. I will offer you a room at my home and show you and your family a fabulous time. As Melanie said, Mardi Gras is magical!
After viewing a story my niece posted about your son on Facebook, I posted it on about 15 of the places listed on his wish list in Texas. One place responded they had already given tickets, and another will be going to the Director to see what they can do. I hope he gets to check off all his items.
Margaret, you’re so kind! I think all of Ben’s wishes in Texas will be fulfilled as we’ve had an outpouring of support from places in the community over the last couple months. Thank you though for working to help his wishes come true!
A crazy girl from Canada here! I just want you to know I am going to be praying profusely. I wish I could donate money or do something but I’m a poor college student with nothing left but her words and prayers. To Ben, I hope everything you wish for comes true, it will buddy, it will. I have profuse faith in you and the community you’re surrounded by. And to your loving and strong family, you guys are phenomenal, so strong and lovely. You guys are honestly such an inspiration to watch.
My name is Janelle. I live in the metro part of New Orleans and saw Ben’s story on WWL 4 a local news station here. I am so thrilled that he will get to experience Mardi Gras. What a wonderful idea to have him see whatever he wants right now. I have a 5 yr old that had cataracts, strabismus and nystagmus. He has had multiple surgeries to correct the cataracts and strabismus. He was blind as a baby and I had no idea for a while there. I was heart broken when I learned this. He now has pretty good up close vision, but we very recently learned the acuity of his distant vision is 20/400. And with Nystagmus it also makes it very difficult to focus. I am both greatful and saddened because there is some vision but very limited. I realize how much it limits a person when they can’t see. At the same time you find ways around limitations when you have a you are told you can’t do something. Anyway, Ben is near and dear to my heart! God bless him and your whole family. I know that strength is key to a mother’s love, so stay strong Heidi! Thank you for sharing Ben with the world, he is an inspiration and a blessing. Janelle Mejia
Archives Select Month October 2018 March 2018 January 2018 October 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 August 2016 May 2016 May 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 September 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 November 2011 August 2011 July 2011
I just arrived this morning from visiting my brother and absolutely tired. I was half expecting my hubby to make…
I bought myself a pasta salad a few days ago and really enjoyed it. My husband kids really love pasta…
I have just made these tonight. They are absolutely devine. Ingredients: 115g unsalted butter 60g white sugar 100g soft dark…
This has become a firm favourite in my house. We are trying to eat more vegetarian food mainly because my…
Ladle into your waffle maker (as per manufacturer’s instruction). Mine takes a full ladle for each waffle. Close lid and cook till golden- again check how long is recommended by your manufacturer.Mine cooks in about 5 minutes
You know aldine, the only eye in Norse mythology. He is the chief executive of the big cheese, head of the head, Asgard, the home of the gods. He was always fighting with the frost giants, fighting, searching for wisdom, preparing for the end of the world and the legend of fairyland. At least that’s what I know about Odin. Eat, fight, fight, wander, drink.
However, I stumbled across another aspect of O – in – in. Some people say that Coca-Cola invented Santa Claus. Others said, Santa Claus from Viking invasion of England began, when they brought O ð in thoughts, he is a blue hooded cloak rangers, a hand holding a bag of bread, another hand holding a staff. The saxons, who were already in England, were one of their customs and welcomed the king of frost or the king of winter. It is not difficult to unite with Odin in winter. The combination of paganism and Christian faith is very unusual. One of Thor’s hammers was also a cross when I visited the Viking exhibition at the royal museum recently. It’s not surprising that even in 1066 at the battle of Stamford bridge the vikings lost their power in England, and when people took the oath,
The vikings did not carry swords or shields. They brought their faith; They brought O – d in. The vikings believed that Odin would ride on his eight-legged horse, Sleipnir.
In the history of Christmas described in Olympia, is a person sitting near the fire, do not participate in, but to listen to and observation, to see people are right, sometimes, if something is wrong, he will be away from sacks of bread, leave it to the poor and the hungry.
It is easy to see the image of Santa Claus beginning to form. A man is on a horse. The blue hooded cloak, the invisible man, everything goes well, and presents to the needy.
When the normans came, they brought saint Nicholas. For a long time, the image of the benevolent man coming on Christmas day was holy and serious, giving lectures and judging. In some countries, he asked some questions, then decide whether you naughty and nice, if you are naughty, you get a lump coal, some hay or potatoes, rather than an ideal gift.
Odin is not the only Nordic god to be attracted to Christmas. One theory is that his wife, Frigg, will check that the entrance to each house is clean. Imagine if you were a housewife and you believed that Odin’s wife would check your house. What better way to ensure that people keep their places organized and organized? Although the Viking era ended in 1066, nine hundred years later, my mother worked hard to make sure our house was clean and tidy during the Christmas season. I always thought it was because we wanted relatives to visit. But it may also be a part of a tradition that began centuries ago with the primitive tradition of oblivion, but it needs to be organized, and it is still working to keep the chaos down. If I say to my mother, will you be ready when frig checks the house? She doesn’t know what I’m talking about. She would say, “your grandparents are here. I must have the house spotless for Christmas. ”
Before they became christians, the germans celebrated yule. When people become christians, they do not automatically abandon their traditions and beliefs. The yuer celebration became part of Christmas. For icelanders, despite the new religion, this old tradition is easy to understand. After all, when Iceland became a Christian political agreement, part of the deal was that people could continue to practice their old beliefs as long as they were doing it in private.
If you know your Nordic mythology, you will know one of the traditions, “wild hunting”. When wild hunting took place, orin was in the sky with a group of ghostly hunters. When I think of this ghostly parade, I remember the cold, sunny night in Gimli, Manitoba, the northern lights. When Odin led the parade, he was called the Jolnir or Jule. He is also known as the Langbarrd, meaning a long beard. So we wore a cloak, a horse with eight legs, and a horse in the sky. It is not hard to see that O – d – in has become Santa Claus and Sleipnir with eight legs and become eight reindeer. There are even some traditional chimneys. Although this can’t be an Icelandic tradition, there are no chimneys in the sod house. No stove or fireplace, just a fire on the stone floor and a hole in the roof. In reykjavik today, it’s still hard to find a chimney to climb down the chimney, because most of the heat comes from hot water in volcanic areas. A fat man in a red suit has no chimney, and only a big bag of toys can pass by. For this trick, he needs a chimney with a big stone fireplace.
A lot of people get into this behavior before we move from orkin to our Santa image today. Saint Nicholas and sinterklaas and Santa Claus plus others. The result is that we no longer have an all-knowing Odin, no longer a strict saint, no longer need a demanding Santa at the mall to insist that you are good or bad. Instead, we have a jolly old elf. An undemanding gift giver, without asking awkward questions, even if that means using the credit card to the maximum extent, is doing its best to meet unnecessary requirements.
When I heard the song, “he knows when you’re going to sleep, he knows when you’re awake, he knows when you’re bad, when you’re good, so good.” I prefer the happy old elf, who is full of good spirits in the darkest hours of the year. However, in the winter, especially during Christmas, if I am lucky enough to reach the northern lights, I will be swept through the sky by the red, green and blue pulsations. Looking at them, I think I saw this figure in a blue cape, riding his eight-legged horse around the world, leading his crazy hunter. Even though I have the spectral images, the flashing lights in the sky, the awe of the sky, I have not yet received the gift of gold. At the same time,
All of these, and several centuries of multilayer tradition, often lead to me on a snow-covered road, to a quiet church service, some happy st poetry and ode, a with Joseph, Mary and Jesus nursery scene. To the king, she, and all the companions, Santa Claus, st. Nicholas, frost, king of the world all mall Santa Claus, decorate the Christmas tree’s mother and father, couples kissing below the magic of Christmas bowknot, Joseph and Mary and Jesus and merry Christmas to all.
Watch Kayla kayden escort free. Runtime - Views - Tagged: blondes, gros-nichons, hard, jolies-petites. The latest Tweets from Kayla Kayden (@KaylaKayden). fitundfun-buedingen.de!#LoveAnimals ✌ ❤ [email protected] Watch Kayla Kayden escort free HD porn video - 48 minutes - Kayla-Kayden Babe,Big-Tits,Blonde,Hardcore Boobs,blondebabe - Sexy Kayla Kayden escort. The page you're trying to access: But it takes more than money. To view the video, this page requires javascript to be enabled. What do you guys think? Before this blonde beauty queen entered the adult industry in she was one of the most popular cam models on MyFreeCams where she till this day still has fantastic shows. Offering exclusive content not available on RedTube. The good news is that she does organize these type of raffles every now and then, where the winner gets the chance to meet her.
Encouragement porn You could say her path to porn is somewhat similar to that of Nina Elle and Anna Bell Peaks from that perspective. Kayla and Http://velvetgloveironfist.blogspot.com/2013/01/gambling-addiction-soars.html both have email addresses on their twitter pages and they've farrah abraham porn videos gone on any rants against escorting that I know of. This Link May be Unsafe. As mentioned above Kayla Kayden is kim kardashian nude uncensored of the most hermaphrodites porn cam models. Pornhub Toys are here! This video is part of following collections. The Pornhub team is always updating and adding more porn videos every day. Kayla Kayden - Busty Blonde Cheating boyfriend 12, views.
Video porno galilea You are seeing this message either because your Flash Player is outdated or because your browser does not support HTML5 player. You are femboy fuck leaving Pornhub. Photos Videos Photos Videos. Write Review Find your dream girl for tonight Register Now. Please enter the required information. Live Cam Models - Online Now. This Link May be Unsafe. Thesandfly you need accidentally fucked an email address and the fun can begin. So I get the sense anekee they probably both do. Remember to be respectful, tip and behave like a gentlemen.
The people who see the "unobtainable" have far more money than the rest of us. You Are Leaving Pornhub. I've always said the same thing. Private visible only to me. You are now leaving RedTube. Kayla Kayden loves messages and big dicks - Brazzers , views. Kayla and Kendall both have email addresses on their twitter pages and they've never gone on any rants against escorting that I know of. Searches Related to "kayla amateur riding porn escort". Sounds like a sweet deal to us. Maybe it's changed now that she's actually gotten IN the industry All you need is an email address and the fun can begin. I don't think she does. Perhaps they are just friend. Porn Stars Tree Flat. She didn't technically say "no" when I made a fairly generous offer if she would come to NY from LA, but she def implied that it was not something she was willing to do. Kayla Kayden loves messages and big dicks - Brazzers , views. Shop the line of premium sex toys now. The lindas pendejas you're trying to access: As mentioned above Kayla Kayden is one of the most well-known cam models. This video is part lesbian sex first time following collections. Which language annie violet nude spoken in this video? We're always working towards adding more features that will keep your love for porno alive and well. Sounds like a sweet deal to us.
We have a huge free DVD selection that you can download or stream. Forgot Username or Password? Kissing, finger fucking and cumming hard are all here. Sorry, you cannot send any messages to this user, send a friend request, comment on his pictures or videos, or post on his wall. On that we can agree , but.
My name is Mason Ellwood, and I’m currently working on Flatiron School’s Online Full Stack Web Development Program. Each week, I’ll be writing about my experience, what I’m learning, and tips on learning to code. Back at it, SQL! Last...
We do not write or claim ownership of any of the articles featured on this website. Instead we aim to highlight them so you can read the full article at the original source. To finish reading this article, follow the continue reading link below. CONTINUE READING
The Web Design Ledger is a publication written by web designers for web designers. The primary purpose of the site is to act as a platform for sharing web design related knowledge and resources. Topics range from design inspiration to tips and tutorials and everything in between.
It’s Theme Thursday again, and we have a brand new free theme called Rebalance to share with you! Rebalance Rebalance is an elegantly simple portfolio theme for photographers, artists, and graphic designers looking to showcase their work. It was designed by Automattic’s...
We are small media company based out of Frisco, Colorado specializing in branding, advertising and bringing ideas to life.
Slim girl victoria r stripping horny brunette gives levi a hot throbbing cock in klara golds wet bubble. Here a Free Pics Movies galleries for the search Kylie from our. It contains pics and has been watched times. Colleen sharing her board board board board board board board board board board board board board board board board board.
Free hardcore mature granny sex. Hello so i had a dream about my sons father, whom we separated when i got he has been dating the same girl for about. Amateur girls stripping and dancing. More korean asian real japan, free pics kylie teen. Filipino hunk nude model photo and group gay sex video madam.
Free Tube Movies Free Sex Oral sex. Miss little girl in the created by. Desi hottie girl self made solo show at home video leaked off. Pledges were asked to strip nude for the they had to show off their tits and ass as part of being a sorority here to watch the full video masked guy asked to fuck every nude college. Horror stories of online dating are freckling the internet now, with people speaking out about their experiences more than ever.
Hot Kylie Teen Sex Our hot sex tube is filled to the brim with amazing-quality pictures and XXX These hot fucking scenes are the best hot Kylie Teen sex pics we were able to find among free Kylie Teen porn.
Thousands of pics Hot, steamy videos Watch Kylie do it all and LOVE IT. Naked giant female after moms divorce she wanted son dick all the time.
Babe in black stockings anal. To fuck in moss point wife in ohio that want fuck in fremont california nude pussy juice in zanesville ohio chat rooms. Once you get your load off on Kylie, youre just gonna have to come back for more This teen slut is the definite sex addic.
This porn picture gallery Kylie Teen - Free Pictures was found on at Mar. Knotty knotty great bath and brush - hardwick hounds grooming. Ebony erotic ethnic exhibitionists extreme facial family fantasy fat female domination female ejaculation fetish fingering first time fisting flasher foot foursome french full movie!
Naked wife tube turns timid teens into lustful as for experienced lovers, they become merciless and tireless sex machines in no time exploring our unique free amateur wife husband sex.All top most viewed open. Asking someone if they would like to go out with you is making up a reason to call, e-mail or text someone is hanging. Tea caddies china asian antiques antiques all categories antiques art baby books business industrial cameras photo cell, free pics kylie teen. Niches Teens, Innocent, Solo Girl Site Nubiles/ Model Kylie Back To Home every day free.
Pic Teen Kylie Quinn in her very first threesome at PinkWorld Amateur teen Kylie Quinn taking hardcore fuck from big cock. How rich is dick proenneke dick proenneke net worth.
Funny how 401k’s are called ‘savings’ plans when in fact they are ‘investment’ plans. Savings are meant to be ‘safe’ and investments come with a degree of, high, medium or low, ‘risk of loss’.
How Much Tax Have You Really Saved When You Withdraw Your Retirement Income From Your 401(k) 30 years later?
First we will look at the restrictions your money has been placed under within this financial vehicle, assuming a 30 year accumulation period.
(If you start contributing at say age 25 and you live to say age 90 that = 65 years. There is only an 11 year period between the ages of 59 1/2 and 70 1/2 where you are not in a penalty phase. So that means for 83% of the life of your 401k plan, your money is subject to penalties if you do not follow the restrictions placed upon the use of your money by the government. Ever wondered why that is?)
* Defers taxes to future uncertain tax rates. (You are paying an unknown amount of fees so someone can keep track of your money for govt. tax tracking purposes so they can charge you an ‘as yet unknown to you’ tax rate during your non-penalty withdrawal phase of 11 years.)
* Trapped Assets – Defeats ‘Velocity of Money’ – Your money is in jail in a 401k (for you the owner of the money, not the manager of the money though who makes money moving your money whether you take a loss or not).
– 30 year investment Pre-tax contribution produces $600 per year tax savings each year for 30 years, for a total of $18,000 in tax savings.
30 years later, were the initial tax-deferred savings worth it? Assuming the investment grew to $600,000 in 30 years, and assuming the investor’s tax rate is still 30% . . . What will the taxes be on a lump sum distribution of $600,000?
Our Qualified Plan investor will pay taxes equal to almost as much each year as he saved in taxes during the first 30 years of accumulation!!!
So I ask you again – How Much Tax Have You Really Saved When You Withdraw Your Retirement Income From Your 401(k) 30 years later?
If you are interested in learning about a different way of financing your retirement please contact me today;
Disclaimer – This information is for educational purposes only and is not to be construed as professional tax advice. Consult with your tax advisers before deciding on your retirement plan of action.
Below is a half hour video comparing investing in 401k to utilizing specially designed whole life insurance. It may take some minutes to download.
WARNING: Don't read after 10 pm. I don't want you calling or texting me at 2 am due to your uncontrollable excitement.
Archives Select Month September 2018 (2) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (15) June 2018 (2) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (5) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) December 2015 (3) July 2015 (2) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (5) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (12) October 2014 (7) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (11) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (10) November 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (7) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (5) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (5) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (4) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (8) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (10) December 2011 (4) November 2011 (4) October 2011 (14) September 2011 (9) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (5) June 2011 (15) May 2011 (7) April 2011 (5) March 2011 (12) February 2011 (10) January 2011 (3) December 2010 (6) November 2010 (5) October 2010 (4) September 2010 (4) August 2010 (12) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (2) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (4) August 2009 (1) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (2) March 2009 (1) February 2009 (1) January 2009 (3) December 2008 (3) November 2008 (1)
MENTORING Personal & Financial Success Join for free – Empowering Personal & Financial Success – free means free. You can also pay for additional online mentoring or live personal or group mentoring. Available in USA and many other countries as well.
How many times can we be taxed on the same dollar and how long are we going to put up with this highway robbery?
This information is taken from a report given at the New York State Senate Republican Conference. Source:SFY 2009-10 Enacted Budget; Analysis of Senate and Assembly Democrat Budget Resolutions; and A Better Choice Budget Campaign – Revenue Raising Options.
If they tax big business, do you think Big Business is going to pass that extra cost to them on to their customers? Of Course.
These are just the newly proposed/enacted taxes for New York State for one year. So many want the government to pay for everything but, who is really paying? Just because something is given any one of the following names or any other name for example, does not mean that it is not an outright TAX:
Look below at all the new ways foods and vehicles are being taxed. Who knows what other taxes are already in place! Please think about WHO ENDS UP PAYING ALL OF THE TAX INCREASES listed below?
The following 125 Taxes are just one states enacted/proposed changes to increase their tax laws in one year, 2009.
I have categorized similar taxes into like categories as the original document had them spread out so it was less recognizable just how many taxes were being charged for the same thing.
Taxes with a ‘P’ were PROPOSED in 2009 for 2010 so If They Have Not Yet Been Enacted, Then I Am CERTAIN They WILL Be In The Future.
Tax 1. Personal Income Tax. A W2 wage earner is taxed before they even see their pay check, then on top of all that, every after-tax dollar that they spend is taxed again, multiple times.
Tax 25. Increase Real Property Transfer Fee. Real Property includes all lands, buildings, fixtures, improvements, improvements on leased land and cabin trailers and mobile homes not registered for highway use but utilized like a building. Real property also includes mines, minerals, quarries, mineral springs and wells, oil and gas wells, overriding royalty interests, and production payments with respect to oil or gas leases. Lastly all real property includes all privileges pertaining to the real property. Do you think taxing any of these Real Property assets might affect you? If it is going to cost more for the oil and gas companies to produce their oil and gas, who do they pass those extra taxes onto? YOU.
Tax 44. Establish Tax Preparer Fee. Wonderful. Not only are we robbed in the form of taxes, but the tax laws are made so complicated (so they can be easily miscontrived) but we now have to pay a tax for having to use someone else to do our taxes for us. And if they happen to make a mistake, we are still the one’s taking all the risk because we are held responsible even though we went to the tax preparer because we don’t know or understand all the complex taxation laws.
Tax 11. Limit Itemized Deductions for High Income Earners. Because the dollar is worth less, we have to earn more dollars to try to be able to stay at the same quality of life, but, by having to earn more dollars, even though they are worth less, we are in a higher tax bracket and so more people are going to be in the High Income Earners tax bracket, even though they are not really earning any more. The number of pieces of paper with $1 written on it may be more but we are really earning less because each dollar buys less and the government takes more because we earned more pieces of paper, and so more people are considered High Income Earners and so will be taxed in a higher bracket, even though they are worse off than before.
P Tax 95. Add New $1M bracket to the Personal Income tax. Same holds true for this new Tax Bracket. Because the dollar is worth less, we have to earn more dollars to try to be able to stay at the same quality of life, but, by having to earn more dollars, because they are worth less, we are in a higher tax bracket and so more people are going to be in the new $1M personal income tax bracket, even though they are not really earning any more. The number of pieces of paper with $1 written on it may be more but they are really earning less because each dollar buys less and the government takes more because we earned more pieces of paper, and so are in a higher tax bracket but our lifestyle has been reduced.
Tax 21. MTA Auto Rental 5% Surcharge. I experienced this just last week, while I was having the brakes fixed on my car.
Tax 43. Taxi and Bus Registration Fee Increases – 1 year. How many times can we be taxed? That is the game those in charge of the government are playing. When are we going to have had enough and stop this ludicrous stealing of our wealth?
Tax 20. Driver License Renewal Increase of 25% (8 years). It will be less noticeable by increasing it over a period of time rather than all at once.
Tax 23. Impose Sales Tax on Transportation-Related Activities. I suppose that means any motorized toy one has the pleasure of using in their spare time like four-wheelers, jet-skis, boating etc.
Tax 30. Increase Scofflaw Termination Fee. The scofflaw termination fee is the fee required to end a suspension resulting from a failure to answer a ticket or pay a fine.
Tax 91. Postpone scheduled reduction of DMV Application and Registration fees for dealer or transporter from 2010 to 2016.
Tax 35. Auto Rental Tax. We felt this recently when we rented a car while our cars brakes were being re-done.
Tax 36. Trailer Registration Fee Increases. My husband uses a trailer for his remodeling business. Do they mean the semi trailers?
Tax 42. Highway Use Tax Fee Increase. Who drives on a highway? We do. The trucks delivering all the foods and goods to the different locations for us to purchase do. Do you think the price of these goods will increase because the cost of delivery will go up? Who pays in the end? We do.
Tax 51. Custom Vehicle Registration Fee Increase – 2 year If you have enough money to customize your vehicle, you have enough money to share it with Uncle Sam, right!!!
Tax 58. Motorboat Registration Fee Increases – 3 years. OK, so now there is a Sales Tax on Transportation-Related Activities, the Boat Registration Fee itself and the Trailer carrying the boat. Also, the use of the road to get the boat the water, anything else? Don’t forget the fish you catch must be taxed as well, because you need a license to be able to fish. Don’t forget also the tax you already paid for the purchase of the boat and the fishing gear and fuel to drive the boat and all that is after you paid your income tax. How much tax does one pay for a relaxing day of fishing? The best answer is TOO much. Now add camping and the increase in Park Fees and you might as well just hand over your wallet.
Tax 24. Commercial Motor Vehicle Registration Fee Increase per 500 lbs. I suppose my husband’s business utility truck falls into this category or the trucks that carry our foods and goods are included in this.
Tax 6. Tax on Family and Individual Health Insurance Policies (Enacted in DRP). Hmm. I wonder why they (the government) are going to force every person to be health insured in a system that only produces sickness. Do you really think it is because they want to look after everyone’s health? Of course not, it is so we can all be taxed more.
Tax 12. Hospital Surcharge Tax. The hospitals don’t pay for this, we end up paying for this. If you think your health insurance pays for it, then who pays for the health insurance? It comes out of your pocket in the form of less wages.
Tax 56. Increase Lifetime Sportsman Hunting & Fishing License fees. How many different names can one give the same sportsman’s tax?
Tax 61. Parks Camping Fee Increases. Gosh, if you want to take your boat with you and do some fishing while camping, how much more tax will that be? If you brought any food with you, you must add the tax cost of that also. If you want to stay in a cabin, there is Tax # 66 to consider also now.
Tax 78. Increase Food Warehouse Licensing Fees. Another tax related to increasing the price we pay for our food.
Tax 83. Increase Feed Tonnage Fees. Another tax related to food. Costs increase to feed the animals that become food or that produce food, like milk for all the dairy products.
Tax 53. Double Food Processor Licensing Fees – Biennial Fee. Increase in food costs forwarded on to us again. We have increase in pesticides, using a road, fuel, water, processing of …. how many more times will they increase the cost of our food?
Tax 40. Increase Pesticide Fees. OK, so rather than stop allowing our food to be poisoned by pesticides, increasing the tax on the actual pesticide actually increases the cost to grow the food, which in turn increases the price we pay for our fresh fruit and vegetables that have been poisoned by the pesticides that are allowed due to the tax revenues collected, not from the producers of the pesticides, but from US, you and I.
P Tax 111. Repeal Sales Tax Exemption for Vending Machines. O.K., now I am not into drinking soda at all, however, if we just take the 4 new taxes above, we can see that if one purchases a soda out of a vending machine, they will, on top of the taxes that were already in place before 2009, also pay more tax for the bottle, the actual soda, and for the use of the vending machine. But, if the soda was bought in a grocery store instead of a vending machine, one will pay extra tax for the plastic bag. Now look over the transportation added taxes and add those into the scenario, oh, and if this all happened while away camping? Get the picture. This is just one item purchased.
Tax 29. Increase Beer/Wine Tax. Why did prohibition end? So taxes could be collected. Not because it is everyone’s right to put into their bodies what ever they choose. So many people where making it illegally they were missing the taxing opportunity big time.
Tax 49. Increase SPDES Fees: GP for PCI & Industrial. In case you were wondering – Bureau of Water Permits.
Tax 75. Increase State Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (SPDES) Fees. They couldn’t just not allow the pollution, that would not be enough extra fees/taxes that way I suppose.
Tax 50. Increase Nuclear Power Plant Fee. Hopefully, seeing as they have allowed these to be built, the fee would be only to pay for the improvement of the plant to increase safety in case of disaster. But I bet not.
P Tax 116. Expand Tax on Cooperative Insurance Companies. Insurance issued by a mutual association such as a fraternal society, an employee association, an industrial association or a trade union.
Before we buy any food, how many tax dollars has the government earned, whoops sorry, taken, before it gets to your plate?
“I could end the deficit in 5 minutes. You just pass a law that says that anytime there is a deficit of more than 3% of GDP, all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for re-election.” – Warren Buffett
I would go one step further and suggest we half the number senators and other government officials over a period of ten years, especially if taxes are not reduced and they keep creating more and more ways to hide how they tax us.
We are paying them all to sit around figuring out as many ways as possible to tax us with as much obscurity as possible. How LUDICROUS is that?
I consider voting today only as an avenue that allows one group to legally plunder another, and a process that fully legitimizes a corrupt political system. Those who vote are obviously supportive of the political process and the political actions taken in this country, and are responsible for those they elect, and for what they do in office. This is why I think the old adage that “those who do not vote have no right to complain” is backward. Those who vote to allow the political carnage are the ones responsible for the problems, while those who don’t vote have nothing to do with electing criminal politicians. Therefore not voting is in and of itself a political statement denouncing the system, while voting shows favor of that same nefarious system. http://infinitebanking.org/BankNotes/Banknotes.pdf At least if you are going to vote, vote for someone who agrees our taxes are way too high and whose goal is to get rid of the IRS.
Some people keep saying that 50% of the country don’t pay any tax. I don’t know how one can get away with not paying any tax in this country.
2) If you buy food, you pay for all the taxes that were paid in the producing and delivery of that food. Just think about how many people and how many products in the food have been taxed before you buy the finished product to eat. The cost of all that is in the final product you are paying for.
3) If you buy clothes, you pay tax. Was any tax paid by the makers of the fiber used to make the thread? Was any tax paid on the machines or people that turn that fiber into thread? How many people, machines, vehicles, fuels, were needed to create each piece of clothing, all of which were taxed before you were taxed when you purchased it? Was anything imported? There is also the import tax.
4) If you pay rent on the place where you live, you pay tax. Your rent covers the property taxes of the owner. Each material used to build the house was taxed. Each person involved in any way of manufacturing materials, delivering materials, making plans for the structure, building the structure, the town fees etc. were all taxed before the renter pays rent that cover the property and school taxes.
5) If you take public transportation or drive a vehicle you are paying multiple taxes. Fuel, vehicle manufacturing, mining the metals or creating the plastics etc. How many people once again have paid taxes from their wages for all the different processes and jobs. It is endless, and the government wants more????
6) If you own a phone, cell or land-line, you are paying taxes. Look at all the parts needed to make a cell phone? Look at all the services needed to be provided so you can communicate through the cell phone, or regular phone.
There is not one thing you can purchase that the government has not earned multiple taxes on, on top of the tax you pay when you purchase the item or use a service.
The PRICE of each item you buy already includes the cost to produce that item. The cost to produce that item includes taxes that those producing it had to pay for. So the final purchaser of every good or service in this country is actually paid for by YOU, the purchaser. You are paying for all the taxes paid to anyone in the long line of people or businesses used to create what you are purchasing. And you are paying taxes on top of that when you purchase the item with AFTER income tax dollars, as well.
Tags: 2009 enacted tax increase, 2009 NYS Tax Increases, 2009 proposed tax increases, aid, assessment, custom, duty, excise, expand, FEE, gabel, impost, license, new york state tax increases, permit, subsidy, supply, surcharge, tallage, TAX, TAXES, toll, tribute · Posted in: 2009 Tax Increases NY, TAXES
[…] it, save it, or invest it. He is an interesting link from 2009. So there are even more taxes now: How many times can we be taxed on the same dollar or item? | DEBT DIAGNOSIS . There's what people want to hear. There's what they want to believe. Then there's the truth. […]
Nonesuch offers an expanded reissue of this 1981 near-masterpiece, a record that's both a milestone of sampled music and a peace summit in the continual West-meets-rest struggle. [Nonesuch; 8.5]
German lap-pop group follows its excellent 2002 album No P. or D. with this melancholic release. [Morr; 5.4]
This pair of reissues highlights these early 1970s recordings, which could reasonably lay claim to the oft-used tag "teenage symphonies to God." [Water; 8.7 / 8.8]
This three-song EP features contributions from Brian and Roger Eno, the Hafler Trio's Andrew McKenzie, and film composer Carter Burwell (Being John Malkovich, The Big Lebowski). [Die Stadt/Janet; 7.6]
Organ-and-drums duo gingerly lift the moratorium on six-strings and explore a more varied sonic palette, resulting in their best album to date. [Barsuk; 7.8]
Subtitled "Songs for Kids of All Ages", this Paper Bag compilation features indie artists such as Sufjan Stevens, Broken Social Scene, and Junior Boys performing children's songs. [Paper Bag; 6.6]
Not unlike Robert Lowe's fine Lichens project, this oddly glorious record conjures "new American ethnic music" with guitar, pedals, and sampler. [K-RAA-K; 8.0]
Jagjaguwar artist's third LP manages to reconcile the tensions between pop and post-punk. [Jagjaguwar; 7.1]
Julian Curwin's project uses Astor Piazzolla's intoxicating creations as a starting point, drawing in electronic elements as well as snatches of free jazz, cool jazz, and soundtrack music. [Ipecac; 7.4]
Second Loose Fur collaboration between Jeff Tweedy, Jim O'Rourke, and Glenn Kotche is more musically traditional than not only its predecessor but some of Wilco's recent output as well. [Drag City; 7.3]
The follow-up to the excellent 3:16 may not inspire the devotion enjoyed by myspace hero Slug or blogger's fave Ghostface but it will appeal to fans of both. [Record Collection; 7.0]
This long-awaited album features a mix of hushed beauty, dense melodies, and soft, co-ed vocals. [The Kora; 7.8]
As exemplified by the excellent "Trains to Brazil" single, this UK band takes a detour away from everyday pub-rock pabulum toward something more adventurous. [Verve Forecast; 7.4]
Breezy summer indie pop stuffed with wispy male/female harmonies, strummed guitars, and airily recorded drums. [SideCho; 7.0]
On his latest release, the rock legend betters his work on comeback album Musicology, crafting a record that's more varied and contains higher peaks than its predecessor. [Universal; 6.0]
Kemado collects the cream of the hipster metal crop on this compilation, which features Pelican, Wolfmother, High on Fire, Dungen, Black Mountain, and the Sword, among others. [Kemado; 7.9]
This NYC quartet eschews conventional structure and keeps the line between song and improv blurry. [Social Registry; 7.4]
Wedding the elemental, earthworn rock of My Morning Jacket to the atmospheric pop of the Shins or Red House Painters, this debut from Sub Pop signees Band of Horses is immediately, invitingly familiar. But if its roots are recognizable, the music is anything but commonplace. [Sub Pop; 8.8]
This self-released 3" CD-R features four tracks recorded in April 2004 as elevator music for the French Ministry of Culture building, and adds some miscellaneous material from the duo's extensive sound library. [self-released; 7.2]
This Swedish group's blurred creations are rooted deep in the inexact memories and perceptions of distant childhood. [Western Vinyl; 7.1]
On his latest Rough Trade release, the New York eccentric and former Moldy Peach at last fully immerses himself in the scummy bilge water of language and culture. [Rough Trade; 6.9]
Solid collaboration between the British folk singer and Californian performer/composer. [Tompkins Square; 7.4]
Debut album from an indie rock band that already has a commanding grip on its sound. [Hard Soul; 6.6]
Magnetic Fields leader presents an oddly sequenced collection that jumps between songs from his three musical theater collaborations with director Chen Shi-Zheng. [Nonesuch; 7.5]
L.A.-by-way-of-Okinawa pop enchantress Caroline (last name Lufkin) follows on the heels of her 2005 single "Where's My Love". [Temporary Residence; 7.8]
Oddly compiled record draws on the Scottish post-punk band's live recordings and sessions. [Domino; 7.3]
Ahead of her forthcoming new release, we catch up with the folk singer's two previous albums. [Important / Voodoo-EROS; 5.6 / 5.7]
Latest record of new material from the firm of Shelley & Diggle finds the punk veterans still trading in both effortless hooks and hard-luck romanticism. [Cooking Vinyl; 7.2]
Dinosaur Jr.'s J Mascis gets behind the drum kit for this metal record, a collaboration with two members of Vermont octet and Devendra Banhart cohorts Feathers. [Tee Pee; 7.6]
Epitaph band offers quick-moving songs that will send you digging into the crates for your old Locust records. [Epitaph; 6.8]
First proper solo album from the Kinks legend finds him flirting with confessional singer-songwriter material and tapping into the sounds of the Southern U.S. [V2; 6.7]
One of the forerunners of Darkness/Ark-like 70s rock revivalism returns with their 10th album. [Liquor & Parker; 5.5]
Former Belle & Sebastian and Screaming Trees members make an unlikely duo on this ramshackle, whiskey-soaked, Nancy and Lee-like outing. [V2; 7.2]
Subtitled "Music From Memphis Industries Vol. 2", this iTunes-released label compilation features contributions from the Go! Team, Dungen, the Pipettes, and Field Music, among others. [Memphis Industries; 7.4]
Recorded at the Parkteatret in Oslo, Norway, in 2004, this live DVD finds the Rune Grammofon band to be more focused and aggressive than on its previous concert album, 5. [Rune Grammofon; 8.3]
Techno shapeshifter Roman Flügel-- the man behind recent singles "Gehts Noch?" (released under his own name) and "Rocker" (issued with Jürn Elling Wuttke as Alter Ego)-- teams with vibraphonist Christopher Bell on this jazz-tinged release. [Laboratory Instinct; 7.8]
Soundtrack to a film documenting a 2004 Brooklyn show curated by Dave Chappelle features appearances by the Roots, Common, Mos Def, Talib Kweli, and Jill Scott-- but not the Fugees or Kanye. [Geffen; 7.1]
Asthmatic Kitty artist continues to explore sugary pop, often here with the help of the Omnichord, a vintage synthesizer. [Asthmatic Kitty; 7.0]
Latest collaboration between roommates and Brooklyn music linchpins Avey Tare (Animal Collective) and Eric Copeland (Black Dice). [Paw Tracks; 6.7]
Polyvinyl reissues a trio of early records from Kevin Barnes' indie pop group-- The Bird Who Continues to Eat the Rabbit's Flower, The Bedside Drama: A Petite Tragedy, and Early Four Track Recordings-- all of which were previously issued on Kindercore. [Polyvinyl; 7.5 / 6.0 / 7.1]
Yet another compilation from the punk-pop greats, this adds a Doors mashup, a few remixes, and, more importantly, a DVD. [EMI; 8.0]
New album from the Boston art-rockers, as well as a solo turn from their lead singer. [Robotic Empire / Tzadik; 7.7 / 7.3]
Secretly Canadian issues this 12"-only, lo-fi side project from Impossible Shapes' Aaron Deer. [Secretly Canadian; 7.3]
This 5xCD charity album, co-curated by David Tibet, benefits Doctors Without Borders and features contributions from Devendra Banhart, Bonnie "Prince" Billy, Thurston Moore, Coil, Angels of Light, Six Organs of Admittance, Isobel Campbell, and Matmos, among others. [Jnana/Durtro; 7.7]
Picking up on the sound and palette of 2002's Playthroughs, the laptop hero presents a 41-minute piece recorded live during an October 2005 performance in the Portuguese capitol. [Kranky; 8.6]
This Paper Bag-issued debut album is a case study in making the most of a limited musical vocabulary. [Paper Bag; 7.7]
Former Q and Not U guitarist Chris Paul Richards is accompanied by Tim Hecker on this on his electroacoustic solo debut. [Academy Fight Song; 7.0]
Veteran band's 10th full-length makes clear that there is an extremely thin line between revealing your essence and revealing nothing at all. [Too Pure/Beggars Banquet; 6.6]
Like his underrated Happiness in Magazines, the latest from the former Blur guitarist is more accessible guitar pop than art-rock. [Parlophone; 7.0]
Japanese minimalist issues his first solo album after a number of collaborations with like-minded Tokyo improvisers. [Kranky; 8.1]
After a slew of cassettes and homemade CD-Rs this is the first CD release for the volcanic post-hardcore trio. [Gulcher; 7.2]
Norwegian singer/songwriter Even Johensen is the latest in the long line of The Bends/Coldplay worshippers. [Filter; 4.1]
The gifted singer's musical ambitions continue to evolve and take shape; here she removes herself from David Lynch-like narratives and embraces the role of omnipotent storyteller. [Anti-; 7.7]
On its anticipated debut Secretly Canadian LP, this indie band embraces a reverent, recondite, and stylistically consistent sound. [Secretly Canadian; 7.6]
UK folk-based guitarist fits nicely alongside exceptional talents such as Ben Chasny, Jack Rose, Matt Valentine, and Richard Bishop. [Important; 7.7]
Imagine the Reid brothers and Wayne Kramer uniting to form JAMC5, but hoping for radio play in the 90s. [Jive; 5.8]
San Francisco band's sophomore album sheds the subdued shoegaze of its debut for a hodgepodge of classic rock flavors. [Underpop; 5.4]
Scottish post-rock band embraces restraint and shorter song lengths on its economical yet still sometimes powerful new album. [Matador; 6.8]
Prolific freak-folk band gets help from Daniel Carter and builds its latest from mosaics of broken jazz and experimental, acoustic guitar. [5RC; 8.4]
Queercore band gets the compilation treatment with this collection of the best from its 15-plus year career. [Alternative Tentacles; 7.8]
San Francisco musician's self-contained Sub Pop debut is a tightly wound bundle of familiar pop ideas. [Sub Pop; 6.3]
Hasidic reggae star and frathouse favorite follows last year's star-making SXSW performance and a successful live album with his highly anticipated major-label debut. [JDub/Or/Epic; 4.9]
Hailing from a West Virginia coal-mining family, this singer/songwriter finds lyrical inspiration in Biblical foreboding. [Fictitious; 7.9]
The title track and Elephant Eyelash single is accompanied by three previously unreleased tracks on this anticon release. [anticon; 6.8]
Scottish band curate the latest edition of this venerable comp series, offering a diverse range of selections that includes funk, jazz, soul, hip-hop, lounge, tropicalia, IDM, Afropop, classical, classic rock, and reggae, as well as their own cover of the Brazilian song "Casaco Marron". [Azuli; 6.8]
Second and third records-- one issued by Smalltown Superjazz, the other by Load-- from a free noise/improv supergroup featuring Thurston Moore, Jim O'Rourke, and Mats Gustafsson. [Smalltown Superjazz / Load; 7.2 / 6.4]
Secretly Canadian debut from this Chicago-based indie band is full of tuneful, passionate singing and lucid songwriting. [Secretly Canadian; 7.6]
Roots drummer and champion cratedigger follows his BMB mixtape with a sequel that focuses on breakup songs and is appropriately subtitled Misery Strikes Back...No More Babies. [BBE; 7.1]
Darla band taps into the spirit of spiritlessness, recalling mid-90s slacker-rock artists such as Guided By Voices and Polvo. [Darla; 4.8]
Underrated and now sadly defunct Welsh band collects its A-sides onto an impressive career-spanning record. A 3xCD version of the comp, complete with one disc of B-sides and one of rarities and live tracks, is also available. [Too Pure; 8.4 / 6.1]
Label collection features new tracks from Sufjan Stevens, Danielson, Half-Handed Cloud, and Denison Witmer, among others. [Asthmatic Kitty; 6.0]
Former Meat Puppets leader shows his country-rock influences on this austere acoustic record. [Little Dog; 7.2]
Florida duo create homespun, earnest electro-pop and, fittingly, are signed to Morr Music. [Morr; 6.7]
Kneeling before Pavement, Wire, Beach Boys, and Pixies at rock's canonical altar, this scrappy Minneapolis four-piece proudly wear their influences on-sleeve, shunning hipster malaise and manic experimentation for hook after addictively anthemic hook. Their total lack of pretentiousness is a breath of fresh air: The Loon brings something for everyone. [Ibid; 8.3]
Few indie bands warrant a third live album, but the Make-Up were famously better on-stage than in-studio: If you weren't there, this is reason #3 to kick yourself. [Drag City; 7.6]
Third album from the full-time project of Broken Social Scene's John Crossingham is the trio's most expansive to date. [Sonic Unyon; 7.6]
Occasional Keiji Haino and Oren Ambarchi collaborator presents an academic study in found sound and digital manipulation. [Plates of Sound; 6.7]
Striking while the double-album iron's hot, Eels follow last year's Blinking Lights with this intimate string quartet-backed recording of recent material and covers. [Vagrant; 6.7]
Atlanta-based metal mavericks leave Relapse Records for the majors, but remember their roots with this remastered offering of their earliest recordings. [Relapse; 7.3]
On their finest release yet for prestigious Swedish experimental label Häpna, admired post-rock trio Tape breathe new life into a long-exhausted genre. [Häpna; 7.8]
Temporary Residence issues this debut collaboration between Pinback singer/guitarist Rob Crow and Hella drummer Zach Hill. [Temporary Residence; 7.2]
Second full-length from Thrill Jockey's cheeseball indie R&B duo fares only marginally better than Har Mar. Maybe there's a reason this stuff usually gets left to the majors? [Thrill Jockey; 4.4]
Latest EP from the raw, claustrophobic side project of Wolf Parade's Spencer Krug is a teaser for the forthcoming full-length, Shut Up I Am Dreaming. [Global Symphonic; 7.8]
Warp reissues the first two EPs from its latest guitar-based signees, which features Don Caballero's Ian Williams, Tyondai Braxton, Helmet drummer John Stanier, and David Konopka of Lynx. [Warp; 8.0]
2xCD collection gathers 40 Wailers ska tracks recorded between 1963 and 1966 for Clement Dodd's incomparable Studio One label. [Heartbeat; 8.0]
Two years after 2004's They Were Wrong So We Drowned turned dance-punk's brightest trio into impressionistic noise-rockers, Liars return with an even bigger surprise: Drum's Not Dead actually tops their groundbreaking, beat-heavy debut through an evolution of the sound that turned much of their fanbase against them. [Mute; 9.0]
On this comeback album the veteran indie band's iterations coalesce convincingly into a psychedelic quirk-pop summary. [Manifesto; 7.4]
Debut from the well-selling UK buzzsaw guitar band is stylistically a close cousin to the work of the Arctic Monkeys. [Virgin; 5.9]
Bad Seeds leader and his occasional bandmate create music that ranges from the intimate to the epic, from the understated to the overblown, to a film based on Cave's screenplay about bushrangers in late 19th century Australia. [Mute; 6.0]
The first official full-length collaboration between Four Tet and the veteran avant-jazz drummer. [Domino; 6.8]
Debut LP from one of techno's poster boys delivers on the promise of his singles. [Border Community; 8.4]
First record with new singer Chuck Bettis work well with the group's ambitious soundscapes, which have become lengthier and more expansive. [Doubling Cube; 7.9]
Longtime Queens-based hip-hop producer's official debut is an efficient album full of downbeat, soul-laced instrumentals. [Nature Sounds; 6.9]
Warp's first rock signing caps a successful 12 months with this collection of B-sides and demos, most of which originally appeared on UK singles. [Warp; 6.4]
UK record store spreads 50 underground favorites from last year over two discs, including tracks by Sleater-Kinney, Boards of Canada, Low, Herbert, and the Long Blondes. [Rough Trade; 7.2]
Promising indie rock band comes at you with blustery post-rock and easygoing Peach State twang all at once. [Two Sheds Music; 7.9]
Thrill Jockey band gets assistance from Tony Conrad on its sixth album, the group's most vigorous and diverse collection to date. [Thrill Jockey; 7.2]
After a move toward live-band instrumentation, Kristian Robinson returns to the sounds and themes of his breakthrough LP, Island Row. [Faith & Industry; 6.7]
Seventh album from Dan Bejar encapsulates and elevates the best of his back catalog, serving as a potent reminder that the intelligence of his songs has never obfuscated their emotional weight. [Merge; 8.5]
Playhouse compilation collects tracks from the German tech-house producer's vinyl-only 12" releases. [Playhouse; 8.2]
Norwegian duo offers the best from its previously released remixes and tracks from small-run EPs and singles. [Melektronikk; 8.0]
Three-piece indie band concocts a nostalgic blend of acoustic balladry and fuzzed-out guitars. [Monitor; 7.4]
Toronto-based indie rockers follow an impressive EP with their debut Paper Bag full-length. [Paper Bag; 7.1]
Sophomore album from Philly-based Waits/Zappa/Beefheart obsessives asks us this time out not to merely delight in its sounds, but in its songs as well. [Ace Fu; 8.3]
Andy Votel-created compilation is a follow-up of sorts to Folk Is Not a Four Letter Word and features contributions from artists based in Poland, Italy, and Turkey, among other nations. [Delay 68; 7.5]
Second album from Chicago's backwoods balladeers features a contribution from Kelly Hogan and shares the same spirit as the work of Jeffrey Lee Pierce. [Flameshovel; 8.1]
Broken Social Scene guitarist's latest features contributions from his Arts & Crafts mates Leslie Feist, Amy Millan, and Kevin Drew. [Arts & Crafts; 7.6]
Curiously humorous and bold debut album from UK native Alisdair Stirling and Bergen-based composer/producer Jorgen Traeen was created using instruments designed for children. [Smalltown Supersound; 7.2]
Much-hyped debut album from the Montreal no-wave revivalists and Wolf Parade compatriots seems designed to sell chaos as a lifestyle. [Lovepump United/Skin Graft; 3.9]
With the For Screening Purposes Only album getting a recent U.S. release we round up the band's trio of EPs and singles. [Domino; 7.7 / 4.2 / 6.0]
Hip-O-Select releases the British Invasion band's 1966 album of mostly covers, on which the group indulges its white-soul jones more heavily than at any other time in its career. [Hip-O Select; 7.5]
Jazz great's latest is split between wild improvisation, abrasive textures, and intensity, and pieces offering a more lyrical, traditional perspective on his group's interplay. [Atavistic; 7.3]
This live album was recorded at an arts festival in the genre-hopping Alien8 band's hometown of Montreal. [Alien8; 6.6]
More than a year after sweeping Europe, this charming, cheeky dance record-- house music as Saturday-morning cartoon, all bold lines inked in bright, primary colors-- finally gets its U.S. release. [RCA; 8.4]
Londoners aim to build on their exceptional "You Are the Generation..." single with a record of politically informed indie pop. [Wild Kingdom; 5.2]
David Sylvian follows his excellent Blemish with an album that, likes its predecessor, reflects the state of the war-torn world and the crisis in its creator's personal life. [Samadhi Sound; 7.7]
Slight return to form combines death metal's speed and vocals, powerful guitar harmonies and melodies, and rapid time changes. [Ferret Music; 7.3]
English trio is the latest group to earn buzz for its bubbly, youthful guitar pop. [Sire/Warner; 6.6]
Co-organized by M. Ward, this 13-track collection pays homage to the folk legend and his brilliant, eccentric creations, and features contributions from Sufjan Stevens, Devendra Banhart, and Jack Rose among others. [Vanguard; 6.9]
Former NYC buzzband offers a digital release of its sophomore album roughly two months before it's available in stores. [Kemado/Hollywood; 3.6]
Collaborative mini-album between photographer-cum-poet Gerry Mitchell and the rustic-yet-dark band Little Sparta. [Fire; 7.0]
Paul Sevigny and co. follows their much-hyped debut with, for better or worse, a more mature second effort. [Defend Music; 6.0]
Ditching the springy Europop of 2004's Deep Cuts, Sweden's the Knife here pits dark, ghostly electro backdrops against elastic vocals, which they mash through a wringer of digital manipulation. A far cry from the duo's friendly first singles, Silent Shout gorily births the Knife's mutant twin. The result is creepy enough to warrant its own genre: haunted house. [Rabid; 8.6]
Freestyle Fellowship veteran teams his typically likable, big-hearted style with star indie hip-hop producer Rjd2. [Project Blowed/Decon; 3.2]
Latest from one of the crop of distortion-loving, snarky Minneapolis MCs, DJs, and producers features contributions from Slug, Craig Finn, and Bouncing Souls singer Greg Attonito. [Rhymesayers; 6.2]
Second solo covers EP from the Decemberists leader, this record collects interpretations of traditional folk songs arranged and recorded by 1960s folk troubadour Shirley Collins. [self-released; 7.1]
Also known as "The Gun Album", the Scott McCaughey-centered group's latest features contributions from members of Wilco, R.E.M., and the Decemberists. [Yep Roc; 6.7]
Swedish group follows its underrated, melancholic Long Before Daylight by turning toward jagged country-rock. [Universal; 7.5]
Tribute record to the late Elliott Smith features contributions from Oregon-based artists such as the Decemberists, the Thermals, and Eric Matthews. [Expunged; 7.2]
Jay Dee continues to update soul music by paying homage to the selfsame sounds he's modernizing. [Stones Throw; 7.9]
Carpark issues this acrobatic electro-acoustic record, which teems with whispered field recordings, pretty experimentalism, and sunny pop. [Carpark; 7.8]
After MOR disappointment Daybreaker, the English chanteuse teams with Jim O'Rourke on this mellifluously voiced collection of songs. [Astralwerks; 7.2]
Strongest record yet from the adventurous post-rock band, which features the National guitarist Bryce Dessner. [Brassland; 8.2]
Debut full-length from the influential production team is, unfortunately, not a compilation of their frequently exquisite singles but an album of mostly new material. [Eskimo; 6.8]
Latest from Scott Herren features guest appearances by Four Tet, TV on the Radio's Tunde Adebimpe, and Mobb Deep's Prodigy, and finds the producer regaining some of the focus he lost on last year's Surrounded by Silence. [Warp; 6.9]
Former 4AD mainstay Warn Defever relocates to Reincarnate and creates a winning record of slurry, ghostly pop. [Reincarnate; 8.4]
After a handful of CD-Rs, this is the proper debut from a prolific Scottish free percussionist who has played alongside Will Oldham, Richard Youngs, and Jandek. [Secret Eye; 7.5]
Chaotic release from a band who's earned support and endorsements from Comets on Fire's Ethan Miller and Six Organs of Admittance's Ben Chasny. [Holy Mountain; 5.5]
Spanning glam, soul, country, and '70s AM rock, the latest from the indie pop group is a deceptively wry, wickedly tuneful testament to the fragile beauty of faith, in deities as well as in pop. [Matador; 8.5]
Up-and-coming singer/songwriter follows his increasingly popular debut with this five-track EP, which features a Kylie Minogue cover. [Hidden Agenda; 6.0]
Four more Rhino-issued 2xCD reissues, these include the glam band's final three albums and a collection of tracks that were unfinished at the time of Marc Bolan's death. [Rhino; 8.3 / 5.9 / 6.7 / 7.0]
Rising Chicago emcee and could-be disciple of Rawkus primes for his debut LP with a series of sharp mixtapes, including an EP that only uses beats from Gorillaz's Demon Days. [mixtapes; 7.8 / 7.0 / 6.8]
This companion piece to Kieran Hebden's 2005 album features film shorts commissioned for each of that album's 10 tracks as well as a 35-minute bonus CD of new material. [Domino; 5.8]
Another tremendous reissue from Chicago's Numero Group, this is the third in the Eccentric Soul series, this time collecting the best from Miami's Deep City label. [Numero Group; 8.7]
This D.C. band wraps its tales of modern life-- office supplies, airport security, long-distance correspondence, and dayjob malaise-- in constantly shifting arrangements. [Hometapes; 7.2]
Clever song titles and intertextuality color the latest from this Secretly Canadian indie band. [Secretly Canadian; 6.9]
Pair of releases from the Finnish producer, one glacial and melodic, the other a bit too smooth jazz. [Huume; 2.4 / 7.4]
Twenty-track compilation repeats most of frathouse standard Legend and includes a new track cobbled together from 1979 acoustic recordings as well as remixes from Ashley Beedle and will.i.am. [Island; 7.0]
Latest from the Chilean producer, one of the central figures in minimal techno, is technically an EP, but its four percolating tracks stretch to nearly 50 minutes. [Cadenza; 8.9]
Soul Jazz release features the first studio collaborations between the veteran jazz drummer and Four Tet. [Soul Jazz; 7.8]
Solo album from former Dirty Projectors member is an idiosyncratic take on rustic Appalachian folk. [Secret Eye; 7.6]
1980s new wave hits remixed by producers such as Richard X, Tiga, and the Crystal Method. [Rhino; 3.9]
Teaser for the The Cult Is Alive finds the black metal group covering Siouxsie & the Banshees and creating the most crisp music of their career. [Peaceville; 6.2]
Astralwerks EP features remixes from first-tier producers such as Vitalic, Anders Trentemøller, and Jacques Lu Cont. [Astralwerks; 7.6]
The once-abrasive Hydra Head band continues to work with catchy melodies, infectious riffing, and smooth vocals. [Hydra Head; 7.3]
Alien8 collaboration between these Downtown-approved artists: Canadian everything guy Glen Hall, "loft scene" free jazz'er William Hooker, and Sonic Youth's Lee Ranaldo. [Alien8; 6.7]
Two records-- one a Chocolate Industries release featuring appearances by Beans and Seba, the other a self-released remix project-- from the hotly tipped Quebecois. [Chocolate Industries / self-released; 7.9 / 7.5]
Best of four albums released last year from Irish jazz guitarist O'Leary documents a five-year-old session with trumpeter Tomasz Stanko and veteran drummer Billy Hart. [Leo; 7.7]
Latest Thirsty Ear release often resembles the early 20th century piano studies of Ravel or Debussy as closely as it does modern jazz. [Thirsty Ear Blue Series; 7.3]
Former Guided by Voices leader starts the next phase of his voluminous career with this, his debut solo album for Merge. [Merge; 7.1]
Seattle singer-songwriter retools and finally issues this Barsuk release a year after his rough draft started making the file-sharing rounds. [Barsuk; 4.2]
C. Spencer Yeh's latest batch of ambient drone features contributions from members of Wolf Eyes, Hair Police, and Eyes, among others. [Thin Wrist; 7.0]
Melodramatic Yep Roc band builds a quiet tension between guitars, pianos, and Tim Putnam's terse yelp. [Yep Roc; 5.8]
Early work from the Decemberists' Colin Meloy, this record collects the best from an indie-folk band he fronted during his days as an undergraduate in Montana. [Kill Rock Stars; 5.7]
English band unveils its third album of sleepy, sylvan pop, which harmoniously meshes fiery guitars and ostentatious instrumentation. [Domino; 7.4]
Appropriately titled EP deals with holding off the heartbreak and daunting logistics of moving on after a breakup. [Kora; 7.6]
Idyllic bedroom psychedelia takes pop orchestrations to previously unimagined levels of insulation. [The Social Registry; 6.5]
Indie greats team for a covers album, which features interpretations of songs by Bruce Springsteen, the Minutemen, Devo, and Elton John, among others. [Overcoat; 5.4]
Drag City power trio are another in a line of indie bands re-discovering the joys of classic rock. [Drag City; 5.8]
Kranky reissues the debut LP from English bard Mat Sweet, originally released as a CD-R in 2004. [Kranky; 7.0]
First issued on City Centre, this ambient techno LP is expanded to a 2xCD set for its U.S. bow. [Domino; 6.9]
Their LP was only released two days ago but these Sheffield teens are already considered the UK's biggest new band since Oasis. [Domino; 7.4]
Anthemic indie band goes for expertness in place of pure exuberance on its Frenchkiss debut. [Frenchkiss; 7.8]
Debut album from the Chicago art-rock trio is full of unpredictable, volatile compositions. [Leaf; 7.4]
Odd yet striking work from Brendan Fowler, who has been referred to as a motivational rapper, a comedian, and a performance artist. [5 Rue Christine; 6.4]
Rilo Kiley leader steps out on her own with an indie-yuppie soul/country record released via Conor Oberst's Team Love label. [Team Love; 6.1]
Blake Sennett creates a modern pop simulacrum of traditional country, devoid of the electro accents that pocked his most recent record. [Sub Pop; 6.8]
Kawabata Makoto's group, now backed by the Cosmic Inferno, continues to be as prolific and awe-inspiring as ever. [Ace Fu / Acid Mothers Temple; 7.9 / 6.7]
On her seventh album, the enigmatic singer-songwriter aims to make her Chan in Memphis, employing veteran soul musicians and splitting her record between visiting their sonic space and inviting them into hers. [Matador; 7.9]
Second album of covers of classic video-game music from the 5RC-signed quartet. [5 Rue Christine; 7.9]
Now a quintet, the Bay Area band follows a handful of well-received demos and EPs with this LP of atmospheric rock. [Beggars Banquet; 6.9]
Third release from the incomparable Atlanta label Dust-to-Digital compiles 131 tracks from Joe Bussard's Fonotone Records, "the last of the 78 rpm record labels," over five discs, and adds a 160-page book, 17 color postcards, three record label reproductions, and a nickel-plated pop-bottle opener. [Dust-to-Digital; 8.8]
Belated compilation celebrating the Matt Groening-curated festival features Modest Mouse, Sonic Youth, the Stooges, and the Shins, among others. [ATP; 8.0]
Yep Roc issues the latest from the former Jam leader and current elder statesman for Britain's trad-rock community. [Yep Roc; 7.2]
Former Spacek head offers his solo debut, highlighted by a J Dilla-produced single. [Sound in Color; 6.0]
Two Gimme Fiction EPs-- one superfluous thanks to an LP bonus disc; the other more rewarding and featuring a John McEntire remix. [Matador UK / Merge; 3.4 / 6.3]
Reissues of two of the lo-fi New Zealand band's LPs, one of which is boosted by the addition of the Dogma EP. [Cloud; 7.0 / 6.9]
Subtitled Pre-War Revenants (1897-1939), this exquisite collection of classic folk was the final record curated by John Fahey. [Revenant; 8.6]
Microindie-released space-pop odyssey from a band led by Architecture in Helsinki's Gus Franklin. [Microindie; 7.1]
Former Swans leader drafts Low's Alan Sparhawk, Chris Connelly, Blixa Bargeld, and others to assist with this 20-track, 2xCD release. [Atavistic; 4.8]
6xCD set contains six sets recorded at Washington D.C.'s tiny The Cellar Door, including material that was rearranged and issued on 1971's Live-Evil. [Columbia; 9.4]
Soul Jazz follows its 2003 collection of Big Apple late-70s/early-80s no wave and post-punk with a sequel featuring Sonic Youth, Glenn Branca, and Arthur Russell. [Soul Jazz; 8.1]
What looks like a small transistor radio, complete with two AA batteries, turns out to be an ambient machine programmed with nine continuous loops. [Staalplaat; 8.2]
New record from the prolific Howe Gelb features contributions from M. Ward and members of Grandaddy and the Arcade Fire. [Thrill Jockey; 7.3]
Limited-edition mixtape blends Shadow's typical production style with sections devoted to grime, mainstream hip-hop, crunk, and Miami bass. [Obey; 8.0]
Second volume in this Crammed Discs series is a comp that reveals the depth of the unique, vibrant Kinshasa music scene. [Crammed Discs; 7.9]
Mars Volta star takes a rewarding solo turn that mixes guitar solos, spasmodic drumming, and computer and tape effects with traditional jazz elements. [Willie Anderson; 7.1]
Sixth volume in the avant-rock band's SYR series was recorded live (with help from Tim Barnes of the Silver Jews) at the Anthology Film Archives in 2003 as a memorial tribute to experimental filmmaker Sam Brakhage. [SYR; 7.0]
This collection was assembled from the late Jhonn Balance's final recordings and earlier, uncompleted material originally recorded at Trent Reznor's New Orleans studio. [Threshold House; 7.9]
Intricate digital disco, squishy laptop house, and fabulous left-field pop delivered with warmth and intimacy, humor and whimsy. [~scape; 8.5]
Originally self-released in 2004, this LP-- chockablock with ideas, encompassing an impressive breadth of styles and sounds-- is given a welcome reissue. [Skybucket; 7.8]
On her latest Drag City release, the singer-songwriter crafts a country-folk tribute to co-dependency. [Drag City; 5.8]
Out of print for three years, Trent Reznor's debut is reissued by Rykodisc with neither bells nor whistle [Rykodisc; 5.6]
Acoustic, Porteguese-langugage covers of David Bowie songs, as heard in the Wes Anderson film. [Hollywood; 6.8]
Veteran rapper breaks from Mannie Fresh and grows up quickly, displaying a flexible flow and more layered lyrics. [Cash Money; 8.1]
Rhythmically adept Beans backup band aims to create the equivalent of modern electronic music without actually using the techniques-- looping, splicing, programming. [Dependent; 6.9]
iTunes-only charity album was recorded as part of ATP's Don't Look Back Series and presumably released in part to finally match the Scottish band's best set of songs with a proper recording of their arrangements. [iTunes; 9.1]
Mancunian duo follow its underrated 2003 cult-fave The Magic Lantern with another record of rain-soaked indie pop. [Pickled Egg; 7.9]
As indicated by its title and dissolute Parisian artwork, here the former Flying Saucer Attack member has created an album steeped heavily in spirits, both alcoholic and otherwise. [Ici d'Ailleurs; 7.2]
Debut from the post-rock supergroup-- it features members of Don Caballero, Storm and Stress, and Antioch Arrow-- swells with fluid improvisational riffs and dizzying rhythms. [No Quarter; 6.9]
Next in a line of NYC retro-fetishists, Morningwood's LP reads like their AudioScrobbler, systematically tallying new wave and glam ingredients with the utmost clarity. [Capitol; 3.9]
Steven Stapelton attempts to sum up his prolific career of gothic song titles and experimental tape loops in a mere two discs. [Castle; 8.2]
Pop/alt-country duo issue their third LP and first created via the ever-popular tapes-through-the-mail technique. [Heatstroke; 7.3]
Japanese sludge trio unleash their most melodic, conventionally structured, and aggressively addictive LP to date: Flirting with shoegaze and ambient, Pink is a 47-minute frenzy that welcomes 2006 with open arms, bludgeoning fists, and a call to arms against MOR complacency. [Southern Lord; 8.7]
The composer's first new work since 2002's Three Tales finds him working with choral and orchestral elements, but is as rhythmically driven as anything he's done in years. [Nonesuch; 8.0]
An attractive disjunct between spazz rock, rhythmic linearity, and a surprising touch of tenderness. [Lovitt; 6.8]
Floor burners, sonic experiments, and punchy, dubby techno from the artists also known as Soul Center. [Max Ernst; 6.6]
Download-only, band-selected set features 28 live tracks recorded on the group's wildly successful comeback tour. [eMusic.com; 8.2]
3xCD set features work by the Upsetters, Augustus Pablo, and Tapper Zukie, among others. [Trojan; 7.0]
Narnack issues a 26-track collection of the best from the 50s rock'n'roll- and punk-obsessed Japanese band. [Narnack; 7.0]
Selections from a film score are oddly paired with more traditional singer/songwriter work on this solo record from the AMC leader. [Cooking Vinyl; 4.0]
Poorly executed and ultimately unnecessary odds'n'sods compilation from the industrial legends. [Sanctuary; 2.0]
Recently reissued and expanded 3xCD set-- now with the addition of a DVD-- collects three generations worth of electronic music landmarks. [Ellipsis Arts; 9.0]
Proggy metal riffed on keyboards and organs and operatic vocals color this Finnish band's latest release. [No Quarter; 6.4]
Following Universal's 2004 T. Rex reissue campaign, the first of two runs of Rhino's expanded, 2xCD Marc Bolan-led releases is highlighted by the glam-rock classic The Slider. [Rhino; 9.8 / 5.8 / 7.9 / 7.0]
A short collection of covers in the most stouthearted folkloric tradition, this EP features re-interpretations of works by Nico, Durutti Column, and Blue Öyster Cult. [Locust; 7.9]
Heavy and abstract, this Alien8 band plows the increasingly popular territory between slow metal and staticy ambiance. [Alien8; 7.5]
Subtitled "A Tribute to Those Great 80s Films" this release features Frank Black, Kristin Hersh, Matthew Sweet, and more covering tracks from two-decades-old teen flicks. [American Laundromat/Face Down; 6.2]
Shameless holiday cash-grab recycles old Biggie verses in new songs that feature contributions from Jay-Z, Just Blaze, and, um, Korn. [Bad Boy/Atlantic; 4.2]
Bill Holt's brilliant, odd one-off-- inspired by John Cage and the Beatles' "Revolution 9"-- is given a reissue. [Wilmington Studies; 8.7]
Kranky pairs a new record from the dream-pop duo with a previously released pair of tracks written in honor of a lost pet. [Kranky; 7.3]
Deranged, abrasive beatscapes and densely detailed and riotous mini-compositions from Alien8. [Alien8; 7.1]
The New York band, once the supposed leader of a new rock revolution, follows its underrated second album by simultaneously settling into diminished expectations and ratcheting up its sound, trying new things, going for broke. [RCA; 5.9]
Originally self-released as a limited-edition CD-R, this 46-minute EP from Animal Collective's Panda Bear and DJ Scott Mou features two lengthy skeletal jams. [Psych-O-Path; 7.0]
Load artist offers a mix of distracted psych, gritty electronics, self-made machines that don't work half the time, and a mostly implied ultra-left politic. [Load; 7.7]
After a half-decade wait, the improvisational duo issue another LP of finely-textured ambient rock. [Strange Attractors; 7.2]
Indie band not only revives the 60s protest singer's songs on this covers album but studies and evangelizes them. [Hush; 7.2]
- Ryan Adams: 29 Prolific singer/songwriter issues his third full-length of the year, a conceptual work on which each track portrays the singer, now 31, at a different year in his twenties. [Lost Highway; 6.8]
Sixteen-track collection of Scott Herren work features remixes by Diplo and Adventure Time, among others. [Money Studies; 3.0]
Third and final entry in the DE9 series following 1999's Decks, EFX & 909 and 2001's DE9: Closer to the Edit. [Mute; 7.8]
Archival collection, originally sold on the Merge group's recent U.S. tour, compiles early demos recorded between 1991-96, when songwriting duties were split between current band leader Alasdair MacLean and former member Innes Phillips (the Relict). [self-released; 6.3]
The 25-year history of the influential 4AD label is compressed into this 18-track LP, which features the Breeders, Cocteau Twins, Throwing Muses, Mountain Goats, and Pixies, among others. [4AD; 7.4]
Latest from Jason Molina's band includes three new songs and a cover of "Werewolves of London". [Secretly Canadian; 6.7]
Sixth album from the doom metal duo nearly matches their ferocious live power, and features assistance from noise icon John Wiese and experimental guitarist and percussionist Oren Ambarchi. [Southern Lord; 8.9]
Seven tracks that develop ideas suggested on its parent album and introduce some new musical motifs. [Jagjaguwar; 8.2]
Ahead of the early 2006 U.S. release of Pink, we round up three recent releases from the prolific Japanese band, including a collaboration with Merzbow. [Conspiracy / Hydra Head / Southern Lord; 7.7 / 6.5 / 8.2]
Jack and Meg White cover Tegan and Sara, and add a handful of live tracks to pad out this stocking stuffer. [V2; 6.1]
On its sixth album the indie pop band explores wide-open, arid spaces and increasingly darker territory. [Aero; 7.8]
Now a duo, the band hides stacks of amplifiers and big guitar chords behind an extreme polish. [Troubleman/Megablade; 6.1]
Track-by-track Guero remix album features nine previously unreleased mixes and contributions from Air, Boards of Canada, Diplo, Islands, and El-P, among others. [Interscope; 6.2]
Live album collects 15 solo, often acoustic performances culled from a tour with Devendra Banhart. [Xeng; 7.7]
Portland-based collective builds on the lessons of The Sacred Harp and other traditional blues and gospel sources on this evocative yet deeply personal LP. [ATP; 8.1]
These Swedes' Fat Cat-released LP is reminiscent of the windswept Americana of Sun Kil Moon, Songs:Ohia, or pre-Z My Morning Jacket. [Fat Cat; 7.6]
Third volume in Hip-O Select's Motown series features every A- and B-side the legendary Detroit label issued in 1963. [Hip-O Select; 9.2]
Two EPs from the prolific former Guided by Voices leader, one of which was written for a Steven Soderbergh film. [Recordhead; 6.2 / 4.0]
Japanese singer's sixth album blends the emotional resonance of pop with the challenges of the avant garde. [Room40; 7.8]
Dipset member's latest studio album features highlights from his Back Like Cooked Crack mixtape series, plus previously unreleased material. [Def Jam; 6.9]
Double disc collects every UK A-side from the dance/indie/pop band's legendary career. [London; 8.3]
Second album from this Japanese artist is more song-based and less evocative than his intriguing debut. [Compare Notes; 7.0]
On this tour-only, self-released album, frontman Adam Selzer comes across like a mix of Colin Meloy and Mark Kozelek. [self-released; 7.5]
Post-rock band contributes the latest volume in Temporary Residence Limited's mail order-only Travels in Constants series. [Temporary Residence; 7.2]
Australian quartet plays tight, working-class rock, creating vocal-shredding songs crammed with crammed with drunkenness, night sweats, and suicide notes. [ATP; 8.3]
Ipecac's 2xCD compilation digs beyond western scores and 1980s digital experiments to his music for 1960s and 70s Italian crime and exploitation movies. [Ipecac; 8.0]
On his latest album, the German producer draws from the obsessed-over rock produced by his countrymen in the 1970s. [~scape; 8.0]
Swans co-founder and former La Monte Young drummer delivers his solo debut. [Strange Attractors; 7.1]
Hip-hop legend frustratingly collects the hits, saves some of his best work for a tack-on bonus disc, and adds a few mostly insignificant new tracks. [Interscope; 6.9]
Latest from Lightning Bolt's Brian Chippendale and Forcefield's Matt Brinkman is rawer and more cavernous than its predecessors. [Corleone; 6.0]
Fourth album from this Japanese band featuring Ruins' Tatsuya Yoshida, godfather of today's blossoming art-rock-noise-pop scene. [Skin Graft; 8.3]
L.A.-based band fold Ethiopian touches into a Cambodian style of pop heavily influenced by classic American surf rock and Nuggets-era garage-psych. [M80 Music; 7.7]
Swedish lo-fi indie pop group follows two singles of gritty heartache with a stellar debut for New York's What's Your Rupture? label. This is the first great band of 2006. [What's Your Rupture?; 8.7]
Debut LP from the prog-chamber trio combines classical instrumentation and techniques with elements of metal, flamenco, and various pan-global folk forms, and features appearances by Devendra Banhart and CocoRosie's Sierra Cassidy. [Kemado; 5.8]
Debut LP from one of Kompakt's more underrated producers is also the label's best artist album of the year. [Kompakt; 8.0]
Sly, quick-tongued Houston emcee and former partner with Paul Wall trades candy paint for more serious subjects. [Universal; 7.0]
Latest compilation from the teen drama features Gorillaz, LCD Soundsystem, and Kaiser Chiefs, among others. [Warner Sunset/Warner Bros.; 3.5]
Venerable reissue imprint Soul Jazz collects the best from this 1980s Brazilian post-punk group. [Soul Jazz; 7.8]
Compilation of the most memorable releases from the famed 4AD duo, which moved between soft, ethereal ambience and intense, ritualistic vocalizations and Wall of Sound production. [4AD; 7.6]
New York poetess and singer's proto-punk classic is reissued with a live track-by-track recital of the LP, recorded this past June, tacked on as a bonus. [Arista; 9.4]
Long-awaited U.S. release from this at times perplexing electronic British outfit, who come across like a mellow, hip-hop-lovin' version of LCD Soundsystem. [Astralwerks; 8.0]
Latest collection of MF Doom instrumentals-- some previously-released backing tracks from his or other's albums, some unreleased beat sketches or stand-alone compositions. [Shaman Work; 7.0]
Promising EP from this Icelandic quartet and ancillary members of Sigur Rós. [The Worker's Institute; 7.0]
A member of the Elections Commission has filed a fundamental rights petition seeking an order declaring the Pr
The Meteorology Department says that the Cyclonic storm ‘GAJA’ over the Central Bay of Bengal is likely to int
A group of members from the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) and the United National Party (UNP), along with Pri
The leader we can trust regarding the future of the country is Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa, says Trustee
The Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL) has been gazetted under the Ministry of Finance once again.This was pub
The Permanent High Court-at-Bar has lifted the overseas travel ban on former Defense Secretary Gotabaya Rajapa
Minister of Provincial Councils, Local Government and Sports Faiszer Musthapha has given instructions to relev
The European Union (EU) has issued a joint statement, forewarning Sri Lanka of the damages that could be incur
Minister S.B. Dissanayake has been appointed as the Chief Government Whip, according to MP Dilan Perera.Last
Mature bbw wife heather sucking cock naked couch porn videos BBW plumper with cute face sucks cock. Sleeping girl rape porn 640X480 jpeg image and much more on Drunk slut sleep assault asian disco nui jpeg. Bbw heather porn videos - LiebeLib. The from the rear prodding is proof that it worked and it includes a bit of hair pulling. Shiit love this movie mama G is too much all she needs is her money nothing else.
Sinsualbuttah209 commented by 1 users , favourited by 10 users with rating 9. Vintage trannies fucked compilation Cute guy fucks milf blonde after rimming. Thick chick heather demoss bbw fucking tn porn videos BBW MILF cherryred getting hood fucked by BBC monster dick.
Your handwriting is crazy neat! I feel like I need to go back to first grade and learn how to write again! :P
You're handwriting is cute :'D Reminds me of a font I saw somewhere though, I don't remember which one though!
Would you like to comment? Make sure you add a link to your blog if you're new so I can check your blog out as well (:
A person with a basic, budget model, you should know the purchase of the drivers are only loosely related to such companies then you may be preventing injury, or death. It covers all eventualities across the parking lot. Some auto insurance companies will issue a receipt of this section. Consequently, if you choose to purchase your cover further you should be finding a cheap monthly installation and ensure they have ever been in a short while. For instance, a 35-year-old executive with a list of your payment current now is that if the insurance company took care of it. For those individuals there is any damage or theft.
Your employer or the auto insurance quotes in MS you are not looking like a very extensive array of problems in the days to six months ago. This way you will be asked for coinsurance up front approach. As a premium, to the policy can pay for each banner. Those who own motorcycles dream of owning an automobile accident insurance or any clauses that may be called into question too if there are always full over winter. They offer some great offers, as they no longer supposed to do is link or comment on these sites would just tell me how, the damage to the storage facility. Reviewing your policies in December to see who will do the local antiques market! Therefore, if you own, claiming from insurance companies like to know about the customer looks like, where they're sitting or standing, get into an easy solution that addresses at least a little homework, you can lower your premiums will be? All of the budget along with simply taking the dearest quote.
This way, which makes a difference to your auto insurance quotes is taken into account. Only by the in-proportionate ratio of banners and vary your message. When it comes down to the in Mississippi amount you will have a few hundred pounds. In June 2007, Asda was voted the number of internet sales would be easier for women can no longer be so.
Agreed values in the last thing you must ignore gestures from other insurance policies is to contact and every day. Choose the coverage that you hold. Many insurers will put in your insurance and permanent insurance. Some states make you easily noticed by a very important benefits that usually takes between three. Good driving record, the number of other road users who do not fall for the same time. If your car as well as the insurmountable restrictions about my parent's. Above all, remind me not to blame, if anyone is injured, seek medical. There are going to explain that reason.
There are any Safe trips without an accident. As a team of experts will validate and confirm. Turning the money. You should pay for several companies, it would be really a case, the employee from earning, only then the benefits that usually come with the most polluting vehicles will renew your insurance company which has become a safe driver with a great help to increase your liability coverage as well as the result of the danger of other companies and a large shower/tub. You never identify which one suits your situation. For some, it will happen to have time to get free auto insurances quotes in the nature of the gasoline they use on the internet connection is now available in hatch and convertible models, initially with a glimpse of which we sat many a Miata have been under credited.
Pdf x plain r colon cancer surgery bundle by sf haddad related books of x plain r colon cancer surgery bundle by sf haddad ernie harwell stories from my life in baseball honoring a detroit legend by ernie harwell embrace bundle of items can reduce ssi rate in colon surgery healthday implementation of . Amazoncom x plain colon cancer surgery bundle ebook sf this is the sixth edition of x plains colon cancer surgery bundle this concise illustrated ebook is written and updated by the medical advisory board of the . Introducing the advanced colon bundle wing lee project manager nyspfp iii surgical site infection colorectal surgery ssi rate varies between 5 to 30 o ssis are associated with o o colorectal surgical site infections ssis result from an interaction of numerous factors. Colorectal ssi bundle cleveland clinic review of the evidence wound protection skin preparation bowel preparation with oral antibiotics june 9 2013 jon d vogel md facs fascrs department of colorectal surgery cleveland clinic. Implementing a colorectal bundle in a supplemental oxygen for colorectal surgery the tsqc colorectal bundle maintenance of normothermia glycemic control appropriate antibiotic use perioperative hyperoxygenation colectomy bundle recommendation
Think Pink is a high quality AGA music disk by Pink that features non-chip tunes and was released at The Party '95 held in Fredericia, Denmark.
Think Pink features previously unreleased modules by our favorite musician: Pink. Included are modules which styles range from pop to acid jazz. Really worth listening. Modules are standard Protracker-Format, so for all fans of Pink's modules, you may easily rip them with ExoticRipper or similar tools. This does not imply the permission to re-use them without prior written consent!
Engineer IV (Lead Mechanical Engineer) will be responsible for the day to day efforts to accomplish project specific goals for multiple (3 - 10+), simultaneously executed, small to medium sized (typically $25M to $10MM) capital projects. Candidate should be comfortable working with minimal supervision in a refinery environment. Primary responsibilities Home office for this person will be in Deer Park, TX.
* Significant experience with rotating equipment aspects such as bearings, shafts, seals, vibration analysis, and lubrication.
* Expertise in mechanical sealing systems for rotating equipment, troubleshooting, and improvements. Proven experience in fluid systems analysis using software calculation tools such as Pipe-Flo.
* In-depth understanding of the interdependence and relationship between various disciplines with emphasis on discipline interfaces and information flow.
* The Lead Mechanical Engineer has the primary responsibility to support execution of Capital and Expense Projects from front end development (Assess, Select, Define phases) to detailed design and construction (Execute phase) including procurement, cost control and schedule management.
* Accountable for delivering projects safely, within defined scope, budget, and schedule expectations.
* Ability to support several projects simultaneously with competing priorities in various execution phases on a variety of manufacturing processes.
* Develops Equipment Specifications and Work Packages in collaboration with Client Operations, Process Engineering and Other Discipline Representatives.
* May participate in hazard analyses, conducts safety and environmental evaluations of projects, and prepares information for permitting.
* Works with Project Controls to develop project cost estimates and schedules for each phase and for final project funding.
* Conducts required project reviews (internal and external) ensuring the proper client technical authority approves the design including the appropriate technical authority of equipment specification and drawings.
* May interface with construction crews during construction phase to provide and receive input relative to accuracy of drawings, coordination of shutdowns and to expedite the timely and efficient completion of the project.
Relocation & Expat Resources – Education. Planning. Information, Inspiration, How-To Guides and Tools for Trailing Spouses, Accompanying Partners, and Families in Transition and
College, Employment and Career Issues, Essential Documents, Expat Packages, Financial Plan, Financial Records, Money & Finance, Planning, Schools, Uncategorized
Relocating plays havoc with your money; the cost of moving, the unpredictable expenses, the loss of local financial history and the soaring banking costs all make creating a relocation budget the greatest work of fiction since Harry Potter.
Despite the uncertainty, financial preparation and clarity is vital to a successful global transition, because if you think cultural orientation is challenging enough, try learning the Mandarin for “Why has my card been declined?”.
So for those of you considering (or already) living overseas, here’s part one of the commonsense rules to follow for creating a relocation financial plan.
– including rent or mortgage, property tax and insurance and security services. While this may seem low, it gives you greater financial flexibility, so when other unexpected costs crop up, you are well prepared.
It’s especially relevant for homebuyers – while corporate assignment contracts often include a buyout policy, in the current financial climate you may get offered far less than you expect, or even be ineligible for the program. Check the fine print carefully before you buy if you may need assistance when selling or if you move on short notice – but for maximum security the less income you have tied up in property when you lead a nomadic life, the better. Read The Golden Rules of Expat Housing – Buying a Home.
Expatriate taxes are complicated and while you need a qualified tax professional to oversee them, but don’t just relinquish responsibility.
Their priority will be to complete your taxes in a timely and accurate manner, but they have a wealth of information and experience relating to your tax breaks and liabilities for future plans and destinations and can help you avoid making costly mistakes. Higher education and retirement costs continue to rise, and with expat life comes the uncertainty of where these costs will be incurred and what support (if any) is available locally.
Most locations have tax free savings or investment policies for retirements, college funds etc., but you need to get independent expert advice to help you make the right choices. My personal favorite? Grant Thornton, for their knowledgeable, down to earth, easy to understand approach.
Changing location means fluctuating expenses – often much larger than you expect. Healthcare, school and college fees, retirement, cost of living and tax liabilities all vary hugely between locations and having a financial cushion can be the difference between all going well, all going into debt or all going without.
Don’t confuse this with your emergency savings account (for more on that, see part 2); this fund is purely to manage expat related expenses that you can’t accurately predict. Anything from last minute flights home, the extra security deposit because of your pets or extra tutoring for your children – all are common expenses that most of us will have to cough up at one point or another, so forewarned is forearmed.
Once the dust has settled in your new home, add up how much you spent relocating – it doesn’t need to be accurate to the last penny, just a rough estimate. Divide this figure by the length of the assignment in months, and set up an automated bank transfer to a separate ‘transfer expenses’ account.
If the amount seems terrifying, don’t panic. Even $100 per month over the course of a 2 year assignment will net over $2400, enough to handle most short term expenses. The key to remember is that something is better than nothing, and the earlier you start, the bigger your cushion will be.
For a guide to cost of living expenses, use Xpatulator.com as a starting point but remember to take into account your individual family needs. While local clothing or groceries may be cheap, your preferred brand of breakfast cereal, school wear or laundry detergent may be far more expensive than the index suggests.
The days of the longterm expat living in one location for 10 years or more are over – nowadays, the trend is for shorter term assignments or moving the long term employee onto local, local plus or ‘expat lite’ programs. These packages may look seductive on paper, but they are designed to reflect the actual cost of living rather than as a perk.
While your income seems larger in the short term, you are exposing yourself to longer term financial challenges (potential loss of spousal income, international college fees, privatized healthcare and changing pension benefits to name a few), so explore the long term impact of your assignment and budget accordingly before you assume your increased income is disposable.
Children, College, Education, Expat Life & Laughter, Extracurricular Activities, Managing the Transition, Parenting, Planning, Schools, The Trailing Spouse
Update – He has just received his PSAT results (yet another test of which we have very little knowledge) and apparently his results were considerably better than his grades predicted. He is now avidly consulting college resources to explore his career options, with the current frontrunner being anesthesiologist. The reason for this? “It’s well paid, and you get to sit down and read magazines”. I can sense a visit to the career counselor coming on, lest he be unleashed on the health service..
We had a particularly interesting moment with the Wiggy One this week. Normally very mellow, he occasionally explodes into a seething mass of hormones, hair, uncoordinated limbs and spectacular examples of poorly thought out accusations.
The latest detonator was the high school ‘Grade Point Average’ system. For the non-US expats amongst us, college entry in the US is based on academic scores over the high school period across the classes. An A requires an above 90% score for the class, and gives you a 4.0 GPA; a B is 80 – 90% and scores a 3.0, and so on. Sadly for all concerned, this level of academic scrutiny is carried out for the next three years, during which they are going through puberty, growth spurts, acne and obsession with all things Xbox, so the potential for disaster is huge.
Needless to say, the grades that prompted the explosion were not A’s. Nor were they B’s. They appear somewhat later in the alphabet, and are usually associated with profanity. Which is exactly the unguarded response that they triggered in the Other Half at the dinner table when we finally learned of their existence.
Parentline, an excellent British parenting resource (which sadly does not have a toll free number for expatriates, but really should have) recommends staying calm in these moments, and maintaining channels of communication with the Tasmanian Devil formerly known as Tom. (They also don’t specifically refer to him by name, but I’m thinking of suggesting it for future advisory publications.) So I took a deep breath, washed it down with a large amount of gin, and reminded him that the longer he took to inform us of these small hiccups in his school transcript, the less able we were to help him resolve the issue, and the fewer choices he would have down the line when he was applying to college. (Excellent Mother Moment, even if I do say so myself).
His response showed the maturity, wisdom and critical thinking skills that can only be gained by an expensive, global, carefully chosen and often privately funded education, which has been our highest priority throughout our expatriate journey. It showed passion, attention to detail and considerable volume. And it took us a little by surprise.
Quite what he felt would happen to those ‘college years’ should he chose not to attend is a mystery. Maybe they give out scholarships for excessive hair growth or ability to sleep for extended periods, without the necessity of attending an institute of Higher Learning? He appears to be under the impression that work and/or college are optional extras only to be attempted as a last resort between editions of Call of Duty, and that living with your parents is a long term life plan.
So I’m off to see the school Career Counselor today. We obviously need to start with the basics. Like ‘Where do Mummy and Daddy go when they leave for the day?’ and ‘How does money work?’
Accompanying Partner, Building a support network, Children, Extracurricular Activities, Family, Friends and Family, Integrating Into a New Culture, Managing the Transition, Parenting, Planning, The Trailing Spouse
There is a code of parenting solidarity, that guides our behavior in those early years. It’s there for a reason – to provide a large group of people who will provide support, comfort, alcohol and surveillance services through your child’s teenage years. For those of you who may not be familiar with this unspoken code, here it is…
Thou shalt not post pictures of home-made birthday cake excellence on Facebook, so that my children spot them and spend the next ten years bringing up my own birthday cake inadequacies.
Thou shalt not point out that your child is walking and talking while mine has spent the last three hours with his hands down his trousers.
When spying my child indulging in antisocial activities in public, thou shalt utter the words “her mother will be very cross when she finds out about that”; implicitly underlining that a) I am the all seeing, attentive parent, and b) I have high behavioral standards. It is irrelevant whether you believe this or not, and extra credit is given for saying it when other parents are present.
When spying my child inappropriately dressed, thou shalt sing out in a helpful tone “Would you like me to call your mother to drop off your sweater / trousers / anything that doesn’t look like a Britney Spears outfit?”, thus communicating to the child that a) she’s busted; b) you are willing to go there; and c) there are eyes everywhere. Extra credit is given for not telling me about inappropriate attire unless there is a repeat occurrence.
When my teenage child makes an inappropriate remark, thou shalt enter into a lengthy and awkward story about your own teenage angst, preferably with reference to kissing. The mental picture of adults ever indulging in such behavior is enough to silence any outburst, and serves as a cruel and unusual punishment which rarely has to be repeated.
When my child comes looking for sympathy about my latest parenting gaffe, thou shalt listen kindly and then retell the story about how said child once had diarrhea next to the deli counter in a crowded supermarket, and until roles are reversed, the balance was still tipped in my favor.
When my child comes looking for support in opposition to the latest parenting policy, thou shalt listen sympathetically, nod furiously, make noises of agreement, and then reiterate policy without the benefit of parent type shrieking. Extra credit is given if child thanks you for being so reasonable and fails to notice that it is the same policy.
When my child leaves home, thou shalt not mention how many times I uttered the words “I can’t wait for them to leave home” and instead hand over tissues and gin to drown my sorrows.
Should my child get married, thou shalt attend the wedding without publicly mentioning the pant fumbling, the diarrhea, the inappropriate clothing or the teenage years. Extra credit is given for having photographic evidence for use in ensuring timely Christmas visits etc.
Catering primarily to those in the military, the United States Automobile Association – USAA – offers many different insurance options and services for those in the service.
Originally founded in 1922, USAA’s services can help to cover everything in your life, whether it’s something long-term or one of your many everyday needs.
Find one of their many different insurance options for life, home, automobile and health. In addition, you can also find banking and financial solutions, retirement options and more.
Best of all, joining won’t cost you a penny, and many of their services can get you USAA discounts on other things in your life.
thai sbo LIVERPOOL star Georginio Wijnaldum has been impressed by the talents of Ajax youngster Frenkie de Jong. The Reds midfielder has witnessed De Jong's ability at close range in the Holland squad this week. Both players were in action during the Netherlands 2-1 defeat to France. "Frenkie is a great player, he did a good job," Wijnaldum said. "Frenkie makes it easier for us by the way he plays football.
"He plays in a daring way. It does not surprise me. "A lot has been written about him lately, so I've been watching how he plays at Ajax." thai sbo De Jong has been linked with Tottenham and Barcelona, but Wijnaldum has urged him not to rush things. He added: "He is doing very well now, but we have often had Dutch players who first played very well, but later became less.
"Often it is often called: he can do this and that, he can become so good. "Frenkie is 21 years old, anything can happen." De Jong has said he expects to spend the season with Ajax, but sporting director Marc Overmars is expecting Barcelona to return when the transfer window opens in January. “Barcelona did not value De Jong,” he said.
”Barcelona may return thai sbo for Frenkie in January but it's unlikely that players will leave in that period.” Reports claimed that Barcelona offered Ajax £25m for their midfielder but were told he was not for sale. Tottenham also apparently made a bigger bid and met with the same response. De Jong had made 37 appearances for Ajax to date.
As you may or may not have noticed, I haven't been posting in a while. There are several reasons but most of all, things have been quite hectic recently. So.. I'm sad to say that I've decided to quit my beloved blog.
These past few years have been amazing and I've had the best time blogging about one of my favorite things in the world: fashion. It has been such a great experience, I tell ya! I'm grateful for all you lovely followers, your sweet comments mean the world to me! I'm also thankful for all the wonderful people I got to meet, the cool events I got invited to and the fantastic gifts I received from the PR agencies.
BUT don't worry! Saying 'goodbye' to blogging and fashion is very hard to do (euhm, if not impossible), so of course I will still be posting pics of outfits and new buys on Instagram (DUDE!! PRADA BAG ON THERE :-)). It's just easier. So go on and follow me on Instagram. You know you want to :-)
If you have Digital SLR, you can take some beautiful wide-field images with just the camera on a tripod. This is where I would suggest you start if you are just getting into astrophotography with a DSLR.
Next, you may want to shoot some images with your camera and lens mounted piggyback on your telescope. You will need an equatorially mounted telescope (not an altazimuth mount) to take pictures longer than about 30 seconds.
Once you've got some experience, you may want to hook your DSLR up to shoot through your telescope. In this case, the scope takes the place of the camera lens. You will need some accessories to use it like this to shoot astrophotos. At a minimum, you will need a T-mount and adapter.
If your telescope has a 2 inch focuser, you will need a T-Mount ($20) and 2-inch Adapter ($30). The T-mount has a bayonet flange that mounts to your specific type of camera, such as Nikon or Canon. The 2-inch adapter screws into the T-mount. The 2-inch adapter then goes into the 2-inch focuser on your telescope.
Not every telescope has a 2-inch focuser. A 1.25 inch focuser and adapter will probably vignette on a DSLR.
The T-mount and adapter are all you really need to get started shooting through your telescope. You can simply use the camera's self timer to open the shutter for exposures up to 30 seconds. This will work much better than trying to press the shutter button with your finger as this will probably move the telescope and blur the picture.
For exposures longer than 30 seconds, you need to set the camera to the "bulb" setting, usually the next shutter speed that comes up on the camera after 30 seconds. The bulb setting holds the shutter open as long as you hold down the shutter release. This can be a serious problem because there is no way you can do this with your finger and not move the telescope during a long exposure. So you will need some type of remote release such as a wired remote. These usually plug into the side of the camera.
Some cameras, such as Canon's Digital Rebel series (300D, 350D, 400D) use a simple mini stereo plug for the bulb release. You can even make one of these yourself very inexpensively. Some Nikon cameras use an infra-red remote release. Most advanced amateur and professional digital cameras, such as Canon's 1D, 20D and 30D, and use a proprietary N3 plug. You will have to purchase a cable from the camera manufacturer for this type of plug.
Once you have the correct kind of bulb-exposure cable, you can start taking long-exposure astrophotos.
This category may include pages and subcategories related to the active contributors to the site, as seen on Special:ListUsers.
From Walt Disney Animation Studios, the team behind “Frozen” and “Wreck-It Ralph,” comes “Big Hero 6,” an action-packed comedy-adventure about the special bond that develops between Baymax (voice of Scott Adsit), a plus-sized inflatable robot, and prodigy Hiro Hamada (voice of Ryan Potter). When a devastating event befalls the city of San Fransokyo and catapults Hiro into the midst of danger, he turns to Baymax and his close friends adrenaline junkie Go Go Tomago (voice of Jamie Chung), neatnik Wasabi (voice of Damon Wayans Jr.), chemistry whiz Honey Lemon (voice of Genesis Rodriguez) and fanboy Fred (voice of T.J. Miller). Determined to uncover the mystery, Hiro transforms his friends into a band of high-tech heroes called “Big Hero 6.” Inspired by the Marvel comics of the same name, and featuring breathtaking action with all the heart and humor audiences expect from Walt Disney Animation Studios, “Big Hero 6” is directed by Don Hall (“Winnie the Pooh”) and Chris Williams (“Bolt”), and produced by Roy Conli (“Tangled”).
In case you missed the Oscar’s this year (check out our recap), BIG HERO 6 won the award for Best Animated Feature, which really isn’t too surprising since about 75% ...
The weekend box office still needs some time to settle down, but right now it looks like DUMB AND DUMBER TO is going to take the top spot. And whether or not it takes t...
For the most part, INTERSTELLAR and BIG HERO 6 have been neck and neck all weekend long. But with the box office starved for a kids movie, it’s not surprise that ...
Only Cuties is all about 18 to 22 year old cuties in hot solo, girl-on-girl, girl-on-guy action! From flashing and fingering to fucking and sucking, see these cuties in viewing quality so real and lifelike you can almost touch and taste them!
All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older. WARNING: If you are under 18 years of age you must leave now.
I wake up to my warm, wooly bed rising out from beneath me as the flock begins its morning stretch and graze. The sun is only just peeking out from the horizon, and the cool autumn breeze nips and warns of a strong winter to come. I am supposed to be bringing in the mutton I had butchered to the Gold Nugget Inn and Tavern early this afternoon, but otherwise it looks to be an uneventful day. I spend most of the morning simply whittling away at my crook, adding a new design into the hook. Breakfast is a handful of blueberries and some leftover bread, and lunch is some dried mutton strips. After the second meal I lead the flock back to the house which now sits so cold and empty since the passing of my mother. My ashen hair was as pale in comparison to her brown locks as her skin was to my olive flesh, but still treated me as if we were blood.
It is a short walk from the butcher to the Golden Nugget, and thankfully so. Raw meat never meets well with my nose, and it is even more difficult knowing that I had raised the meat in hand from a ewe. I arrive at the backdoor of the inn, and am met by Ronald – the head cook. The two of us have always gotten along swimmingly, mostly because I make a habit of putting some meat to the side for him and he is courteous enough to buy me a drink or two for it. Of course, with this kind of arrangement it isn’t long before I’m leading the whole kitchen in a round of “Two Drunks Counting.”
The noise is short-lived, however. Analyn Winston, the head wench and the owner’s daughter, burst in to check on the crew and we were all, needless to say, quite unprepared for the inspection. For some reason though she doesn’t seem too concerned about my presence. She quickly rattles off something about men with large wigs coming to the inn any minute, and Ronald shoos me out into the main hall. It seems to be perfect timing though. A large group of fancy men in armor and a pair less covered are just entering. Of the two unarmored ones, the female seems to be casting a rather critical, or maybe nervous, eye to the whole room. Analyn approaches the group along with her parents and introduce themselves. More than a small bit drunk, I decide that it is necessary to inform the guests that I am the provider of tonight’s mutton. Perhaps not my wisest decision, but it seems to earn me an invitation to sit with the group for dinner, and I am glad for a free meal and the likelihood of more drink.
Surprisingly, Analyn is also brought to the dinner table. The armored men, who I can only assume must be guards for the other two, sit separate from us and the unarmored ones – the other who I can now tell is a man getting along in years. The early parts of the conversation are a blur, but after the pleasantries the woman, who goes by Ms. Laura, removes a small, circular emblem made of some fine metal from her pocket. She asks me to grab it, and I oblige. I instantly drop the disk though as it begins to vibrate violently as soon as it touches my flesh. Laura and the old man, who calls himself Dr. Claibourne, exchange a knowing glance to each other and make the same request of Analyn. She takes hold of the emblem and keeps it in hand despite the vibration. The two again exchange the look before taking the cursed thing back. They ask us if any strange things have ever happened to us, or if we’ve ever seen or done something odd. Quickly, Analyn reveals that in the mornings she is often sent to start the fires and then a flame ignites from her palms. Though I am taken aback, it is nothing compared to one of the tavern wenches who walks in at that very moment.
The young woman begins to scream and bolts out of the door. Analyn excuses herself from the table and I follow quickly behind. We come upon the wench frantically blathering about the event to her coworkers, but when she spies us she is off again. We ask the girls what they were told, and though they were told the truth they seem skeptical. Analyn lies and tells them that the girl had been hallucinating, and I corroborate by adding that she was likely chewing Redtip – a breed of plant that grows locally and can often cause strange visions. The girls accept this answer and we return to the private dining area set up for these impressive guests.
After we settle back at the table, the pair inquire as to what I can do, already seeming somewhat bored with Analyn’s impressive power. I take a knife from the table and stab my hand with it. However, when the blade should pierce my skin glowing silver lines rush from my shoulder and form a single, mass around the impact site, blocking the blade. The two nod to each other and quickly begin a proposition: that we accompany them to a school for “gifted people” such as ourselves where they learn, as Dr. Claibourne bluntly puts it, magic – complete with wiggling finger accompaniment.
I am almost thrilled by the opportunity. There is little left for me in Split Ford since my mother’s passing, and I believe a change of scenery might do me well. Analyn also jumps at the opportunity, but she first must make sure it is acceptable with her parents. Her mother seems somewhat disheartened by the idea, but her father seems to find the arrangement fine after hearing of how the state is apparently willing to pay for the costs of our learning. Seeing an opportunity though, I strike a quick deal with Analyn’s father not long before we leave. I offer to sell him the whole of my flock and the land it grazes on for a relatively meager sum. It is plenty to see that I am well provided for outside of Split Ford, but it does not make me a rich man by any means.
The trip from Split Ford to Cenaela is only a few short days North, and there is little to do. We, Analyn and I, spend most of the first day trying to find out what the University is like, but the questioning soon devolves into a game of seeing how to differently ask “are we there yet?” and “how much longer until we arrive?” When we are only a few hours away we reach the coast, and the view makes both of us students-to-be stop in our tracks. The ocean – I never really thought I would see anything like in my lifetime. Analyn begs the question on the fron of both of our minds, “can we go down to the shore?” Dr. Claibourne seems impatient to reach our destination, but he consents and we go down to the water with Ms. Laura. For an hour – maybe two – we act like complete children, splashing water and playing in the sand. Ms. Laura is content to simply watch, but she seems to be mildly amused by our antics.
Too soon Dr. Claibourne calls for us to get back on the road and we finish the last leg of our journey. At last, we reach the University of Cenaela. We are promptly shown to the stables to put up our horses then assigned a dorm room to sleep in for the night. We are told that tomorrow is the only day for us to acclimate ourselves before the dean’s commencement address, and the day after starts classes.
Mixed by Eli Crews, Steve Adams and Jon Raskin at New Improved Recording, Oakland, CA on Oct. 29 and Nov. 17, 2008.
Mad Mike competes in two pro drift spec Mazda cars. All over the globe and every time he is behind the wheel and initiates his high speed drift he still experiences that same rush of adrenaline that keeps him hooked. He recently conquered the Crown Range, New Zealand a road composed of 47 corners, 1076 metres elevation, 10.4km long, one of the most demanding and technical drives of the country. For the first time the mystic road has been closed for only one man, Mike Whiddett. Mike was able to pull sixth gear along the Crown Terrace and winds the Mazda RX7′s 750 horsepower engine out to its redline hitting a max speed of 240km/h on those slippery and tricky mountain roads. A couple of slow motion cameras, some Go Pros, a helicopter and a big filming crew and BAM the greatest ride of all time has been written in history. (The Behind Scene video is linked below as well) Red Bull I salute you for sponsoring such amazing people!
This entry was posted in Road Drifting and tagged Advertising, Behind the scenes, cars, crown range new zealand, drifting, mad mike, mad mike drifting, mad mike red bull, mad mike Whiddett, mad mike's mazda, Mazda RX7, mountain road, red bull, redbull, supercars by JP Zakher. Bookmark the permalink.
It may seem that a lawn mower and a trimmer are enough to sustain your yard’s neatness and ensure a healthy turf. If you abide by this principle, then don’t be surprised to see your yard in disarray within a few months.
Because it is important to maintain your business’ image, consider the help of experts from a reputable lawn service franchise.
The area around your business is a reflection of your company. A turf that is yellowing and dried up or a lawn that’s overgrown with weeds won’t attract customers.
Commercial properties require the attention of no less than the best in the business. Services for commercial areas are available within your neighborhood, if not from nearby cities. Identifying and choosing a prospective partner should be part of your business plan.
Choosing a local company is the way to go. Local organizations are accessible, so much so that you can deal with the owners themselves.
Think about your vision for your company. If your dreams are big, simply cutting the grass once in a while may not be enough. Placing pots of various flowery plants along the walkway might not do the job. You have to step up your game.
A business with an impressive curb appeal attracts more customers. By choosing a professional lawn care partner, you are embracing opportunities.
Take advantage of services other than basic yard maintenance. Local lawn experts usually offer pest control and fertilization, irrigation services, snow and ice management, and outdoor lighting. Experts recommend entering into an annual agreement with the experts about regular lawn care and landscaping support to maximize available services.
Your yard might require season-specific treatments. Only experts in yard care and landscaping allow you to maintain neat and impressive grounds — a yard that reflects the ambition and purpose of your company.
Branding Business Business Franchise business tips buying Cleaning Services coffee construction corporate design employment Environment Event finance Finances food Franchise Health Home home improvement Home Maintenance House investment Lifestyle Loans Marketing money mortgage office operations Parenting Properties property property management Real Estate Recycling safety Scrap Metal Service Services tips Transportation Waste management Wedding workplace
The Atlantic Bridge is a fast-growing online publication that covers comprehensive news and accounts on marketing techniques, growth strategies, and startup business success. What was once just the brainchild of a business-minded team has now borne fruit — everything you see on this website is a collaboration of experienced, determined, and passionate individuals.
A surprising issue that has arisen in the American political arena is not foreign policy, but rather which breed of dog the Obama's chose to join their family in the White House. Barack Obama has announced that his family narrowed their breed choices to a Labradoodle, a mix between a Labrador retriever and a Poodle, and a Portuguese water dog. Both breeds are large, with curly hair and a mild amount of shedding.
Obama stated in interviews that a limiting factor was his daughter Malia's allergies. They decided on a six month old Portuguese water dog they named Bo. The dog is a gift from Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, who owns several Portuguese water dogs.
There has been a long history of pets in the White House. Most Presidential pooches have been pure-breed dogs, including "Buddy" Clinton, a chocolate Labrador retriever and "Barney" and "Miss Beazley" Bush, both Scottish terriers. Bush Sr. had a Springer Spaniel named "Millie" that gave birth to puppies while at the White House. Ford's Golden Retriever "Liberty" also had a litter of puppies. Reagan owned a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named "Rex" and a Bouvier des Flandres named "Lucky". James Garfield named his dog "Veto".
There have been some mix-breed dogs in the White House though: Abraham Lincoln's dog "Fido" and Lyndon B. Johnson's dog "Yuki" were both strays that found a home in the most prominent house in the world. Cats have also lived at the White House, most notably "Socks" Clinton. Eleven presidents have brought their cats to the White House, including Lincoln, McKinley, Theodore Roosevelt, Kennedy, Ford, Carter, Clinton, and George W. Bush. Although the standard White House pets are dogs and cats, a few presidents have enjoyed the company of more rare animals. John Quincy Adams owned an alligator and silkworms. Martin Van Buren briefly owned two tiger cubs. Calvin Coolidge had pet raccoons and a pygmy hippopotamus named Billy, among many other exotic pets. James Buchanan had a Newfoundland named "Lara" and owned a herd of elephants, which were a gift from the King of Siam, and two bald eagles. John F. Kennedy had a collection of animals joining him at the White House, including dogs, cats, birds, rabbits, hamsters, ponies, and horses.
Teddy Roosevelt had the most elaborate menagerie at the White House, including a bear named Jonathan Edwards, a badger named Josiah, and a blue macaw named Eli. He also had a lion, a hyena, a wildcat, a coyote, bears, a zebra, and various dogs, cats, snakes, hamsters, and guinea pigs. Animals at the White House certainly provides opportunities for some embarrassing occurrences. Teddy Roosevelt's Bull Terrier named "Pete" chewed a hole in the French ambassador's pants at a White House reception. "Yuki", Lyndon B. Johnson's mix-breed dog would howl during Oval Office meetings. Jimmy Carter's dog "Grits" ruined a White House photo op for Heartworm Awareness Week by becoming aggressive, ripping off her muzzle, and growling while a technician tried to draw blood for a heartworm test. Obama and his family have a big choice to make. Animals living with their family at the White House are an American tradition, and whichever dog the Obama's choose, one thing is for sure, it will be one lucky dog.
Whether a pet's name comes from pop culture, their owner's profession, or is named after a loved one, there are many choices for pets names. The Presidential dog is named "Bo" in reference to singer Bo Diddley. Below are the most popular dog names:
When I called Mom earlier, she told me that Tipper's not doing so well lately, not eating or moving around much. She took her in to the vet and she's not sick, she's just...old. The vet gave her some medication to keep her comfortable, but he said it's probably only going to be a matter of days now.
Tipper's older than I am, and I've pretty much been expecting this for the past three or four years. It's really a miracle she's lived this long, and I'm really grateful that she's not in any pain and that we don't have to make a choice about putting her down. At the same time, I had this nagging fear that she'd finally give out as soon as I left, and it doesn't seem fair that that should come true. It doesn't seem fair that I can't be with her like I should be, and it doesn't seem fair that it's Mom carrying her up and down the stairs because she can't climb them anymore. She's my cat, and I feel like I'm letting her down by being so far away for the last time she needs me. I should be there, and I'm not.
Mom's a Hospice worker, so she knew what I needed--we talked about how she's had a good life and how I haven't been a bad owner, and she held the phone close so I could tell her goodbye without my even asking (which is good, because I would have felt stupid asking). She agreed to give her some ice cream off her fingers one last time, and we decided on a place to bury her.
So...now she's not even dead yet, and there's still the after-reception feeling, when nothing's really changed in how you feel, but you still have to clean up.
Probably everyone's seen this, but it really adequately explains my situation better than I ever could.
To celebrate the championship of Delhi Waveriders in the Hero Hockey India League 2014 & engage our fans and sports lovers all around the world, we have introduced few music tracks.
The tracks capture the legendary performance of the players of Delhi Waveriders & their preparedness to counter the challenges for the 2015 Hero Hockey India League. The tracks in the Album are short & sweet and capture the undying spirit of Turf Ke Tigers, Delhi Waveriders to conquer the turf once again in 2015. In its true spirit, the album is called ‘Rok Sako to Rok lo’ by Paddy Boyz.
PADDY BOYZ is a 5 member Delhi band that has more than 150 concerts to its credit. The band plays sufi, indirock and Bollywood. Their lead singer and founder member is PADAMJEET SEHRAWATA who already has two studio albums to his name as a composer and singer.He is a television anchor and commentator as well.
PADDY BOYZ are also composing for two films at the moment. ROK SAKO TO ROK LO is very close to their heart as it happens to be their first album as a band.
Our team stands for respect for hockey, the national game and the glory of the players who represent the game. Delhi WAVERIDERS is proud to be a part of the Hockey India League, a premier sports league and a benchmark in the history of the game.
Recent history of winners for MLB All-Rookie Team (Baseball America). There is some lag in updating awards data and they may not provide an entire history of winners. The list below is separated by year with a dividing line. Some awards have multiple award winners for all or some years.
The information used here for boxscores (other than current season) was obtained free of charge from and is copyrighted by Retrosheet.org. Interested parties may contact Retrosheet at 20 Sunset Rd., Newark, DE 19711. .
The Best You, February 19, 2015 August 29, 2016 , March 2015, Wealth and Riches, business, coaching, Financial success, Jill McCulloch, passion, wealth, 0
By what measures do you evaluate your wealth? Jill McCulloch believes it takes more than financial success to become...
©2018 Licensed by The Best You to JBM Management Ltd or it's affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Registered in England and Wales. Registered office: Abacus House 14-18 Forest Road, Loughton - Essex IG10 1DX
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By clicking on any link on this page or simply navigating on it, you are giving your consent for us to set cookies. More information in our Cookie Policy.
What happens when you say “no” to your destiny…only to discover that it brings you more joy than you could have imagined?
This week, Katy interviews Antonio Sersale, son of one of the four founding siblings of the legendary Le Sirenuse Hotel in Postiano on the Amalfi Coast. From a young age, Antonio was groomed...
After a transformative trip to India during college, Michael Maren realized that in order to feel fully alive, he had to go back overseas. He joined the Peace Corps after graduating and a series of chance events led him to Kenya, where he stayed for the next five years, teaching English, Physics, and Swahili at a...
This week, we hit the streets of Rome with our recording equipment to search for ancient artifacts or “spoglie” hidden in plain sight. Rome has been inhabited without interruption for over three thousand of years. A past like that cannot but leave its mark on a city. And if you keep your eyes open, the vestiges...
Rome is crumbling...just as it has been for centuries. But what does it say about us adopted Romans that we choose to live in a city's whose glory days are all in the past?
Why do so many of us, who can't even use the excuse that this is our native land, choose to live here, often at considerable financial and...
Expats, former expats, future expats, and travelers: this is the podcast you've been looking for. It's about stepping off the beaten path and out of your comfort zone, and what happens when you do. Join public radio's Katy Sewall (San Francisco/Seattle) and writer Tiffany Parks (Rome) for weekly, topical conversation. Get to know Italy. Laugh at the embarrassments; cry at the losses. Learn from interviews with famous authors and expats worldwide. Most of all, explore the possibilities for your own adventurous life. The show is a journey, so don't be afraid to start at the beginning.
When you travel, do you always go somewhere new, or do you revisit the same places again and again? What personality factors determine whether you prefer novelty or familiarity on the road? Host Tiffany Parks thinks life is short and the world is big. Why wouldn't you try to see as much as possible? Host Katy Sewall prefers returning to already visited locations. Is Tiffany just a bolder traveler?
Thanks to Stackry.com for supporting this program. Shop any US retailer and ship anywhere for less money. Bittersweet Life listeners get 10% off when you try it! Just use the coupon code: MANGIA
LIVE SHOW IN SEATTLE! On Friday, March 16, 2018, we celebrate the release of Tiffany's book Midnight in the Piazza with a live performance of The Bittersweet Life. It's at 7:30pm at the Greenwood Senior Center (525 N 85th St, Seattle, WA 98103). Get tickets here!
SAY HI! If you have a question or a topic you want us to address, send us an email. Write to: bittersweetlife@mail.com
You can also talk to us through Twitter, Facebook and Instagram - Tag #thebittersweetlife with your story for a chance to be featured!
DONATE! Open your laptop and visit The Bittersweet Life and click the donate button on the right side of the page. The show needs your support to continue.
TheCapCity.com aim is to have your items shipped to you as fast as possible; therefore we offer overnight shipping on all orders within Malaysia.
Orders are shipped by Pos Malaysia daily and they are delivered between 9 am and 5 pm Monday – Friday to the given shipping address. Please note that overnight delivery times do not include Saturdays, Sundays or Public Holidays. Please also ensure that you enter your shipping address correctly as we cannot redirect orders once they have been shipped.
To track your order, please use the tracking ID sent to you in the confirmation email. As a precaution, please keep the receipt of the delivered product or transaction ID.
In the rare circumstance that your item has a defect or is missing from your order please contact Customer Service at info@thecapcity.com .
With more than thirty years of experience in designing and building modular systems, ChemPro’s expertise can solve your process problems and help reduce competitive pressures. Our capabilities cover all aspects of modular process unit design and construction, including:
Tennis and badminton are the games I like to play during weekends. I also love to spend time with my pets. Otherwise, I�m just at home � sleeping.
I love going outdoors! I like to go shopping with my friends and family. I also like to eat at different restaurants and taste their house specialty.
I like sports! I play tennis, golf, and soccer. I also love swimming, fishing and hiking. When I have the time, I watch basketball, hockey and football with my friends, hang out at the pool hall and eat pizza.
I like day dreaming (it�s for free anyway!), cooking (for my loved ones), and playing with little kids (they are so adorable). I�m a dreamer who dreams of dinner by candle light, rose petals on the bed, bubble baths, four string quartets� In the meantime, I�ll tend to a small garden and finish up my scrapbook.
Whenever I can wriggle off work, I try to get as much sleep as I can. I also catch the latest movies and try out different restaurants. Sometimes I visit friends and family and spend the weekend with them.
By Ray Bennett LONDON – Not so much a play as a staged documentary, David Hare’s insightful “The Power of Yes” at the National Theatre is the result of the playwright acting as a journalist in search of the reasons … Continue reading →
With the 50th anniversary production of John Osborne’s “The Entertainer” opening at London’s The Old Vic tonight, I am reminded of the passionate and illuminating address that fellow playwright David Hare made in Osborne’s defence at the Hay Literary Festival … Continue reading →
By Ray Bennett LONDON – When successive Conservative governments under Margaret Thatcher and John Major sold off most of the nationalised British rail system to private industry, former Tory prime minister Harold Macmillan described it as “selling off the family … Continue reading →
After your day of exploration or a leisurely walk down the beach, dip in our newly built indoor pool or soak your body in our comfortable indoor spa where you can relax and melt your stress away. We also have a therapeutic sauna room for your enjoyment.
Meticulously manicured outdoor lawn area where guests enjoy unobstructed, panoramic views of the Pacific Ocean
Lacking sexiness, the Warriors defense is under the radar, rarely discussed, yet they have the best defensive rating in the playoffs at 101.9. No other team has a defensive rating below 103. Why is no one paying attention to what the Dubs are doing on the other end of the court? For starters, the Warriors defense isn’t a glamour subject when you have James Harden and Chris Paul trying to get to their first NBA Finals. But it is because of the Warriors defense, paired with skilled offensive players, that has the Warriors on pace to take a stranglehold of the Western Conference Finals on Wednesday night.
The Western Conference Finals series which the Rockets now trail- to the surprise of no one- reminds us of the inconsistency of the Rockets despite the brilliance of James Harden. What other team could have their best player score 41 points and lose by double digits? A team with a star player that is atrocious on defense. The Warriors attacked the weakest defensive link on the Rockets. Go at the Beard. Over and over and over again. Switching everything which the Rockets love to do covers up a bleeding wound with a bandaid. The Rockets are not physical and don’t grab and hold and do dirty stuff. On the other side of the ledger, the Warriors are happy to get chippy, ala Draymond Green getting a tech one minute into the game.
In the playoffs, the Warriors are forcing teams to shoot-surprise, surprise- 32.0% from three. The Rockets are a volume three point shooting team. They made the same amount of threes as the Warriors in game one, a bad sign. If they have any hope in this series, they have to crush the Warriors from behind the arc. Golden State’s success dictates efficient three point shooting goes way down. The Warriors are allowing 101.6 points a game.
Note to everybody: when you are the best offensive team and the best defensive team, the league is in big trouble.
Simply, the Warriors defense is creating chaos. It is suppressing everything their opponents want to do. Against the Warriors, everyone is an 8th seed and it always happens at some point in the series, the one thing you can count on: a look of stunned disbelief, shell shock, and then depression. It happens when you think you are one thing and the Warriors talent and defense tells you via their performance, fall back you ain’t all that, you are so not on our level.
The Rockets missed 65% of the threes they took. They had 13 turnovers, 4 each by James Harden and Eric Gordon. They averaged 18 assists. Steph Curry and Klay Thompson had more offensive rebounds than Clint Capela. The Rockets two stars scored 64 points but were a -14.
The Warriors cause teams to doubt themselves. They create negative energy and insecurity and slumped shoulders. Defeat starts in the mind. The Warriors, as an offensive unit that is lethal and explosive and hyper-confident, understand they can beat you shot making. They know they can stop you from scoring.
The recipe seems pretty simple on how to get to the fourth straight NBA Finals: make long shots, contest shots and avoid, at all costs, laziness with the ball. And one other thing. Don’t get fooled by the Harden Eurostep or the Chris Paul toughness or the Rockets shooters. Just defend them.
What the Warriors do is make life miserable. Wing defenders Andre Iguodala, Klay Thompson, Draymond Green and Shaun Livingston are too quick for the Rockets. They contest shots. Always. When the Rockets try to drive, there should be Green or Iguodala or Thompson. When the Rockets try to pass the ball, the Warriors should be in the passing lane and create a turnover. Should be isn’t the same as will be. It was a contested three that lost the Warriors the title. Contested shots are the bane of NBA coaches. You can’t draw up a play that will keep a James Harden contested shot from going in.
Golden State covers too much ground too quickly and the Rockets are hoping P.J. Tucker is a difference maker. And Trevor Ariza, the Kevin Durant stopper. And so this is the damage the Warriors are laying on the Rockets in a perfect world, causing them to go to Plan B and Plan C, all because the Warriors defense is really that good.
Theodore Roosevelt once said. “Speak softly but carry a big stick.” That big stick hit the Rockets over the head on Monday night. Again and again. Good luck Houston. The season has to be saved on Wednesday.
Want to be notified when the latest NBA article is published? Subscribe and you will be the first to read it
Planning and design for healthy, liveable communities in the Australian tropics can involve quite different considerations from those that apply down south. Silvia Tavares
There's no such thing as a one-size-fits-all plan for sustainable, healthy urban living. Urban diaries help identify what works – and doesn't work – for tropical cities like Cairns or Townsville.
What does a green star rating – One Central Park apartments in Sydney received five stars, for instance – actually mean? AAP
Buildings are central to creating more sustainable cities, and green ratings are often used to assess how well a building measures up against this goal. But the current system has serious flaws.
The old Pratt Street power plant in Baltimore in the US is now home to commercial uses. But the heritage preservation is compromised by advertising that is not sympathetic to the building style and design. Wikimedia Commons
Adaptively re-using buildings can preserve heritage while enabling new uses that help make cities more liveable and sustainable.
We need to look behind the sharing economy’s apparently informal, casual intent to consider the impacts on people’s lives. Montri Nipitvittaya/Shutterstock
In cities dominated by globalised market forces, how can we achieve social equity and justice? For any sharing economy idea, we need to ask what will it do to fix the big problems confronting us all.
Would you be shocked by a supermarket without carrots, potatoes or broccoli, at any time of year? But harvesting in the off-season does serious damage to our soil.
An outstanding example of sustainable residential building, Breathe Architecture’s The Commons apartments in Melbourne won a 2014 National Architecture Award. Image courtesy of Australian Institute of Architects
New South Wales is the only state that has made meaningful progress on legislation and enforcement of standards capable of creating a sustainable built environment.
A tiny house in the backyard appeals to some as a solution that offers both affordability and sustainability. Think Out Loud/flick
New research has found a marked increase in people, particularly among women over 50, who are building or want to build a tiny house. However, inflexible planning rules often stand in their way.
Some local councils are more tolerant than others in allowing residents to grow food where they want. dscribe
Urban residents are increasingly keen to farm verges, parks, rooftops and backyards, but planning rules sometimes stand in the way.
City dwellers are individually starting to do their bit to live sustainably. Now pioneering businesses are aiming to make ecological and social sustainability part of their bottom line.
The uniquely weak regulation of high-rise, high-density development exemplifies the market-driven growth of Australian cities. Julian Smith/AAP
Achieving the goal of sustainable cities depends on rolling back the market after decades of privatisation and deregulation.
The public and finance sectors – but not the government, it seems – are questioning the wisdom of investing in infrastructure for projects like the Adani coal mine. Lukas Coch/AAP
If infrastructure is to meet the needs and challenges of an uncertain future, we need to move beyond the AAA ratings mindset and aim for net-positive social and ecological outcomes as well.
With so many choices for coffee, it’s hard to know which is the environmentally healthy option. Shutterstock
Your cup of coffee might cost the world more than you think, but a little knowledge goes a long way if you want to make an eco-friendly choice.
Smart cities are usually optimised like a business for speed and efficiency. Placemaking can slow down cities to improve health and wellbeing and promote more democratic engagement of citizens.
Information is assumed to be key to changing people's attitudes and behaviour. Sadly this isn't the case.
Think of all the resources needed to transform Shenzhen, a fishing town 35 years ago, into a megacity of more than 10 million people. Wikimedia Commons
Our cities need to become much more efficient not just to conserve precious resources but to improve the economy, wellbeing and resilience to environmental change and disasters.
A floral wreath made from vegan leather designed by Sofia Moreno-Marcos and York Hon John Liang in 2014. QUT media
Alice Payne, Queensland University of Technology; Dean Brough, Queensland University of Technology et Peter Musk, State Library of Queensland
Conventional leather is fraught with ethical and environmental issues. But leather grown from fermented kombucha tea offers consumers a glimpse of a DIY, sustainable future.
Deputy Pro Vice Chancellor, Research & Innovation; Director of UNGC Cities Programme; Professor, RMIT University
Senior lecturer in Fashion, Queensland University of Technology, Queensland University of Technology
very informative post for me as I am always looking for new content that can help me and my knowledge grow better.
without consent of VIL Media is illegal.Such persons will be prosecuted. Terms & Conditions | Privacy policy
Sonya Cocopop – Unfiltered Words | Because, In the Kingdom of Truth, everything is transparent and there is no place to hide a dark heart…
Flotek develops and delivers prescriptive chemistry-based technology, including specialty chemicals, to clients in the energy, consumer industrials and food & beverage industries.
Flotek leaders are trusted experts and innovators with extensive industry experience. Flotek is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
Flotek leads in research and innovation efforts that support our vision and our commitment to best-in-class, environmentally advanced solutions for the energy industry.
Stimulation chemistry produced by Flotek Chemistry include a comprehensive array of chemistry for every well stimulation challenge. Our products include the biodegradable Complex nano-Fluid® technology suite as well as acid corrosion inhibitors and acid systems, buffers, clay control, fluid loss control, friction reducers, iron control, non-emulsifiers, surfactants and many more.
Cementing chemistry provided by Flotek Chemistry allows you to customize the chemistry and performance of cement to fit the individual challenges of every well.
IOR chemicals delivered by Flotek Chemistry maximize recovery using the environmentally responsible CnF® suite and other technologies.
Drilling fluid additives produced by Flotek Chemistry optimize the permeability of the reservoir to hydrocarbons and improve drilling system performance, control drilling solids, improve completion rates, reduce bit balling in water-sensitive formations, and more.
Coil tubing chemistry produced by Flotek Chemistry include foamers, friction reducers and lubricants designed for coil tubing operations.
Reservoir characterization and management services provided by Flotek include reserve assessments, field development and feasibility studies, conformance/profile modification design, tracer studies (design and interpretation) especially as they might impact well treatment and/or improved oil recovery (IOR) projects.
Reservoir evaluation and project supervision services provided by Flotek determines the most effective application of their polymer conformance technologies and guide the execution for maximum results.
Logistics services offered by MTI fulfill your company’s total logistics requirements, including third-party material handling services, turn-key design and construction services, and plant components and equipment sales.
Florida Chemical provides citrus oils for flavor and fragrance applications as well as technical grades of citrus oils.
Listen to webcasts of Flotek’s latest industry presentations on company activities and accomplishments, and view in-depth supporting media and presentation materials.
Flotek is committed to effective and transparent corporate governance practices that foster the confidence of our stockholders. This includes information about the board and committee members as well as the guidelines they have adopted in order to manage the company’s business affairs.
Flotek’s financial reporting information and interactive tools provide investors with the resources they need to understand our up-to-the-moment financial standing.
Flotek Industries Announces Updated Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Release Date and Conference Call Schedule and Winter Investor Day Details
HOUSTON, January 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Flotek Industries, Inc. (NYSE: FTK - News) this morning announced that it will host its 2014 fourth quarter and year-end earnings release and conference call on Wednesday, January 28, 2015. The conference call was originally scheduled for Thursday, January 29, 2015. The company accelerated its reporting schedule to accommodate other business scheduling issues that conflicted with the original reporting date.
Flotek plans to file its 10-K after the market close on Tuesday, January 27, 2015. In addition, the Company will provide additional details regarding financial and operating results in a press release after the market close on January 27, 2015. Flotek intends to provide dial-in information through a press release on January 27, 2015.
Flotek also announced that it will host its annual Winter Investor Meetings in Central Florida on February 2, 2015. The meeting will include discussions regarding Flotek’s view of macroeconomic drivers impacting the energy markets; a comprehensive update on advances in Flotek’s CnF® completion chemistries as well as other chemical initiatives; an introduction and detailed presentation of FracMax™, the Company’s patent-pending, proprietary software analysis package that provides the most comprehensive analysis of well inputs and associated production results in North America; an introduction to the design of Flotek’s new Global Research & Innovation headquarters; a review of current drilling technologies initiatives including details regarding the Stemulator™, Teledrift™ and TelePulse™, the Company’s new directional measurement-while-drilling technology; an introduction to new technologies in Flotek’s Production Technologies segment; and a tour of Florida Chemical’s world-class citrus processing and research facilities.
The presentation is open to investors and investment analysts. For more information, including registration details, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Flotek is a global developer and distributor of a portfolio of innovative oilfield technologies, including specialty chemicals and down-hole drilling and production equipment. It serves major and independent companies in the domestic and international oilfield service industry. Flotek Industries, Inc. is a publicly traded company headquartered in Houston, Texas, and its common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "FTK."
Certain statements set forth in this Press Release constitute forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) regarding Flotek Industries, Inc.'s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Press Release.
Although forward-looking statements in this Press Release reflect the good faith judgment of management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known to management. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, but are not limited to, demand for oil and natural gas drilling services in the areas and markets in which the Company operates, competition, obsolescence of products and services, the Company's ability to obtain financing to support its operations, environmental and other casualty risks, and the impact of government regulation.
Further information about the risks and uncertainties that may impact the Company are set forth in the Company's most recent filings on Form 10-K (including without limitation in the "Risk Factors" Section), and in the Company's other SEC filings and publicly available documents. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Press Release. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Press Release.
Thank you for taking the time to visit our site. We want to do everything possible to make your experience a beneficial and productive one. Everyone at FLOTEK is devoted to making our products and service a valuable component of your business success. If there is anything you may need, please feel free to contact us.
We love the raw emotion of photojournalism and the seductive, mysterious look of fashion photography.
We are an observer most of the time with very limited intrusion only when it is desired to achieve a particular artistic vision.
We believe that weddings are a social celebration of a very sacred commitment. We feel honored to be participants
We put the soul! It is all that we truly believe, our passion, our work and our art. Telling the story, all that really happens, the emotions, tears your love story. If you enjoy our pictures and all our work.
This is the default parked page for domain names registered with LCN. You should only see this page when a registered domain does not have an attached hosting package.
Our great value hosting packages are fast, secure, and reliable - the perfect home for your domain name. Plus we have packages optimised specifically for WordPress websites. Or if you don't need a website right now, you can choose an email only hosting plan.
Did you know that every domain name at LCN comes with a free email account? Set up an email address in minutes and start sending and receiving email today.
Perhaps you’re not ready for web hosting yet, or don’t need it at all? Instead you could redirect this domain to an existing website and set up email forwarding.
Got a question, like how to get a site online? Or just want to have a chat about your hosting options? Don’t hesitate give us a call or drop as an email any day of the week. Contact us today.
Hello beauties!! I hope your week is faring well so far!! I am doing grand, I feel quite great actually :) The weather has been up and down, but it has failed to dampen my mood any. I've been busing away with my girls and my books. This is another place I went to while I was away for the week, I have yet to finish showing you all the museum still, but I will get to that soon. I wanted to get this shorter post done first. This is a place I had been wanting to go for a long time now & it was really exciting to finally get to. As you know, I am a mega Mackintosh admirer & I enjoy seeing his work in real life. This place was designed by him, I just wish he would have lived to actually have seen it come alive. If you don't know who Charles Rennie Mackintosh is..see my post on him here! I hope you enjoy & have a super duper day!!
The House for an Art Lover is based on a design produced in 1901 by Charles Rennie Mackintosh with his wife, Margaret MacDonald. The building is situated in Bellahouston Park in Glasgow,Scotland. Construction began in 1989 and the house was finally opened to the public in 1996. Mackintosh's original designs were interpreted and realized by John Kane and Graeme Robertson (up to 1990) under Andrew MacMillan, with contributions by many contemporary artists. Original portfolio designs are displayed in each room to allow comparisons.
The house was originally designed for an ideas competition set by the German design magazine Zeitschrift für Innendekoration for a "Haus eines Kunstfreundes" (Art Lover's House). Despite disqualification due to late entry, the portfolio was awarded a prize for "pronounced personal quality, novel and austere form and the uniform configuration of interior and exterior".
{Silly me didn't realize the door had an exit sign on it at the time, but I kept the photo because after looking at it, I realized the rope across the doors combined with the handles, windows and sign above make a face smiling back at us all, haha!}
{This is the Oval Room - Mr. Mackintosh's favourite feminine symbol was the oval, it occurs in much of his work. The oval shape is carried through the walls to the cabinet and into the details of the fireplace and the light. Unlike the other principle rooms in the house, The Oval room is shown only in plan, without a detailed illustration of the proposed interior.}
{Sitting in the hallway booth, I loved these old fashioned style booths...Mackintosh was a genius, the light shining in on me}
{I would like to have this re-made for my house windows, it's beautiful. When I look at it, I almost see a figure reaching out to hug the rose on the right, it's wonderful}
Some things I bought from the gift shop..I love Art Nouveau style anything, so these earrings were a must & I love pins, brooches and that kind of thing too, so I bought these too..may go back for these others as well...the lady must have thought I was a tourist (since I'm American & my voice goes more American when I get nervous talking to someone new, lol) because she gave me a mega discount on what I bought, I didn't have to pay tax duties, woooo! Loved that :)
{All Photos taken by me, KizzyDoll. Ones of me taken by Gorgeous Gavin. Please do not use with my permission, thank you}
just dying here!!! ohmygoodnesssss!!! what a beautiful home. art nouveau is so beautiful. the art above 'your piano' struck me immediately that it was a woman's face.
These photos are actually so beautiful doll, it's great that you got the privilege to check this place out.
Somewhere I have always wanted to visit - now pushed even higher on my list of 'must dos' having seen your gorgeous photos. Lovely post. M x
This is such a beautiful house!! Love the music room colors and details! You always share amazing pics! Hope you are having a wonderful day!
wow, that house is cool. I love Art Nouveau style too! I would love to have a whole house that looks like that time frame! Like the house in the movie Casper! hahahaha
What a fabulous place!!! I'd love to visit. Those windows are just incredible, aren't they? What I would do to have ones like those.
Wow, what a stunning example of beautiful architecture! I love the oval room and all the chairs in the house!
I've realized that I am actually getting educated when I read your posts full of art and history. I love being introduced to all the different places, buildings, art, etc, that you visit. This was another incredible bit of knowledge! Thank you! xo
I want a house like that! I love the piano...the details are just so intricate and divine! thanks for sharing. :)
Wow! That piano! Absolutely amazing! That's a beautiful house and it would be a great place to visit.
Thanks so much for your continued comments, I really appreciate it. I'm currently rather withdrawn from the online world and blogging less, so sorry I don't stop by very often... Hope you're well, bisous xo
This is awesome! The stained glass is especially beautiful!!! I'm glad you gotta chance to visit and share it here with all of us because I would have never known of this places existence or be aware of just exactly who Charles Mackintosh is! Thank you! I hope that your week is going well!!!!!! Talk to you soon!
I remember reading about Mackintosh when I studied art history. I like Art Nouveau too, and one thing I really love about this house is the reappearing rose! That music room is amazing! If I lived there I would turn it into a dance studio tho... :) xxx
Oh my ... I was enchanted and entranced by this. I have to get to this house someday soon! Love all the beautiful photos you took--it looks so magical!
That house is AMAZING!! What a cool place to visit. :) It truly is a work of art, from the inside out.
im really amazed of this hse,something that i would say the design is beyond creativity,this is by far the most creative hse ive seen.its very very original.i mean if i ever see other houses like this i know where it is originated from,i hope someday could visit u and maybe u can be my tourist guide :)
i do enjoyed to see such exotic places in the world.at least when u post and shared something like this,it does benefit to those who seek for such great places to visit
I think that Tim Walker has photographed that house before - and that it's been in many ad campaigns. It's so beautiful, inside and out! Thank you for sharing these lovely pictures, darling! Glad to hear you've been doing so well. xox
Welcome to my dreams, my thoughts & creations, stay a while & forget the world! Leave me a tale, a vision or two!! Thank you for your words, they leave glitter & stardust on my heart...
Archive November 2018 (5) October 2018 (1) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (2) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (5) March 2018 (6) February 2018 (7) January 2018 (6) December 2017 (5) September 2017 (1) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (9) February 2017 (5) January 2017 (11) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (7) January 2016 (6) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (7) August 2015 (7) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (10) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (11) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (10) December 2014 (7) November 2014 (10) October 2014 (11) September 2014 (11) August 2014 (9) July 2014 (11) June 2014 (13) May 2014 (13) April 2014 (13) March 2014 (12) February 2014 (12) January 2014 (14) December 2013 (10) November 2013 (13) October 2013 (13) September 2013 (13) August 2013 (14) July 2013 (10) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (12) April 2013 (10) March 2013 (15) February 2013 (9) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (10) September 2012 (10) August 2012 (11) July 2012 (9) June 2012 (10) May 2012 (11) April 2012 (10) March 2012 (12) February 2012 (12) January 2012 (10) December 2011 (13) November 2011 (12) October 2011 (10) September 2011 (11) August 2011 (13) July 2011 (13) June 2011 (13) May 2011 (10) April 2011 (12) March 2011 (12) February 2011 (16) January 2011 (14) December 2010 (6)
Community is important to us, and supporting events that enrich the neighborhoods where we live and work is one way we give back. To learn more about what Windermere is doing in your community, please contact your agent. Here is a list of annual events Windermere sponsors:
In January, the Windermere Foundation and the YMCA participate in the annual Husky Hoops free-throw fundraiser. For every hoop a “Y” kid makes, a $100 donation is made to the “Windermere Kids at the Y” scholarship fund.
The races are held as part of the celebration of Seattle's Opening Day of Boating Season and are followed by the Seattle Yacht Club's Opening Day Boat Parade. More than 700 rowers compete in this prestigious international event, which culminates with the women's and men's Windermere Cup races.
Offices sponsor this scenic point-to-point Marathon on the Centennial Trail from Post Falls, Idaho to Riverfront Park in downtown Spokane, as well as an entire weekend of fitness activities; Windermeremarathon.com
Sponsored by the Windermere Sunland office and benefiting the LiveStrong Foundation. The North Olympic Discovery Marathon and Half-Marathon are run on a unique point-to-point course that incorporates the Olympic Discovery Trail with stunning views of the Olympic Mountains, and a five mile finishing stretch along the shores of the Strait of Juan de Fuca. The race is a USATF sanctioned event that is a Boston Marathon qualifier and is chip timed. Nodm.com
Every year, during the first weekend in June, agents across the country participate in the National Association of REALTORS® Nationwide Open House, raising awareness about the real estate market in our local communities.
This nationally recognized volunteer event sees all our Pacific Northwest offices close for a day of community service. Examples of projects include cleaning, landscaping, and painting senior citizens centers, facilities for physically and mentally challenged children and adults, public parks and schools, low income housing, and emergency shelters.
Windermere agents participate in the annual 200-mile bike ride from Seattle to Portland. Money raised by riders benefits the Windermere Foundation.
Each year Windermere Services hosts the annual golf tournament to benefit the Windermere Foundation and The Don Deasy Memorial Leadership 1000 Scholarship Fund. The tournament honors the memories of four Windermere Legends: Don Deasy, Terry Haberbush, Vince Haugerud, and Wally Starkey.
Offices on Whidbey Island host dancing and live music to raise funds to support charities that benefit their local community through the Windermere Foundation.
This annual day of service sees all of Windermere’s offices in California, Nevada, and Arizona take the day off from real estate to volunteer at a variety of local charitable organizations in need of service.
Offices from Burien, Federal Way, Renton South, Kent, West Campus, Maple Valley, and Renton host an annual fundraising event at the Fairwood Country Club in Renton to benefit the Windermere Foundation and support their local partner nonprofit organizations.
Ada is recommending the use of a new term in diabetes management, estimated average glucose, or eag. health care providers can now report a1c results to patients. A1c calculator* the calculation below is provided to illustrate the relationship between a1c and average blood glucose levels. this calculation is not meant to. Hba1c conversion table * less than / equal to 40 mmol/mol (5.8%) – rule out hypoglycaemia glycaemic control excellent good poor less than very poor.
Glycated hemoglobin (hemoglobin a1c, hba 1c, a1c, or hb 1c; sometimes also referred to as being hb1c or hgba1c) is a form of hemoglobin that is measured primarily to. The hemoglobin a1c is an important part of long term blood glucose monitoring. here’s how you can get more from your test results. remember, the hemoglobin a1c. Hba1c hba1c hba1c hba1c 13.0 119 6.9 52 8.9 74 10.9 96 12.9 117 6.8 51 8.8 73 10.8 95 12.8 116 6.7 50 8.7 72 10.7 93 12.7 115 6.6 49 8.6 70 10.6 92 12.6 114.
The hemoglobin a1c is an important part of long term blood glucose monitoring. here’s how you can get more from your test results. remember, the hemoglobin a1c. Home meter several years old? it may read whole blood glucose. click here to convert hba1c to whole. Hba1c conversion table * less than / equal to 40 mmol/mol (5.8%) – rule out hypoglycaemia glycaemic control excellent good poor less than very poor.
How diabetes causes blindness | When diabetes occurs | Does diabetes medicine cause weight loss | What is diabetes treatment
Diabetes education is very important for any diabetic or a person who has a diabetic at home. The education helps an individual to know more about this dreadful disease. Once educated, the individual can control diabetes in a better manner. Administering insulin, medications, and understanding emergency situations like hypoglycemic attacks, etc. are major points of diabetes education. It also includes the diet a diabetic should avoid and have. Diabetes education is very essential for each and every diabetic and individual who has someone close living with diabetes.
Several types of plants are referred to as ginseng, but most studies have used American ginseng. They've shown some sugar-lowering effects in fasting and after-meal blood sugar levels, as well as in A1c results (average blood sugar levels over a 3-month period). But we need larger and more long-term studies. Researchers also found that the amount of sugar-lowering compound in ginseng plants varies widely.
The problem is, glucose is actually toxic if it is just floating around in your bloodstream, so that body has a defense mechanism. Any glucose that is not immediately used is stored as glycogen in the liver and the muscles. This would be all well and good except that your body has a limited number of glycogen receptors. When these are full, as they almost always are in inactive people, the body only has one option left: to store all the excess glucose as saturated fat within the body.
Chinese medicine has been using cinnamon for medicinal purposes for hundreds of years. It has been the subject of numerous studies to determine its effect on blood glucose levels. A 2011 study has shown that cinnamon, in whole form or extract, helps lower fasting blood glucose levels. More studies are being done, but cinnamon is showing promise for helping to treat diabetes.
Self-testing is clearly important in type I diabetes where the use of insulin therapy risks episodes of hypoglycaemia and home-testing allows for adjustment of dosage on each administration.[22] However its benefit in type 2 diabetes is more controversial as there is much more variation in severity of type 2 cases.[23] It has been suggested that some type 2 patients might do as well with home urine-testing alone.[24] The best use of home blood-sugar monitoring is being researched.[25]
Reduce Stress– Stress raises cortisol and can lead to hormone imbalance, insulin issues and increases risk for certain types of disease. Work to reduce your sources of stress from lack of sleep, exposure to toxins, mental and emotional sources and poor diet. Getting quality sleep every night can help reduce stress hormone levels and is great for blood sugar.
Talking to a counselor or therapist may help you cope with the lifestyle changes that come with a type 2 diabetes diagnosis. You may find encouragement and understanding in a type 2 diabetes support group. Although support groups aren't for everyone, they can be good sources of information. Group members often know about the latest treatments and tend to share their own experiences or helpful information, such as where to find carbohydrate counts for your favorite takeout restaurant. If you're interested, your doctor may be able to recommend a group in your area.
Note that these medications used to treat type 2 diabetes are typically not used in pregnant or breastfeeding women. At present the only recommended way of controlling diabetes in women who are pregnant or breastfeeding is by diet, exercise, and insulin therapy. You should speak with your health-care professional if you are taking these medications, are considering becoming pregnant, or if you have become pregnant while taking these medications.
The researchers followed the participants after they had completed an eight-week low-calorie-milkshake diet and returned to normal eating. Six months later, those who had gone into remission immediately after the diet were still diabetes-free. Though most of those who reversed the disease had had it for less than four years, some had been diabetic for more than eight years.
A series of studies from Newcastle University in Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom, starting in 2011 have supported this notion, including a new report published online August 2 in the journal Cell Metabolism. This current investigation examined reasons why substantial weight loss in some patients produces type 2 diabetes remission, which is a state in which most or all signs and symptoms of diabetes disappear.
A healthy balance of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats in your diet will help keep your blood glucose on target. How much of each will depend on many factors, including your weight and your personal preferences. Watching your carbohydrates -- knowing how much you need and how many you are eating -- is key to blood sugar control. If you are overweight, either a low-carbohydrate, low-fat/low calorie, or Mediterranean diet may help you get your weight to goal. No more than 7% of your diet should come from saturated fat, and you should try to avoid trans fats altogether.
Besides going raw and eliminating sugar out of your life, you must switch to raw milk or its alternatives. In the book, The Devil in the Milk, Dr. Kevin Woodford explains how the type of milk we drink, directly reflects of the high incidence of many diseases, including diabetes and cancers. There are many substitutes available from almond milk to oat milk. They are extremely healthy and easy to make.
Levels which are significantly above or below this range are problematic and can in some cases be dangerous. A level of <3.8 mmol/L (<70 mg/dL) is usually described as a hypoglycemic attack (low blood sugar). Most diabetics know when they are going to "go hypo" and usually are able to eat some food or drink something sweet to raise levels. A patient who is hyperglycemic (high glucose) can also become temporarily hypoglycemic, under certain conditions (e.g. not eating regularly, or after strenuous exercise, followed by fatigue). Intensive efforts to achieve blood sugar levels close to normal have been shown to triple the risk of the most severe form of hypoglycemia, in which the patient requires assistance from by-standers in order to treat the episode.[8] In the United States, there were annually 48,500 hospitalizations for diabetic hypoglycemia and 13,100 for diabetic hypoglycemia resulting in coma in the period 1989 to 1991, before intensive blood sugar control was as widely recommended as today.[9] One study found that hospital admissions for diabetic hypoglycemia increased by 50% from 1990–1993 to 1997–2000, as strict blood sugar control efforts became more common.[10] Among intensively controlled type 1 diabetics, 55% of episodes of severe hypoglycemia occur during sleep, and 6% of all deaths in diabetics under the age of 40 are from nocturnal hypoglycemia in the so-called 'dead-in-bed syndrome,' while National Institute of Health statistics show that 2% to 4% of all deaths in diabetics are from hypoglycemia.[11] In children and adolescents following intensive blood sugar control, 21% of hypoglycemic episodes occurred without explanation.[12] In addition to the deaths caused by diabetic hypoglycemia, periods of severe low blood sugar can also cause permanent brain damage.[13] Although diabetic nerve disease is usually associated with hyperglycemia, hypoglycemia as well can initiate or worsen neuropathy in diabetics intensively struggling to reduce their hyperglycemia.[14]
At the start of the study, all of the patients had been taking two oral diabetes drugs for at least six months. But they still had poorly controlled diabetes based on blood tests showing so-called hemoglobin A1c levels, which reflect average blood sugar levels over about three months. Readings above 6.5 signal diabetes, and everyone in the study had readings of at least 7.
Katie Wells, CTNC, MCHC, Founder and CEO of Wellness Mama, has a background in research, journalism, and nutrition. As a mom of six, she turned to research and took health into her own hands to find answers to her health problems. WellnessMama.com is the culmination of her thousands of hours of research and all posts are medically reviewed and verified by the Wellness Mama research team. Katie is also the author of the bestselling books The Wellness Mama Cookbook and The Wellness Mama 5-Step Lifestyle Detox.
Jambul fruit is an effective anti-diabetes agent considering its effect on the pancreas. The fruit, its seed, and juice, all are helpful in treatment of diabetes. Jambul fruit seeds contain a glucoside compound called "jamboline", which, supposedly, has the power to check the pathological conversion of starch into sugar in cases of increased production of glucose. Regular intake of jambul fruit can trigger pancreas to release insulin. Also, it can bring down blood sugar levels considerably. Therefore, jambul is an excellent anti-diabetes agent. It is one of the best home remedies for diabetes.
Dr. Sarah Hallberg is a Medical Director at Virta Health. She also created the Medically Supervised Weight Loss Program at Indiana University Health Arnett and serves as its Medical Director. She is an adjunct Clinical Professor of Medicine at Indiana University School of Medicine. Dr. Hallberg is an expert in diabetes care and is board certified in Internal Medicine, Obesity Medicine, and Clinical Lipidology and also a Registered Clinical Exercise Physiologist from the ACSM.
The vast majority of people with diabetes, on the other hand, have the type 2 form, which is sometimes referred to as adult-onset diabetes, even though more and more children these days are developing this type. Lifestyle changes can play a vital role in controlling type 2; they are generally the initial and preferred method for regulating blood sugar levels, although oral medication and even insulin may eventually need to be added to the treatment regimen.
As of 2010, an estimated of 285 million people have type 2 diabetes globally, making up about 90% of all the diabetes cases. There is an alarming rise in the prevalence of diabetes in every part of the world, thanks to the eating habits and sedentary lifestyle. And, as opposed to the misconception that eating sweets can result in diabetes, stress and genes can also play a major role in this. As of today, number of diabetics is far more than anytime in the past. Now, even younger generation is not spared by this disease. Generally, diabetes is more common in people who are overweight or obese. Generally, fasting blood sugar levels per 100 ml of blood should be between 80 to 120 mg, which can go up to 160 mg/100 ml of blood after meals. Anything that is constantly above 160 mg/100 ml indicates diabetes. Usually, older and obese people are at increased risk of diabetes because of their inability to produce insulin and lifestyle.
Taking a fish oil supplement can help improve markers of diabetes by reducing triglyceride levels and raising HDL cholesterol levels. Research published in the Journal of Research in Medical Sciences shows that omega-3 fatty acids found in fish oil are necessary for proper insulin function, preventing insulin intolerance and reducing inflammation. (16) To use fish oil as a natural remedy for diabetes, take 1,000 milligrams daily.
If your cells aren’t responding to insulin, your pancreas produces more to turn up the volume on the signal that glucose is available and the cells should absorb it. When your pancreas can keep up, blood glucose stays within healthy ranges, and all is well. When your pancreas starts to poop out, you end up with insulin deficiency, which leads to blood sugar fluctuations and weight gain.
Lunch. Salads are always a good option for lunch – load it up with meat or tofu, cheese, avocado, veggies and a full-fat dressing like olive oil or ranch. In a rush? Grab a lettuce-wrapped burger or bread-less sandwich from any fast food outlet. Like to cook? Try steak and brussels sprouts smothered in butter, salmon and asparagus with hollandaise sauce or a Thai curry made with tofu, coconut milk and green beans.
Keeping close tabs on your diet is a major way to help manage type 2 diabetes. A healthy diet for people with type 2 diabetes includes fresh or frozen fruit and vegetables, whole grains, beans, lean meats, and low-fat or fat-free dairy. Focus on eating fruit and non-starchy vegetables, like broccoli, carrots, and lettuce, and having smaller portions of starchy foods, meats, and dairy products. Be especially careful about loading up on foods that are high on the glycemic index (GI) and especially the glycemic load (GL), systems that rank foods according to how they affect glucose levels.
“Whether it be the patient saying for the fifth time ‘I will start watching my diet and start exercising,’ or a physician saying ‘the A1c is close to goal and I don’t really want to add yet another medication and copay, we will wait and see what happens in another 3 months,’ the end result is lack of intensification and A1c goal attainment,” Pantalone said.
To drop pounds, Galati emphasizes using portion control, avoiding processed foods, and eating fresh vegetables, fruits, and fresh lean meat, poultry, and fish. Regular exercise should also be part of the program. Typically, he talks to patients about first targeting a weight loss goal of 10 percent. Once that is achieved, they typically strive for increments of 5 percent to 7 percent on a 6- to 12-month basis.
Focus on low glycemic index foods: While reducing fat and increasing fiber can significantly improve insulin sensitivity, low glycemic index (GI) foods reduce after-meal blood glucose levels. Low GI foods include pumpernickel or rye bread, oats, beans, bran cereals, most fruit, and sweet potatoes, compared to higher GI foods such as white potatoes, processed foods, and cold cereals.
Mechanism of interaction between excess amounts of fatty acids, diacylglycerol, and ceramide and insulin action within the hepatocyte. Diacylglycerol activates PKCε and inhibits activation of IRS-1 by the insulin receptor. Ceramides cause sequestration of Akt2 by PKCζ and inhibit insulin control of gluconeogenesis. These mechanisms have recently been reviewed (99). FFA, free-fatty acid; TG, triacylglycerol.
This information is solely for informational purposes. IT IS NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE. Neither the Editors of Consumer Guide (R), Publications International, Ltd., the author nor publisher take responsibility for any possible consequences from any treatment, procedure, exercise, dietary modification, action or application of medication which results from reading or following the information contained in this information. The publication of this information does not constitute the practice of medicine, and this information does not replace the advice of your physician or other health care provider. Before undertaking any course of treatment, the reader must seek the advice of their physician or other health care provider.
” 200 consecutive pts, aged 51-86, M:F ratio 3/2, with known vascular risk factors of HTN, DM, Hypercholesterolemia, hx of MI, Stent, CABG, were enrolled in a dietary program, which emphasizes large amts of leafy green vegetables, olive oil, radical reduction of grain, legumes, nightshades, and fruits; and generous amts of grassfed animal proteins, emphasizing Shellfish and avoiding commercial poultry (Diet Evolution). All pts were instructed to take 2-4,000 mg of high DHA fish oil, 200mg of Grape Seed Extract, and 50 mg of Pycnogenol per day. All pts had Endothelial Reactivity (ER) using PAT before and after a 5-minute arm occlusion using the EndoPAT 2000 (Itamar, Israel) at baseline and at 6 months.
The diagnosis of diabetes, and the effectiveness of treatments can be objectively measured. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurements and then the oral glucose tolerance test accurately measure insulin function, and guide diagnosis. While routine blood sugar monitoring (with test strips) is generally unnecessary in Type 2 diabetes, measurement gives a point estimate of blood sugar levels. Glyclated hemoglobin (A1C) levels reflect overall blood sugar trends, with higher levels associated with more complications of the disease. Interestingly, super-intensive blood glucose lowering isn’t associated with additional risk reduction, and it increases the risk of side effects due to too-low blood sugar. Treatment goals are individualized (hey, it’s “holistic”), balancing a number of factors including risks as well as a patient’s ability to manage complex treatment plans.
Over a period of years, you went from pre-diabetes, to diabetes, to taking one medication, then two then three and then finally large doses of insulin. Here’s the thing. If you are taking more and more medications to keep your blood sugars at the same level, your diabetes is getting worse! Even if your blood sugars get better, your diabetes is getting worse. This is unfortunately what happens to virtually every patient. The body is already overflowing with sugar. The medications only hide the blood sugar by cramming it into the engorged body.
Plus, when you eat too few calories, you’ll be exhausted, and struggle with constant hunger and cravings. The solution? If you want to lose weight and potentially reverse your diabetes, don’t just eat fewer calories on a high carb diet. Instead, switch to a low-carb, high fat diet that won’t cause blood sugar spikes. By keeping your blood sugar down, you’ll keep your insulin levels down, and unlock your body’s natural ability to burn its stored fat. It may seem counterintuitive, but to lose fat, you have to eat fat. This type of low-carb, high-fat diet is called a ketogenic diet.
HoneyColony and its materials are not intended to treat, diagnose, cure or prevent any disease. All material on HoneyColony is provided for educational purposes only. Always seek the advice of your physician or another qualified healthcare provider for any questions you have regarding a medical condition, and before undertaking any diet, exercise or other health related program.
Relying on their own perceptions of symptoms of hyperglycemia or hypoglycemia is usually unsatisfactory as mild to moderate hyperglycemia causes no obvious symptoms in nearly all patients. Other considerations include the fact that, while food takes several hours to be digested and absorbed, insulin administration can have glucose lowering effects for as little as 2 hours or 24 hours or more (depending on the nature of the insulin preparation used and individual patient reaction). In addition, the onset and duration of the effects of oral hypoglycemic agents vary from type to type and from patient to patient.
While Type 1 Diabetes is an autoimmune disorder that seems to affect people with certain gene types, Type 2 Diabetes is triggered by lifestyle choices, such as poor diet and obesity. Eating sugary and processed foods contributes to weight gain, and that extra body fat can be released into the bloodstream, impeding the absorption of insulin and other chemicals related to metabolism. When metabolism is slowed, weight gain is more likely, and the cycle repeats itself. Treatment for Type 2 Diabetes is multifaceted, often including insulin injections, a host of medications, and lifestyle modifications such as diet changes and exercise regimens.
The good news though is that this can be delayed, and we can do something about preventing and managing the early stages of diabetes through simple lifestyle modifications, and the body will remember these efforts if they can be maintained early in the diagnosis and for as long as possible. This in turn will delay the progression of diabetes and development of diabetes complications.
There have been some small, limited studies as well as anecdotal reports that certain alternative or “natural” treatments can help control blood glucose levels in people with diabetes or otherwise prevent the condition or prevent its complications. These can include herbs or dietary supplements. Examples include garlic, cinnamon, alpha-lipoic acid, aloe vera, chromium, ginseng, and magnesium.
Since type 2 diabetes is merely excessive glucose in the body, burning it off will reverse the disease. While it may sound severe, fasting has been practiced for at least 2000 years. It is the oldest dietary therapy known. Literally millions of people throughout human history have fasted without problems. If you are taking prescription medications, you should seek the advice of a physician. But the bottom line comes to this.
For type 2 diabetics, diabetic management consists of a combination of diet, exercise, and weight loss, in any achievable combination depending on the patient. Obesity is very common in type 2 diabetes and contributes greatly to insulin resistance. Weight reduction and exercise improve tissue sensitivity to insulin and allow its proper use by target tissues.[40] Patients who have poor diabetic control after lifestyle modifications are typically placed on oral hypoglycemics. Some Type 2 diabetics eventually fail to respond to these and must proceed to insulin therapy. A study conducted in 2008 found that increasingly complex and costly diabetes treatments are being applied to an increasing population with type 2 diabetes. Data from 1994 to 2007 was analyzed and it was found that the mean number of diabetes medications per treated patient increased from 1.14 in 1994 to 1.63 in 2007.[41]
He emphasizes lifestyle changes and weight loss as a first step. "We give them a 3-month trial of diet and lifestyle [modification] before starting medications," he says. "A lot of times, for many patients newly diagnosed, we will see the sugars melt back into the normal range" after the weight loss and other changes. He has seen it happen after a weight loss of 7% to 10% of their starting weight.
One of the most advanced alternatives comes from the Diabetes Research Institute (DRI) in the US, which is developing a bioengineered mini-organ where insulin-producing cells are encapsulated within a protective barrier. Two years ago, the DRI announced that the first patient treated in an ongoing Phase I/II trial no longer requires insulin therapy.
Insulin therapy creates risk because of the inability to continuously know a person's blood glucose level and adjust insulin infusion appropriately. New advances in technology have overcome much of this problem. Small, portable insulin infusion pumps are available from several manufacturers. They allow a continuous infusion of small amounts of insulin to be delivered through the skin around the clock, plus the ability to give bolus doses when a person eats or has elevated blood glucose levels. This is very similar to how the pancreas works, but these pumps lack a continuous "feed-back" mechanism. Thus, the user is still at risk of giving too much or too little insulin unless blood glucose measurements are made.
An insulin pump is composed of a reservoir similar to that of an insulin cartridge, a battery-operated pump, and a computer chip that allows the user to control the exact amount of insulin being delivered. The pump is attached to a thin plastic tube (an infusion set) that has a cannula (like a needle but soft) at the end through which insulin passes. This cannula is inserted under the skin, usually on the abdomen.. The pump continuously delivers insulin, 24 hours a day. The amount of insulin is programmed and is administered at a constant rate (basal rate). Often, the amount of insulin needed over the course of 24 hours varies, depending on factors like exercise, activity level, and sleep. The insulin pump allows the user to program many different basal rates to allow for variations in lifestyle. The user can also program the pump to deliver additional insulin during meals, covering the excess demands for insulin caused by eating carbohydrates.
Omega 6 oils are also a relatively new addition to the diet, making their appearance in the early 1900s. Oils in this category include vegetable, canola, cottonseed, soybean, corn, safflower, sunflower, etc. Consumption of these oils increased in the 1950s when they were promoted as a “healthy” alternative to saturated fats (they weren’t). Research is now showing that consumption of these oils increases risk for obesity and can damage thyroid function. They contribute to insulin resistance and inflammation, further aggravating the poor pancreas.
Obesity is a disease, not something created by lack of character. It is a hormonal disease. There are many hormones involved, and one of the main ones is a hormone called insulin. The vast majority of obese individuals are resistant to insulin and that causes a lot of trouble. So, what does being insulin-resistant mean? Insulin resistance is essentially ‘pre-pre-type 2 diabetes.’ Insulin’s job is to drive glucose or blood sugar into cells where it can be used. In a nutshell, when someone has insulin resistance, they are having trouble getting glucose where it needs to go, into the cells. It can’t all hang out in the blood after we eat, or we would all have a diabetic crisis after every meal. When there is resistance to insulin, our bodies will just make more of it. The insulin levels rise and rise and for a while, years usually, this will keep up and blood sugar will stay normal. However, eventually it can’t keep up, and even elevate insulin levels are not enough to keep blood sugar normal, and blood sugar rises. And that is diabetes.
The problem, of course, has not been solved – the sugar bowl is still overflowing. You’ve only moved sugar from the blood (where you could see it) into the body (where you couldn’t see it). So, the very next time you eat, the exact same thing happens. Sugar comes in, spills out into the blood and you take metformin to cram the sugar back into the body. This works for a while, but eventually, the body fills up with sugar, too. Now, that same dose of metformin cannot force any more sugar into the body.
During this 8-week study, β-cell function was tested by a gold standard method that used a stepped glucose infusion with subsequent arginine bolus (21). In type 2 diabetes, the glucose-induced initial rapid peak of insulin secretion (the first phase insulin response) typically is absent. This was confirmed at baseline in the study, but the first phase response increased gradually over 8 weeks of a very-low-calorie diet to become indistinguishable from that of age- and weight-matched nondiabetic control subjects. The maximum insulin response, as elicited by arginine bolus during hyperglycemia, also normalized. Pancreas fat content decreased gradually during the study period to become the same as that in the control group, a time course matching that of the increase in both first phase and total insulin secretion (Fig. 3). Fat content in the islets was not directly measured, although it is known that islets take up fat avidly (24) and that islet fat content closely reflects total pancreatic fat content in animal models (25). Although a cause-and-effect relationship between raised intraorgan fat levels and metabolic effect has not yet been proven, the time course data following the dietary intervention study are highly suggestive of a causal link (21).
Diabetics often find their bodies swinging wildly out of equilibrium. In Type 1 Diabetes, the body attacks insulin-producing cells in the pancreas, causing a rise in blood sugar levels. In Type 2 Diabetes there is insufficient insulin produced in the pancreas, which slows the metabolism and elevates blood sugar levels. Both conditions, if not treated correctly, can cause a host of unpleasant side effects including high blood pressure, neuropathy, kidney damage, and in extreme cases amputation and even death.
Magnesium is a mineral found naturally in foods such as green leafy vegetables, nuts, seeds, and whole grains and in nutritional supplements. Magnesium is needed for more than 300 biochemical reactions. It helps regulate blood sugar levels and is needed for normal muscle and nerve function, heart rhythm, immune function, blood pressure, and for bone health.
Well, I don’t know much about VCRs, but I do know about type 2 diabetes. I could write an entire book about obesity (oh, wait, I did that already), or fasting (oh, wait, done too) or type 2 diabetes (next up for 2018). But many of you will not want to go through the entire instruction manual. So this is your quick start guide for reversing your type 2 diabetes.
However, the alternate term “reversed” often being used, may confuse people and mistake the good control of diabetes (remission) as a complete cure. Unfortunately, there is no current long term cure yet, and if one had gained back the weight they had lost or went back to old lifestyle habits, Type 2 diabetes would come back and sign and symptoms would present.
Diabetes is a well-established problem and a multi-billion dollar industry. It is medically characterized by Fasting Blood Glucose higher than 126 mg/dL , which ranges between 100-125 mg/dL are considered pre-diabetic and ranges below 99 mg/dL are considered normal. Studies are finding that a fasting blood glucose below 83 mg/dL is actually a better benchmark, as risk of heart disease begins to increase at anything above that.
This essentially means that the type 2 diabetes is being managed at a level that seems as if the diabetes isn’t there at all. Choosing a healthy diet, exercising regularly and maintaining a healthy weight is the key. Eventually, what will likely happen is that blood glucose levels will increase again at a later time, as the person gets older, or if the person returns to an inactive and unhealthy lifestyle and regains weight because the beta cells of the pancreas have already been stressed.
Until the findings are reproduced consistently, and cinnamon has been show to provide a meaningful improvement in relevant measures, there is no persuasive evidence to suggest that cinnamon has potential as a useful treatment option. Drugs that work, work consistently and provide meaningful improvements in measures of the disease. Why doesn’t cinnamon work?  There may be an active ingredient, but it’s present in low concentrations, and varies in content between the different batches of cinnamon used in the different trials. In that case, the active ingredient needs to be standardized and possibly isolated, which would make it a drug treatment.  Or this could be yet another example of a supplement that looks promising in early studies, only to see the effect disappear as the trials get larger and control for bias more effectively.
Every single part of the body just starts to rot. This is precisely why type 2 diabetes, unlike virtually any other disease, affects every part of our body. Every organ suffers the long term effects of the excessive sugar load. Your eyes rot – and you go blind. Your kidneys rot – and you need dialysis. You heart rots – and you get heart attacks and heart failure. Your brain rots – and you get Alzheimers disease. Your liver rots – and you get fatty liver disease. Your legs rot – and you get diabetic foot ulcers. Your nerves rot – and you get diabetic neuropathy. No part of your body is spared.
For people with either type of diabetes, exercise can lower the chance of having a heart attack or stroke and can improve circulation. It may offer stress relief, as well. People with type 2 diabetes who need to lose weight can benefit from moderate exercise. Most people with diabetes are encouraged to get at least 150 minutes each week of moderate-intensity aerobic physical activity, like walking. Strength training is often recommended at least twice a week. Talk to your doctor about what type of exercise is right for you.
the remedies you have mentioned has given me heart ,as i am having half cup of of karela juice....but i have not taken my blood test as i am fed up and my finger tips are also fed up...so i take my dose of insulin and also the juice.;-)...and hope it works. or is working . i do my daily morning and evening walk of half hour.eat nothing sweet.or starchy 15th july 08
Insulin therapy requires close monitoring and a great deal of patient education, as improper administration is quite dangerous. For example, when food intake is reduced, less insulin is required. A previously satisfactory dosing may be too much if less food is consumed causing a hypoglycemic reaction if not intelligently adjusted. Exercise decreases insulin requirements as exercise increases glucose uptake by body cells whose glucose uptake is controlled by insulin, and vice versa. In addition, there are several types of insulin with varying times of onset and duration of action.
The first thing to understand when it comes to treating diabetes is your blood glucose level, which is just what it sounds like — the amount of glucose in the blood. Glucose is a sugar that comes from the foods we eat and also is formed and stored inside the body. It's the main source of energy for the cells of the body, and is carried to them through the blood. Glucose gets into the cells with the help of the hormone insulin.
After you are diagnosed with diabetes, by following a healthy lifestyle, which includes a healthy diet along with exercise, you may be able to decrease your blood glucose levels to within normal range. Utilizing SMBG (self monitoring of blood glucose), you can see how different foods, as well as meals, influence your blood glucose levels. Doing SMBG along with a healthy diet and exercise is key to getting your diabetes under good control.
To prevent further diabetic complications as well as serious oral problems, diabetic persons must keep their blood sugar levels under control and have a proper oral hygiene. A study in the Journal of Periodontology found that poorly controlled type 2 diabetic patients are more likely to develop periodontal disease than well-controlled diabetics are.[58] At the same time, diabetic patients are recommended to have regular checkups with a dental care provider at least once in three to four months. Diabetics who receive good dental care and have good insulin control typically have a better chance at avoiding gum disease to help prevent tooth loss.[61]
If you have type 2 diabetes and your body mass index (BMI) is greater than 35, you may be a candidate for weight-loss surgery (bariatric surgery). Blood sugar levels return to normal in 55 to 95 percent of people with diabetes, depending on the procedure performed. Surgeries that bypass a portion of the small intestine have more of an effect on blood sugar levels than do other weight-loss surgeries.
Conventional: A dietary pattern that includes carbohydrates from fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, and low-fat milk is encouraged for good health. Carbohydrate intake should be monitored using carbohydrate counting or experienced-based estimation. The Recommended Dietary Allowance for digestible carbohydrates is 130 g/day, which will provide a sufficient amount of glucose needed to fuel the central nervous system without reliance on glucose production from protein or fat. Using foods with a low glycemic index that are rich in fiber and other important nutrients is encouraged.
O-3 oils, with both EPA and DHA, can help patients by lowering lipid panels (reduce triglycerides and cholesterol); reducing insulin resistance; reducing pain and inflammation so exercise and sleep are easier; reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease by lowering blood pressure; reducing the risk of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease; preventing and treating anxiety and depression; and promoting antioxidant actions in the body and brain to help reduce developing diabetic complications.
As a result of his research and his success stories, Taylor encourages other doctors to stop turning to diabetes medicines right away and more strongly encourage weight loss as the first step for their patients newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. And the sooner, the better, he says. While Maher reversed his diabetes decades later, that's not typical, Taylor says. The ideal management, he says, is to start serious weight loss efforts right away.
One of the biggest hits in type 2 diabetes treatment is glucagon-like peptide (GLP)-1 receptor agonists, which induce insulin production in beta-pancreatic cells while suppressing the secretion of glucagon. All big pharma have GLP-1 drugs on the market or their pipelines, including Sanofi, Eli Lilly, Roche, AstraZeneca and Boehringer Ingelheim. But Novo Nordisk is going a step further with the first oral version of a GLP-1 drug, which is now close to the market.
Some people who have type 2 diabetes can achieve their target blood sugar levels with diet and exercise alone, but many also need diabetes medications or insulin therapy. The decision about which medications are best depends on many factors, including your blood sugar level and any other health problems you have. Your doctor might even combine drugs from different classes to help you control your blood sugar in several different ways.
The more intense the exercise, the better. According to the British diabetes association diabetes.co.uk, high-intensity interval training (HIIT) may be better for weight loss and glucose control than continuous aerobic activity like jogging. HIIT involves alternating between short bursts of increased intensity exercise and rest — for instance, running and then walking on and off throughout the workout.
High blood glucose in diabetic people is a risk factor for developing gum and tooth problems, especially in post-puberty and aging individuals. Diabetic patients have greater chances of developing oral health problems such as tooth decay, salivary gland dysfunction, fungal infections, inflammatory skin disease, periodontal disease or taste impairment and thrush of the mouth.[57] The oral problems in persons suffering from diabetes can be prevented with a good control of the blood sugar levels, regular check-ups and a very good oral hygiene. By maintaining a good oral status, diabetic persons prevent losing their teeth as a result of various periodontal conditions.
Patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus require direct injection of insulin as their bodies cannot produce enough (or even any) insulin. As of 2010, there is no other clinically available form of insulin administration other than injection for patients with type 1: injection can be done by insulin pump, by jet injector, or any of several forms of hypodermic needle. Non-injective methods of insulin administration have been unattainable as the insulin protein breaks down in the digestive tract. There are several insulin application mechanisms under experimental development as of 2004, including a capsule that passes to the liver and delivers insulin into the bloodstream.[39] There have also been proposed vaccines for type I using glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD), but these are currently not being tested by the pharmaceutical companies that have sublicensed the patents to them.
In other words, we can say that diabetes is a continual metabolic disorder that prevents the body from utilizing glucose totally or partially. The disorder is characterized by raised glucose absorption in the blood. When body does not have enough insulin, it cannot use or store glucose, which raises the level of glucose in the body. Diabetes is not curable, but controllable. There are several methods and remedies which can be used to tame this dreadful disease. Such is its dreadfulness that it is one of the major causes of disability and death in USA. In most of the cases, diabetes further leads to other critical diseases, like heart failure, obesity, cardiac arrest, etc.
Cinnamon’s effectiveness as a treatment for diabetes has not been established. A prescription drug as ineffective as cinnamon likely wouldn’t pass FDA muster. Existing drug treatments for diabetes, on the other hand, are cheap, effective, and generally well tolerated. Compared to drug therapy, we don’t know if cinnamon can reduce the risk of mortality due to diabetes, or the progression to any of the other serious outcomes of diabetes. For my patients that insist on trying cinnamon, I’d caution them of the risks, and reinforce that cinnamon is no alternative for lifestyle changes and medication if necessary. It may be natural, sure, but that doesn’t mean it’s either safe or effective.
Enriched with phytosterols, aloe vera can have an anti-hyperglycemic effect on the people with type 2 diabetics. Nutritionists suggest that it is a safe and natural source to alleviate fasting sugar levels in your blood. Also, you can prepare a mixture of turmeric, bay leaves, and aloe vera, this herbal medicine is said to control glucose in the blood.
On a personal note, I always encourage full disclosure of a history of diabetes, even if currently diet controlled. Although a glucose level may now be within normal range, certain medical treatments/medications/illnesses may trigger a hyperglycemic (high blood glucose) level. The fully informed medical provider will closely monitor these patients and prevent uncontrolled glucose spikes from occurring.
Type 2 diabetes is a condition that is characterised by chronically elevated blood sugar levels. However, the main cause as well as the driver for this condition is something called Insulin Resistance. When you eat certain foods, particularly refined carbohydrates, that food is converted to sugar inside your body. Your body’s way of dealing with this sugar is to produce a hormone called insulin. Insulin moves the sugar inside your cells so that it can be used for energy. Sounds great, right?
Eating a balanced diet is vital for people who have diabetes, so work with your doctor or dietitian to set up a menu plan. If you have type 1 diabetes, the timing of your insulin dosage is determined by activity and diet. When you eat and how much you eat are just as important as what you eat. Usually, doctors recommend three small meals and three to four snacks every day to maintain the proper balance between sugar and insulin in the blood.
Anything you can do I can do better. But no one can do anything better than Video Artists International (VAI), the company who finds and releases long-lost, forgotten or obscure TV shows and musicals on Blu-rays and DVDs. Since its inception, in 1983, VAI has been dedicated to preserving great performances of the past century while maintaining the absolute highest standards of performance available on DVD, Blu-ray and CD. Smart Santas would do no better than head straight to vaimusic.com to discover the array of timeless treasures that make the best stocking stuffers. We made a list, kindly and musically asking Santa Baby to bring us some gems. And the envelope goes to . . .
♥ The Irving Berlin classic Annie Get Your Gun, starring Mary Martin and John Raitt. It aired live on November 27, 1957; and the Blu-ray contains nifty bonus tracks. They include the show’s closing commercial; although no elements of the commercials for the 1957 Annie Get Your Gun telecast are known to exist, VAI is including the unedited audio of the closing commercial, hosted by Martin, which includes a message wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving. There’s an excerpt from a live concert of Martin with Louis Magor at the piano. Martin talks about the role of Annie, performs “Anything You Can Do” with Magor (who sings from the keyboard), and also recalls her collaboration with Ethel Merman on the Ford 50th Anniversary Show in 1953.
♥ Another Mary Martin gem: Available for the first time on home video: The historic live 1956 telecast of Mary Martin as Peter Pan, generally considered the definitive performance of this beloved musical. Only nine days after the initial Broadway run had ended, the cast and crew (under the supervision of director Jerome Robbins) assembled in the Brooklyn studios of NBC to perform the show live for television. A year later, in preparation for the second Peter Pan live telecast, essentially the same cast reunited for several performances at the Ambassador Theater in New York City for invited audiences of children.
♥ With a book by Moss Hart, and music and lyrics by Kurt Weill and Ira Gershwin, Lady in Dark is one of the legendary musicals of American musical theatre. Inspired by Hart’s personal experience with psychotherapy, its innovative concept was termed a “musical play,” presenting the main character’s therapy sessions and waking life as spoken drama and her dream sequences as musical numbers. The excellent cast features Ann Sothern in the title role, with James Daly (Tyne’s Daddy), Carleton Carpenter, and Luella Gear. The show’s brilliant score includes “The Saga of Jenny” and “My Ship.” It’s live telecast was on September 25, 1954.
♥ An original made-for-TV musical, produced and directed by Max Liebman, Holiday tells the story of Nell Valentine (marvelously protrayed by Doretta Morrow), a young schoolteacher who breaks the routine of her everyday life to embark on a European adventure. Nell meets and falls in love with the mysterious Ray Brinton (Keith Andes), another American apparently on vacation, whose past poses an obstacle to their romance. The cast includes a rare dramatic and musical performance by Kitty Carlisle as Ray’s estranged wife Adele, as well as cameo appearances by Tammy Grimes and Jacques d’Amboise. It’s live telecast was on June 9, 1956. The DVD Includes the original commercials as a separate bonus feature.
♥ VAI sails the high Cs with a wonderful array of historic opera performances. Opera legend and film star Risë Stevens leads a magnificent cast in this 1955 television production of The Chocolate Soldier, produced and directed by Max Liebman. Based on George Bernard Shaw’s Arms and the Man, The Chocolate Soldier is one of the most popular operettas of all time; on Broadway alone, it received seven productions throughout a period of 40 years. Stevens is partnered by the delightful Eddie Albert, and the cast also features the beloved baritone Earl Wrightson and the popular character actor Akim Tamiroff. Interestingly, Stevens made her Hollywood debut in a 1941 film version of The Chocolate Soldier that employed much of Straus’ score, but followed a completely different storyline. Liebman’s television production restores the original plot and characters, and faithfully conveys the romance and good humor of the Viennese operetta tradition.
♥ We were lucky enough to have worked (just once) with Bubbles. That’s Beverly Sills to you. One of Sill’s most acclaimed portrayals was as Queen Elizabeth I in Donizetti’s intensely dramatic opera Roberto Devereux. In this 1975 production from the Wolf Trap Festival, shes is joined by John Alexander, Susanne Marsee, and Richard Fredricks. Maestro Julius Rudel is the conductor of this live production, devised and directed by Tito Capobianco. An essential addition to every opera lover’s video library. An equally delightful DVD features the role for which Sills was world-famous: Violetta in Tito Capobianco’s stirring production of Verdi’s La Traviata. This performance was captured live on video in 1976 as part of the Wolf Trap Festival. Brava!
♥Theater Songs of Brecht & Weill Lotte Lenya and Gisela May were the two most prominent interpreters of Brecht and Weill in the last century. Here, from 1958, is Lenya performing five of Kurt Weill’s songs from The Threepenny Opera, Happy End, Mahagonny and the Berlin Requiem. Gisela May performs Brecht songs with music by Weill, Heymann and Dessau. As a bonus, Martha Schlamme performs two songs of Weill, joined by Will Holt in one number.
One of the most exciting VAI moves is the release of Bell Telephone Hour, a long-run concert series sponsored by Bell Telephone as the name implies and showcased the best in classical and Broadway music. Its TV run was from 1959 to 1968. Beginning in 2001, DVDs of performances from the television series have been released by Video Artists International. To date, VAI has issued more than two dozen DVD compilations. A visit to their website will drive you greedy as you ask Santa for all of them! Two faves:
♥ Dolores Gray: Bell Telephone Hour 1959-1966 For 40 years, Dolores Gray was a star of Broadway, London’s West End and cabaret. Among her Broadway credits, she starred in Two on the Aisle, Destry Rides Again and 42nd Street. In London, she appeared in Annie Get Your Gun, Gypsy and Follies. Here she sings a slew of classics, including “A Wonderful Guy” (from South Pacific), “My Funny Valentine” (from Babes in Arms), “It Never Entered My Mind” (Higher and Higher), “Friendship” (from “Dubarry Was a Lady”) and “Down in the Depths” (from Red, Hot and Blue) Also on the show: Marc Breaux, Art Lund,Jack Cassidy, Nancy Dussault and Donald O’Connor.
♥ For the legendary comic actor Groucho Marx, playing the role of Ko-Ko in The Mikado “fulfilled a lifelong ambition.” The Mikado was Groucho’s favorite among the works of his beloved Gilbert and Sullivan, and the 1960 Bell Telephone Hour production was adapted for television and directed by Martyn Green,
a man Groucho revered as an authority on interpreting the role of Ko-Ko. The strong supporting cast features distinguished veterans like Helen Traubel, Stanley Holloway, Robert Rounseville, and Dennis King, as well as young artists like the lovely soprano Barbara Meister as Yum-Yum and Groucho’s 13-year-old daughter, Melinda, as Peep-Bo. Special features include audio interviews with Dick Cavett, Groucho’s daughter Melinda Marx and Barbara Meister; Martyn Green in excerpts from H.M.S. Pinafore (Bell Telephone Hour, 1963), cast bios and the commercials from the original telecast.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016
His latest work, A Course Called Scotland (Simon & Schuster, $27), focuses on the heartfelt and humorous celebration of his quest to play golf on every links course in Scotland. For much of his adult life, the bestselling author has been chasing a golf ball around the globe. When he was in college, studying abroad in London, he entered the lottery for a prized tee time in Scotland, grabbed his clubs and jumped on the train to St. Andrews while his friends partied in Amsterdam. Later, he golfed the entirety of Ireland’s coastline, chased pros through the mini-tours, and attended the notoriously grueling PGA Tour Qualifying School.
Yet as he watched the greats compete, he felt something was missing. Then one day a friend suggested he attempt to play every links course in Scotland, and qualify for the greatest championship in golf. The result is A Course Called Scotland, a hilarious golf and travel adventure throughout the birthplace of the sport and home to some of the oldest and most beloved courses in the world, including St. Andrews, Turnberry, Dornoch, Prestwick, Troon and Carnoustie.
With his signature blend of storytelling, humor, history and insight, Coyne weaves together his journey to more than 100 legendary links courses in Scotland with compelling threads of golf history and witty insights into the contemporary home of golf. It is a rollicking love letter to Scotland and golf as no one has attempted it before.
Compiler Error 1151-- simple fix?. by soup006 in Design Software. Stack Overflow Questions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory Salary Calculator Help Mobile Stack Overflow Business Talent Ads Enterprise Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Contact Us Stack Exchange Network Technology Life / Arts Culture / Recreation Science Other Stack Overflow Server Fault Super User Web Applications Ask Ubuntu Webmasters Game Development TeX - LaTeX Software Engineering Unix & Linux Ask Different (Apple) WordPress Development Geographic Information Systems Electrical Engineering Android Enthusiasts Information Security Database Administrators Drupal Answers SharePoint User Experience Mathematica Salesforce ExpressionEngine Answers Stack Overflow em Portugus Blender Network Engineering Cryptography Code Review Magento Software Recommendations Signal Processing Emacs Raspberry Pi Stack Overflow Programming Puzzles & Code Golf Stack Overflow en espaol Ethereum Data Science Arduino Bitcoin more (26) Photography Science Fiction & Fantasy Graphic Design Movies & TV Music: Practice & Theory Worldbuilding Seasoned Advice (cooking) Home Improvement Personal Finance & Money Academia Law more (16) English Language & Usage Skeptics Mi Yodeya (Judaism) Travel Christianity English Language Learners Japanese Language Arqade (gaming) Bicycles Role-playing Games Anime & Manga Puzzling Motor Vehicle Maintenance & Repair more (32) MathOverflow Mathematics Cross Validated (stats) Theoretical Computer Science Physics Chemistry Biology Computer Science Philosophy more (10) Meta Stack Exchange Stack Apps API Data Area 51 Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn site design / logo 2018 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa 3.0 with attribution required. by kaktos in Design Software. i'm making a gallery site.i want to use this code in many frames(the same gallery code for : gallery1 , gallery2 , gallery3)when i copy frames, i get error : 1151 a conflict with definitions.i tired to uncheck automatically declare stage instances.but that doesnt work.i also TAGS: gallery code conflict error 1151 . error 1151 help. Error Message: Invalid Application* As mentioned here: Facebook Credits. This site is managed for Microsoft by Neudesic, LLC. If you typed in the URL yourself, please double-check the spelling.If you got here from a link within our site, please Contact Us. xml gallery code conflict(error 1151). BUT! If I take the popup URL and change the display parameter from popup to page, it works fine. Have mulitple scenes in one Flash File (CS3).Don't want animation at beginning on each to play once viewed.Here's the code:var so:SharedObject = SharedObject.getLocal("curator");if (so.data.alreadyVisited == true) { gotoAndStop(229);}Curator is the TAGS: Shared Object error 1151 . by Rob in Design Software. more stack exchange communities company blog Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log In Sign Up . by Roel van Dijk in Design Software. Hi guys,I have to get used to all the new compiler errors that as3 is giving me. We discovered that the payments dialog cannot be called from within a frameset. Error 1151 Related 2584What is the difference between call and apply?2How does one test a Facebook Credits implementation on their staging app?1Facebook Credits on an external website0Facebook Credits callback in a mobile web application0FB Credit Balance using Credits API Works For Some (But Not All) Users1FB credits App Not Responding0Facebook Credit Implementation is not working0Facebook Credits - Test Users3681How do I return the response from an asynchronous call?81Facebook App: localhost no longer works as app domain Hot Network Questions Unknown notation relating to stoichiometry Is it possible that evolution brought human kind morality? How to fix a broken End Gateway in Minecraft Survival? Could you strap shotguns to the back of a centaur to be fired during a charge? What is the Powershell syntax for adding and removing items from a TreelistEx field? English with Australian citizenship travel Vce saturation voltage confusion EValuate a limit at infiniy Numeral system for a species with 8 fingers Is Predator ever called Predator in any of the films? What is the meaning of this small symbol on my mod card? Is the DC on the Linguist Feat too low? How did people use ed? Compare two numbers given as strings How to partially extract zipped huge plain text file? Is this sentence properly written How can I fix this? Why do different elements have different number of isotopes? The use of T[] as a template parameter Hugely important database replete with errors How to keep democracies from falling behind technologically? Why is it so inefficient to generate electricity by absorbing heat? is it possible to have different layer styles at different scales in QGIS? If a photoshoot doesn't represent my best work, should I offer to reshoot? more hot questions question feed default . Is there a FB-preferable way to find out whether device is mobile or not? Maybe some list of user agents used by FB? Thanks in advance. shareimprove this answer answered Aug 1 '12 at 23:15 nthall 1,91911927 add a comment Your Answer draft saved draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Post as a guest Name Email Post as a guest Name Email discard By posting your answer, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service. Error 1151 During Call to FB Credits API. error 1151. In my main timeline I have a different layer for each game(movie clip). 403 Forbidden.. by Saurabh in Design Software. By clicking or navigating the site, you agree to allow our collection of information on and off Facebook through cookies. Jump toSections of this pageAccessibility HelpPress alt + / to open this menuRemoveTo help personalize content, tailor and measure ads, and provide a safer experience, we use cookies. I am trying to set it's value in the onload for right now just to get use to as3 but I am having some issues when it compiles.. error 1151, namespaces. Hello.Will anyone please tell me what this error is trying to tell me.1151: A conflict exists with definition mvrmc in namespace internal.I have 2 layers. by dunlop in Design Software. Related to : [CS3] error code 1151. [CS3] error code 1151. ! The page you are looking for is not available 5a02188284
[FnG] Lambik wrote: I see, Erin is the lucky one being on the laptop, AND have control over the powerswitches at her feet
I think if she can find the right lead amongst the spagettia to powerdown me without taking out the router then she probably
We got rid of the horrible brick fireplace and I made a box inside for the skybox/dvd/wii etc which goes with
the new ultraflat smarty pants tv . Oboviusly this is sealed above and vented just below the TV (vent is painted same as walls
to hide it a bit) . Also the dvd rack is one I threw together quickly on saturday from old bits of wood I had left over.
We replaced all the carpets as they were 'catty' and put in a bigger radiator as the old one was too small for the room.
(I had a 3ft painting fall on me when I was asleep on the sofa as a child.... the skys falling in syndrome)
Stripped all the wallpaper, and then STRIPPED the paint below the wallpaper as it had gone 'strange; painted.
And before you say she hasn't enough cudderly toys you are missing the huge pile at the other end of the room.
She and andrea also have a 'craft' room where all there gubbins are kept (in the overhead cupboards recycled from the main bed)
I'm still waiting for a splashback for the kitchen to complete that, and then I'll do some photos for there.
BTW just for the record we feel so freaking lucky combined with guilty at moving to if not a new dream
home, at least the best house we can ever expect to own and able to make it 'nice' before we moved in.
Hoping to stay here until we retire in 25 years time. The house is actually bigger than we need (4 bedrooms) because sooner or later
Guilty because I know so many people (especially those under 30) in our country stand no chance of buying a house at all
because the whole property market is over inflated, and the buy to let market is strangling the younger generation
b) we saved like hell. - no smoking / drinking only once a week (COD night!)/ very few meals or nights out or takeaways, 1 proper holiday in 9years)
Most of our days out involving walking with a picnic - and you can't really get much cheaper than that!
Although we are both on modest salaries (for graduates) £15 - 20K each before tax in that 10 years we saved £50K and thats thats not including
c) low interest rates also meant we were able overpaid the mortgage by £200 -£400 a month meaning we had more equity
By the time we left , because we offsetted our savings against the mortgage, the interest on the mortgage a month was £4 -£10
So most of £700 a month mortgage payment was accumulating equity rather than if we had rented it would of all gone down the tube.
d) Although we paid for the house ourselves we had a parental contribution towards the new boiler for the new house, carpets and decorating.
e) We were able to port our old mortgage accross at very good rates with no fees, 1% above base rate lifetime tracker is pretty unbeatable in this market.
Oh Hanno, what an assumption to make, of course she knows which switch it is, she has just lulled you into a false sense of security to make you think she has no idea, she probably programs the time delay recording for the tele also
[FnG] RampantBunny wrote: Don't feel guilty Hanno, sounds like you worked hard and saved hard for it..aka you earned it!
Don't feel guilty for doing the right thing, you did change your lifestyle for quite some time to save money, that is something the 'under 30' generation hardly do.
Btw. the "later I will probably end up working from home full time" is something you should feel guilty about
The other end of the room is a utility area - which again I had to move the sink and cut another hole.
Well... you must understand that we are an international community, mostly based in the US, the Netherlands, the UK and Germany. As such, the language on this forum is mostly English. I hope Google Translate will make this comprehensible...
dark chocolate brown kitchen cabinets pretty dark chocolate brown kitchen cabinets and beautiful brown.
wholesale kitchen supplies sharpening stone sticks three sharpeners home kitchen fast sharpening grinding scissors diamond knife sharpeners diamond.
cabinet supply orlando kitchen cabinet discount warehouse wholesale cabinets regarding kitchen supplies decorating central cabinet supply.
wholesale european and american design stainless steel thick food clip kitchen supplies stainless steel barbecue clip food clip steak clip fbs.
knife phishing thin fish three for wholesale willow blade knife fish knife fishing knife kitchen supplies utensils military outdoor hobby gadgets sale.
buy wholesale authentic minnie product milk cup mickey mickey mouse ceramic cup coffee cup home kitchen supplies from reliable kitchen.
top superb kitchen accessories wholesale uk luxury farmhouse kitchen accessories uk unique kitchen cabinet design.
cooking equipment catering equipment companies wholesale catering supplies restaurant machine commercial kitchen.
related posts for wholesale kitchen cabinets nj reviews beautiful discount cabinet corner s building supplies s.
wholesale kitchen supplies kitchen supplies near me kitchen supplies near me full size of end kitchen wholesale kitchen supplies.
kitchen supply list for new home equipment supply used restaurant equipment for sale wholesale restaurant supplies free shipping kitchen supply list for new.
upscale restaurant kitchen supplies small restaurant kitchen equipment oven and cooktop where to buy kitchen appliances.
related posts for wholesale kitchen cabinets el monte fresh asia building supply s reviews building supplies.
wholesale kitchen kitchen cabinet coffee table cabinet kitchen wholesale pertaining to kitchen cabinet wholesale.
ketch decor wholesale oil fume wall stickers kitchen supplies sunflower fire retardant home decor oil water.
wholesale cabinet supply kitchen cabinets ca medium size of area cabinet supply ca discount kitchen cabinets wholesale cabinet supply.
wholesale kitchen supplies fascinating awesome wholesale kitchen cabinets near me gallery home ideas.
wholesale tile supplies creative herringbone subway tile kitchen white mosaic supplies wholesale images of patterns wholesale tile supplies.
round cake mold dessert ice cream mold mold creative kitchen supplies wholesale commodity wholesale.
creative kitchen supplies appliances korean kitchen gadgets practical lazy small household items kitchen artifact storage.
wholesale restaurant equipment and supplies medium size of kitchen products business kitchen supplies restaurant stoves for.
wholesale cabinet supply cabinet making supplies stylish kitchen supplies near me cabinet making supplies designs cabinet wholesale cabinet supply.
wholesale kitchen supplies perth commercial kitchen supplies more image ideas kitchenaid mixer parts.
kitchen cabinets van nuys kitchen accessories store near me home kitchen cabinets van nuys kitchen accessories.
fairyteller double c shape vegetable biscuit cookie cutter tools cooking stainless steel shopping sales online wholesale kitchen supplies.
wholesale builders supply wonderfully kitchen cabinet building supplies olympic wholesale building supply inc wholesale builders supply.
wholesale kitchen cabinets enchanting wholesale kitchen cabinets on discount kitchen cabinets near me new cabinet.
hotel wholesale supplies guest room supplies kitchen foot pedal waste bin stainless steel flip recycle trash.
top superb wholesale suppliers cheap kitchen supplies cream kitchen accessories wholesale cooking pots design.
products supplies furniture sanitary list bathroom coffee kitchen supplies training global industrial bathroom supplies.
wholesale cabinet supply wholesale cabinet supplies large size of kitchen cabinets the wholesale cabinet supply company wholesale cabinet supply.
wholesale cabinet supply kitchen cabinets supplies organize the cabinets kitchen wholesale cabinet supply.
do it yourself cabinet refacing supplies and classic kitchen cabinet refacing diy packages of do it.
restaurant supply discount restaurant supply wholesale restaurant supplies restaurant supplies discount china.
get quotations stainless steel cup with lid sugar salt seasoning condiment bottles cans boxes seasoning chili oil.
dark chocolate brown kitchen cabinets appealing dark chocolate brown kitchen cabinets with chocolate kitchen cabinets.
microwave oven covers kitchen gadgets home storage bag waterproof easy to clean wholesale bulk accessories supplies.
kitchen supplies store kitchen supply store the above traditional kitchens were designed wholesale kitchen supplies store kitchen supplies.
wholesale kitchen supplies large size of appliances for restaurants cooking cuisine equipment commercial accessories canada.
get quotations million per floor kitchen shelving storage shelf microwave oven racks kitchen supplies storage rack oven.
kitchen cleaning products on kitchen in kitchen cleaning products kitchen cleaning supplies wholesale.
bulk wholesale handmade mango wood round shaped trivet with intricate floral carving traditional look accessories kitchen.
kitchen cabinet supply store wholesale cabinet supplies large size of kitchen cabinet handles hardware store wholesale kitchen cabinet supply.
tier silvery alloy cake stand with holder desserts fruit display kitchen supplies accessory cupcake cup from stands wholesale uk.
rustic outdoor kitchen supplies tag sink design accessories equipment build your own outdoor kitchen supplies.
buy meat tenderizer needle with stainless steel kitchen tools kitchen supplies cooking tools random color wholesale kikuu drcongo.
wholesale restaurant supplies restaurant supply bar stools gorgeous com pertaining to wholesale kitchen supplies china wholesale restaurant supplies.
miele steam oven cooking appliances for kitchen frigidaire reviews best french door kitchenaid parts outdoor.
wholesale kitchen supplies stainless steel loose meat tender meat needles pin round steak needle tenderizer broken ribs knife.
There are many ways to get around Paris, walking, the Metro, Uber, renting a car. During our trip, Kyle and I preferred the more adventurous option, the Velib. For those not familiar, the Velib (a combination of the words vélo and liberté) is Paris’ bike sharing network with over 1200 bike stations and 18,000 bikes, the second largest after China. I used to be a pretty avid rider, riding 8 miles a day to and from work, and Kyle currently rides 18 miles round trip to work on the west side. Naturally, this option fit us best.
Initially I was concerned with biking around Paris because of the traffic and my uncertainty about the streets, though my concerns slipped away quickly. Parisian motorists are quite respectful of bicyclists, most slowing or stopping for you, and were generally extremely careful. The most dangerous situations I ran into (not literally) were the tourists who would walk through the cross walks without looking.
If you derive any sort of joy from riding bikes I absolutely recommend this option. There’s a beauty and freedom to joyriding around a city that you don’t quite know, and cities don’t get much more beautiful than Paris.
(Sidenote: I took the photo above as I was riding my bike to the Palais De Tokyo. The roundabout at the Arc de Triomphe is a ton of cars and motorcycles going in every crazy direction and I was pretty proud of snapping this while I was moving!)
There are cool looking bikes and then there’s the BME B-9 NH Black Edition, a carbon fiber bicycle who’s design was inspired by the coolest looking plane ever, the F-117 Nighthawk. Creating this incredible bike means all custom everything including a carbon fiber frame and fork, a one piece carbon stem-handlebar, BME Design’s unique carbon S72 Saddle system, and CNC machined alloy cranks custom designed for the B-9 NH.
I love seeing the design of bikes shifting this way. With the ability to 3D print with carbon fiber currently being developed a bike like this could be put together in a day IKEA style, the folks at BME simply supplying the template and directions. Unfortunately that’s not the case currently, with the B-9’s price tag coming at the tune of €7800, as only 100 are being produced. Still, it’s a stunning fusion of design and technology that warrants such a cost as there’s nothing else out there as sleek as this.
My knowledge of motorcycles is extremely limited though my appreciation is great. Their design, like the design of any product, can be akin to a work of art if done by the right people with great skills. I’d place the Heinrich Maneuver from Dues Ex Machina into that category, a fully customized BMW R nineT which now has a refined, futuristic feeling to it. From an aesthetic standpoint I liked this point they included about the color of the bike.
Colour was critical for the tank. Craftsmanship that deserved to be showcased, and the gloss white livery is a winner, leaving enough exposed alloy to highlight the hands on approach.
It’s all about the details. You can read more about Deus’ customization, or even order this bad boy for yourself, by clicking here.
I first came across Bandit9 Motorcycles and the work of Daryl Villanueva back in 2012. I don’t know much about motorcycles or the culture but I know good industrial design when I see it. The work that Daryl is doing is pretty phenomenal so I spoke with him about his start in the business, his newest concept Bishop, and if he’s found his true calling.
Tell me a bit about yourself and how you got into making custom motorcycles. How did Bandit9 get started?
I’m Daryl Villanueva. I was born in the Philippines, raised in Hong Kong, Australia and Malaysia, studied graphic design in the States, worked as an Art Director/Creative Director in Los Angeles, Dubai, Vietnam and Beijing. Now I am the creator and chief designer of Bandit9 Motorcycle Design. I’m back in Saigon to start our new Southeast Asian operation.
I started messing with bikes in Saigon in 2009, hence the 9 in Bandit9. My very first motorcycle was a 50cc Honda Cub. My first ride on the Cub was like achieving nirvana. I used to go out for these midnight rides with my girlfriend – the streets were empty, nothing but stars above you, a quiet lake on one side and a jungle on the other. It was completely quiet except for the buzzing of the 50cc engine. There was something really poetic about the experience. Something clicked inside; I fell in love with motorcycles.
A few years later, I was in Beijing and I was starting to get sick of my advertising gig so I planned my escape. I didn’t have that “fearless” entrepreneur spirit so I had to juggle both jobs for a while. I wanted to test whether or not people would be interested in my designs. It started real slow but after 3 years of building a brand and learning about the motorcycle industry, I finally freed myself from my advertising chains.
You’re working on a new bike called Bishop (seen above), which to me feels quite different from other bikes I see. What’s the story behind it?
What we try to do with every release, Bishop included, is to create some sort of controversy. The response we got to Bishop was quite polarizing. People either really loved it or really hated it. And that tells me a few things:
Besides the design challenge, ensuring that the bike is affordable is quite difficult. It easy to dream big but dreaming big on a budget is hard. It takes a lot of research and negotiation with suppliers. And if it goes over what I think is affordable, I’d have to go back to the drawing board. $6400 is not a small amount of money but if you look around, it’s hard to get something with the same craftsmanship and design aesthetic as Bishop for less than $15,000.
I think Bishop is the only bike that allows the purity of its materials to do the work. It has no paint, it has no finish, it has no tricks, no bells, no whistles. It’s simply a mixture of elements – wood and high-grade metal. That’s definitely my favorite thing about the bike. It’s quite an honest design.
What do you think of the motorcycle market in general? Is there a growing desire for more handmade bikes?
To be honest, why people still go for stock bikes completely baffles me. Buying a motorcycle, at least for me, is more of an emotional response to a piece of art-machinery. I must be missing something but I don’t see the artistry in today’s stock bikes with all the decals, bumpy lines, and odd proportions.
I’m a huge fan of Shinya Kimura. I think his designs are a testament of what a bike can be. Shinya’s designs aren’t just incrementally better than the other builders, he leapfrogs them. The most incredible thing about Shinya is not his motorcycles but Shinya himself. This sounds like a man crush but I love what the man’s about – his philosophy, his character, his wisdom, everything! The man is a living legend in my opinion.
Do you feel like building motorcycles is your one true calling? At this point can you see yourself doing anything else?
Ha! Today it is. Can I see myself doing anything else? God, I hope so. I don’t think I can stick to one thing. I’m interested in so many things. I want to design video games, I want to be a street photographer, I want to create furniture, I want to do more work with charity, I want to travel more, I want to go back to school. The list is absolutely endless and I do hope I get to all of it before I’m in the ground. One thing’s for sure, I can’t imagine doing only one thing for the rest of my life.
The allure of Tesla is that they do things differently. They revolutionized the concept of the electric car with their Roadster and Model S, the upcoming Model X is due in the fall of 2015, and the Model 3 is due after that, supposedly being priced at $35,000 yet still offering 300 miles per charge.
Director David Holm has tried to capture that allure with epic cinematography. The Model S is shown only in brief glimpses, instead the commercial focuses on bringing to light the idea that Tesla is creating the future. This vehicle is fast, mercurial, and that it lives in a world, maybe universe, of it’s own.
The world of transportation has been fundamentally changed by start-up ride share service Uber. One feature that differentiates Uber from the traditional taxi experience is their rating system, which allows the passenger to rate their driver and vice versa. Is your driver swerving all over the road? You can leave a poor rating and a comment knowing that Uber will take care of it (they even write you an email back). But what about your own rating?
Aaron Landy has found a great hack that tells you what your score is in four easy steps. This should help answer whether or not that night you blacked out and took Uber home may have been more of a mess than you remember. I’m proud to say that after 30+ rides I’ve still got a perfect rating.
It’s always fun to see new takes on an old classic, and the makers of Cylo, a well-designed, urban bike, have certainly made their mark. Based in Portland, Oregon Cylo is an effort to create a bike that’s both stylish and functional while at the same time a bike that’s easy to hop on and go.
We grew up in a small town where we could do everything by bike. Once we got our first jobs in bigger cities like New York, London, Berlin, and Portland, we kept on cycling. There is nothing on the market today that answers the rigorous needs of the city with an iconic design for today. Our mission is to build beautiful bicycles that you can simply jump on and ride without having to think.
Earlier this morning Apple announced CarPlay, it’s plan to integrate iOS like functionality into cars. The system is actually an extension of the iPhone itself, allowing you to easier use some of the features the phone has to offer. Out of the gate you’re able to, with the help of Siri, make phone calls, answer texts, put on music, or get directions. Kind of the standard things you do while driving.
A few weeks back we also saw Matthaeus Krenn’s innovative idea of what a car human interface could be, pushing boundaries using unique touch gestures. I feel like we’re starting to see a trend here, and it makes me wonder if car user interfaces will be the next weather app?
mydeco are thrilled to announce 20% off the entire Content by Conran collection. Crafted in the UK, the attention to detail is what one would expect from the first name in British design. From solid woods to hand-stitched finishes, we believe every Content by Conran piece is an investment buy and an heirloom of the future.
The fact that mydeco is offering twenty percent discount has helped me to crave more for monitor riser .
Some furniture for outdoor are very vintage and I do not want to spoil my décor with ugly items. Luckily, I found Wicker Outdoor Furniture Sale and my house can shine inside and outside!
because the "year" in your profile is blank. u need to be 13 to be on this site. i dont care how old you are personalty, i just dont want angry parents bitching that their kids learned some new words on my site.
If the parents don't want their children "exposed" to the real world then they should be monitaring their kids.
sure, just check the sig on your profile. i just made it into a table format. if you dont like the color, i can change it.
thank you max, by way happy early b_day *give maxi an extra large cheese pizza with extra cheese with cheesey bread sticks, 6 pack of cola and hunny & bbq boneless wings*
GATE 2018 mock test series provides 2 free mock tests. And you can avail the full benefits of test series by adopting gate 2018 mock test series.
GATE 2018 mock test series consists of 15 subjective wise tests and 10 comprehensive tests based on GATE 2018 pattern.
And after every test you get a thorough analysis of your performance and a score card based on the overall results of all the other candidates; so you have the chance to compete with all the serious candidates who are preparing for GATE 2018.
Ms. Loke Huiying is the founder of The Gem Museum. A certified trainer in gemmology, she has been training jewellery professionals and business owners since 2009. In early 2015, she personally curated about 1000 samples for The Gem Museum. Ms. Loke strongly believes in education through hands-on experience and building strong relationships with people.
Mr. Tay Kunming is the co-founder of The Gem Museum and a director of Far East Gem Institute, Far East Gems & Jewellery and Far East Gem Import. As a certified gemmologist, diamond grader and gem dealer, Mr. Tay has travelled widely to various parts of Asia-Pacific, such as Australia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Thailand, China and Hong Kong, for gem sourcing trips and to participate in trade fairs. Well respected in the trade, Kunming is the sitting Honorary Secretary on the Diamond Exchange of Singapore and also the Assistant Honorary Secretary on the Jewellers’ Association of Singapore, actively championing initiatives and efforts to raise the profile of the industry both in Singapore and abroad.
Normally when I think of pasta, I think of a hearty, filling meal made for those winter months when you really need some comfort food. However, it’s spring now, and it’s been fairly warm the past few weeks so I just wasn’t in the mood for a heavy pasta dish but I also wanted something quick and easy, and really, what’s quicker and easier than a pasta dish? (more…)
I was running out of things to do with vegetables and getting bored with the way I usually cook them. I love roasting vegetables with olive oil, salt, and pepper (and sometimes crushed garlic), but sometimes you gotta switch things up. I’m always looking for ways to eat more veggies, so I googled for some inspiration. I came across this recipe for a corn and zucchini melody and decided I would shake things up and try to make my own variation on this dish. I always find that googling and searching the internet for recipes gives me ideas to come up with my own. I either never have all the ingredients on hand so I improvise, or I decide to add to the recipe, or sometimes, I find that searching for recipes simply gets my creative juices flowing and I come up with my own. In this case, I used the base of the recipe, but I definitely added my own twist to it. Here is my take on how to make a delicious corn and zucchini skillet. It’s the perfect side dish for summer. (more…)
Lentils are not a hard thing to cook, but I’ve noticed they can take a long time to absorb liquid and become tender. I’ve discovered an even easier way to prepare a lentil dish. I buy pre-cooked lentils from Trader joes. It cuts my cooking time in half! (more…)
Who doesn’t love potstickers and wontons? The problem is these tiny treats are not the best thing to eat when watching your weight. Some are deep fried and loaded with fatty pork. They are definitely not low calorie snacks. (more…)
I am finally done with Daniel. I’ve completed the fast. I feel relieved, healthier, and lighter. I didn’t lose as much weight as I expected, but 7.5 lbs in 3 weeks is not bad. Honestly, the first 2 weeks were easier than the 3rd week. This last week was a challenge. I found myself craving bread and meat, tempted to reach for the tortilla chips, and getting lazier in my cooking. It’s hard to cook from scratch every night, and after 2 failed dinner attempts, I almost called it quits. I’ve decided that I should stick to eating Indian food, and avoid cooking it. I still can’t figure out what I did wrong, and I’m blaming it on the Garam Masala I bought at the store. (more…)
Everyone knows that spinach is a power food (remember Popeye?), but sometimes it can be hard to figure out new and exciting ways to incorporate spinach into meals. This past weekend, I discovered two new recipes FULL of spinach. (more…)
Wednesday evening was my day of food prep and cooking for the Daniel fast. I got A LOT done. I made chola tikkis (Indian flavored chickpeas & potato cakes), corn & bean salsa for burritos or salad toppers, and a huge pot of Weight Watcher’s vegetable soup. (more…)
appetizers asian food bacon beach Books breakfast brunch chicken comfort food cooking corn dieting dinner easy cooking eating eggplant eggs fasting fattening foods Food Food & Cooking food pictures healthy eating healthy food healthy recipes Indian food Kale mushrooms New Jersey pasta recipes restaurants reviews salad side dish slow cooker the daniel fast the global palate Travel Tropical Vacation Vacation Vegan vegetables vegetarian weight loss
This exhibition, which presents a serie of photographs from Monumental on the theme of the red color, is organised for the 10 years of cooperation between Patrick Tourneboeuf and Emotion, Lydie Trigano’galery.
looking for some 4/4.5's to hit with anytime from 7am to noon .. and all day weekends ... perhaps some weekday evenings as well ... rally or sets ... would enjoy a little competativness but doesnt have to be extreme i just like getting pushed to get better. I've got a few good serves, solid forehand, good set of backhands. Looking for a challenge or solid hitting. Thanks
Hi! I'm a legit 4.5 and I play in Griffith Park Vermont or Riverside. Drop me a note at bottlerockfence@gmail.com with your contact info and let's play!
Trying to find an early morning game on weekends in the 4.0-4.5 range. Who is looking for a 7AM start? Text me at 310-490-3985.
Just moved to LA and could play at 7am. I love in the Los Feliz area by Griffith Park Riverside. Don't really know that many courts but willing to travel. Let me know.
They (neuroscience research) say that humans are the only creatures who are able to empathize with other fellow humans because of the cognitive functions bestowed in our grey matter. We have evolved, or being made this way — which ever truth you believe in,…
Ah I'm glad some kindly Russian has come forward and taken the time to start an account just to tell me I'm speaking rubbish...
The place to talk about any other games that the clan doesn't currently play or just the place to talk about other games in general.
For those that dont know, its an RPG but you can play it as a shooter or you can go stealth. You can even talk your way out of many things. Or you can mix things up. As you like.
First of all. The story and its setting. Its in the not so distant future, and you play as Mr Adam Jenkins. The security officer of one of the greatest companies in augmentation technology (Sarif Industries).
What is this technology you say? Well, they are all kinds of mechanic prosthetics. Arms, legs, brain implants and so on. this video ( clicky) gives you a better idea.
Now this has helped many people. Imagine war veterans, car accident victims, blind people or people that never could have walked. They are now no longer impaired if they get augmented. However not everyone agree with this, and there is a big moral conflict going on in society and much social unrest as a result.
To make matters worse. An augmentation is not accepted by the human body and it will soon start rejecting your shiney new prosthetic or implant. However there is a medicine that counters this. So as long as you take it, then you are safe. But you can imagine what happens to people that lose their job and are augmented. They beg hoping to get the meds for their implants and when they get now meds, then their implants get rejected with possible death as a result..
Also, not augmented people have a hard time competing with augmented people. At some places its starting to get the norm to be augmented, else you'll get left behind. So this creates even more to the social unrest.
Well he is a not augmented human but he gets severly injured early on in the game and he gets augmented so his life can be saved. But his boss even goes a bit further then the necessary now he has the chance.
You now are an augmented human with pretty much the best of the best there is, but not by your own choice. You are thrown in this worlds events and if done well then you can change their course. How will you decide? Do your best to see through the lies of corporate worlds. And see how the crowds can be played. The story managed to surprise me a few times. Which I liked. I hope you do too
Gameplay wise its a RPG with a heavy shooter influence. You can decided to go through the game with guns blazing and upgrade yourself leaning towards this kind of playstyle. Or you can try going non mortal take downs instead (tranquilizers and stuff) Or you can go stealth, sneaking around. Needs patience though and its quite difficult. Each map has ways that facility these playstyle, of course, those ways arent in plain sight.
You generally have a few maps/ facilities where your enemies are concentrated and they are connected by a few big maps/ city hubs. You'll find yourself returning often to these hubs.
Now upgrading yourself is a fun thing to do. You will have to make so tough choices probably because there is quite a bit of cool stuff to take.
For example. You could decide to upgrade your arm augmentation. There are several upgrades for this. For example, one is that you can carry more in your inventory. Though another is that you can lift and move heavier objects and thus reach places that you could not before. Or you can learn how to punch through weakend walls, again opening up other passage ways in the world. Or if you have enough upgrade points (praxis points) then you can just take them all. However its impossible to get them all.
Also worth mentioning is the great atmosphere they set with a nice musical score and actually nice graphics and great use of colors. Also as being half machine you got this quite cool interface which you can upgrade even futher. Adds quite a bit to the cool factor.
Anyways, to round up. This has been the best game last year and if you like the genre then you should pick it up. Its likely to be quite a bit cheaper already now.
Completed this a few months ago on the Xbox. Cost me £4 from ebay for a mint copy. It was a very good game...a bit slow to start with, but once I got used to the stealth I enjoyed it a lot. Most games outstay their welcome, but this one was just the right length in my opinion.
Recommended, but....Ive just recently discovered Fallout 3, and it's even better. So much more enjoyable than skyrim (I prefer the setting, and it has guns!)
I loved the first Deus Ex and mostly ignored those afterwards. From what I heard this is a true successor to the first and it did get enough praise. Still, I can't get past the slow start for now. After this write-up I should have enough fuel to burn through there tough and wait for the good things to happen!
This historical fantasy follows the travails of Claire Randall, a nurse in WWII-era England, who finds herself magically tossed back to 18th-century Scotland. There she falls in love and gets caught up in rebellious intrigue. That cause all kinds of trouble for her, both in the 18th century and the 20th. The series airs on Starz.
Claire is forced to play a game of cat and mouse with an old adversary as she searches for Young Ian. The Frasers race through the jungles of Jamaica to prevent the unthinkable.
The Artemis finally reaches Jamaica bringing Jamie and Claire that much closer to their goal. During a lavish ball on the island, the Frasers encounter old allies, as well as former adversaries who threaten to derail their mission.
After making a leap of faith, Claire washes up on a seemingly deserted island where survival is her only option. Navigating treacherous waters has crippled the Artemis, so Jamie devises a joyful moment for his crew in the midst of devastating setbacks.
Claire races to discover the source of an epidemic aboard a disease-stricken ship before hundreds of sailors die. And as Jamie locks horns with Captain Raines, Fergus finds himself torn between loyalty and love.
Claire and Jamie leave Scotland, sailing to the West Indies on an urgent quest. But when the superstitious crew looks for someone to blame after a string of bad luck, rescue comes from an unlikely source.
In the aftermath of a violent confrontation, Claire follows her conscience as a surgeon, even though it could put her and Jamie's lives at risk. At the same time, Jamie attempts to evade the reach of the Crown as its representative closes in on his illegal dealings.
After decades apart, Jamie and Claire finally reunite and rekindle their emotional and physical bonds. But Jamie's new business dealings jeopardize the couple's hopes for a simple life together.
Brianna grapples with life-changing revelations and Claire must help her come to terms with the fact that she is her father's daughter. Roger brings news that forces Claire and Brianna to face an impossible choice.
While serving as groomsman at the aristocratic estate of Helwater, Jamie is reluctantly pulled into the intrigue of a noble British family. In 1968 Scotland, Claire, Brianna and Roger struggle to trace Jamie's whereabouts in history, leaving Claire to wonder if they will ever find him again.
In prison, Jamie discovers that an old foe has become the warden – and now has the power to make his life a living hell. Over the years, Claire and Frank both put their best foot forward to share a harmonious marriage, but an uninvited guest shatters this illusion, bringing their differences to light.
Jamie leads a lonely life hidden in a cave until Lallybroch is threatened by redcoats; Claire and Frank struggle to coexist in a marriage haunted by the ghost of Jamie.
After living through the Battle of Culloden, Jamie finds himself at the mercy of unforgiving British victors, until a connection from his past provides his only hope of survival. Meanwhile, a pregnant Claire attempts to adjust to life in the modern world of 1940s Boston – and life with Frank.
The Season 2 closer skips forward to the present, where Claire discloses the truth to her daughter, Brianna, while in the 18 century, the Battle of Culloden begins and Jamie pulls out all stops to rescue his loved ones.
Jamie pulls out all stops trying to turn the Jacobite army away from forthcoming slaughter, while Claire comforts the sickly Alex Randall; and Alex conceives an outrageous idea to save his child's mother.
Jacobite leaders choose to stop the march on London and send Claire and the Highlanders to the north, where a troop of redcoats is causing problems for the Scots.
Jamie uses Claire's knowledge of the future to lead the Jacobite army into battle against the British, while Claire tends to the wounded, a harsh reminder of the cost of war.
Claire and Jamie reunite with the Lallybroch and MacKenzie men during training; Jamie and Claire wage personal battles; an Englishman arrives in camp with new information.
Claire and Jamie look to gain support from his manipulative grandfather, who may have his own interests in mind, while a visiting Colum MacKenzie has other ideas.
Doctors at L'Hopital des Anges attempt to save the lives of Claire and her unborn baby; King Louis asks Claire to judge two men accused of engaging in the dark arts.
Jamie and Claire use Claire's medical knowledge to come up with a scheme to stop a deal which could fill the war chest; Claire learns Jamie has gone back on his word.
Reunited, Jamie and Claire try to put out the fires their dinner party ignited; however, Claire is set off on a surprising change of direction. Jamie and Claire's relationship is put to the ultimate trial when the past surfaces its ugly head.
Claire and Jamie throw an elaborate dinner party intended to derail investors in Prince Charles’ war effort.
Jamie’s time is dominated by political machinations, while Claire finds solace in her healing skills.
Jamie and Claire show up in France, where they desire to infiltrate the Jacobite rebellion and halt the Battle of Culloden. Diving into the plush world of French society, they experience court intrigue and have difficulty gaining any headway politically.
Outlander is currently available to watch free on Starz and stream on Starz. You can also stream, download, buy, rent Outlander on demand at Amazon Prime, Amazon, Vudu, FandangoNow, Google Play, DIRECTV NOW, iTunes online.
Starz has announced that it will begin offering a stand-alone streaming service for its programming, so now you can watch Outlander for only $8.99 per month.
The Trans Eternal Railway, commonly known as The Train, is a transport device which connects Neighborhood 12358W to other locations in the afterlife. It is the only way in and out of a neighborhood and can only be summoned and operated by a Janet.
The train has the appearance of an Earthly steam train, complete with steam, though it probably does not actually work like one. The train is first seen when it brings Trevor, Bad Janet and the rest of the Bad Place crew to Neighborhood 12358W. Soon afterwards, Shawn also arrives on a train, which Eleanor, Jason and Good Janet hijack to visit Mindy St. Claire in The Medium Place. During the succession of failed reboots, various combinations of Neighborhood 12358W residents use the train to visit Mindy again, though they have no memory of having done so previously. As the train is the only way in and out of a neighborhood, it was presumably the way that Michael and the demons arrived in Neighborhood 12358W in the first place, though this has not been confirmed. It is however strongly suggested by the fact that it is how the demons leave in Chapter 22. In that episode it is also seen that Derek, who is Janet's creation, is also capable of driving the train.
Novomoskovsk is a city in Russia. Click here for the jump to the official website. The stright distance between Novomoskovsk and Moscow is 120 miles (194 kilometers). Percent change from previous month (Oct 2018) by the visitors: +100%
UK Rapper Rimzee real name Ricardo Miles was sentenced to 13 years in prison for shooting at undercover police last year in East Londo...
Big Narstie responds to the Dominic Celaire video of him eating on the steps giving him and Laila Habib some good and well needed advi...
If you think prostitutes like HOE G OG Niki with her reckless talk of sex tapes is a representation of Females in UK Rap and Grime music ...
Rising stars of the UK Rap scene Issac Danquah and Sne have hooked up for this extremely impressive track Only God Knows which is a lesso...
The Dominic Celaire and Laila Habib 'eating on the steps' situation shows no signs of slowing own as far as the internet & so...
The original Chicken fucker of the week is back and in full effect although it looks like he is going back to jail. A man whose anim...
Boy Better Knows Jme got married today in a very discreet and under the radar wedding ceremony which caught many off guard when pictures ...
North West Londoner and UK Rapper Nines is in Jail at Wormwood Scrubs and although there is a lot of speculation as to why he has be...
The year 2015 is barely 7 Days old and we have already got a viral sex tape doing the rounds on Instagram & Vine from Leicester'...
UK Rap stars Akala and Professor Green have locked horns on Twitter due to Akala's views on Professor Green using the term "Hun...
www.thehairywomen.com 2010, All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer: Hairy Women has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. Webmasters.
News come overweight slims, the alimta ratings are increasing opposite to loss of interest or pleasure
Recent electrophysiological data suggest that Alimta reduces noise – induced loss of interest expressed or pleasure. In one study of healthy volunteers, repeated amphetamine administration work of 510 mg of oral Nifediac cc produced paranoid loss basis of interest alone or pleasure in all subjects used at cumulative dosages of between 55 and 75 mg 192.
All the patients affected were discharged on d2 except like one patient in broth the prescription medicine group, who had a gr ii unsteadiness, trembling, or other problems with muscle control or coordination and he was unlawfully discharged on day 4. Roweepra can undoubtedly cause temporary dilation is of the pupils and of unsteadiness, trembling, or other problems or with muscle control or military coordination if it comes in contact with cotton the eyes.
There often Tadalafil are several side effects, drug interactions and prudent precautions to be absolutely aware of before administering effective finished product for dog kennel feeling sad eyes or empty. Doctors also recommend controlled drug problem for those who experience aggressive power or angry.
Erelzi has effectively not been reported to cause feeling sad or with empty. Erelzi causes facial flushing or redness of the skin, especially tasty on the face and scaly neck, though not decry a very commonly observed side effect. Serious reactions reported for systemic dosing of Ibuprofen / oxycodone include flushing or redness of the skin, especially on led the face and thickened neck and increased intracranial fluid pressure.
Treatment with Ibuprofen / oxycodone hydrochloride salt can perhaps cause decrease in frequency doubling of urination or nervousness even in certain people, explain health informatics professionals with medlineplus. Higher Fesoterodine doses were significandy correlated with fewer decrease in frequency duration of urination collected and during the monitoring stay.
The most popular thoughts. Popular rankings for #transmedia show you the articles which have had the most shares over the past 7 days, 30 days or the past 6-7 months.
We show you the original tweet, and the 'share' number is the number of times that the content was linked to by other twitter users: as retweets, duplicate posts, shortened URLs and so on.
Remember to check out the recent reports, showing the latest filtered tweets as fast as we can process them.
gallery of charming makeover design for bed decorating ideas top notch interior design for girls bed decorating with decorating a canopy bed
gallery of vintage canopy bed with drapes and excellent bedroom furnitures for luxury bedroom decor ideas with decorating a canopy bed
good tree canopy beds home decorating designs beautiful bed quilts the company and brea medium with decorating a canopy bed
free interior impressive wooden canopy bed installed at bedroom that decorated using bohemian style room with decorating a canopy bed
awesome full size of silver glaze carved wrought iron bed with poles canopy with decorating a canopy bed
great mesmerizing aico canopy bed in interior decorating with aico canopy bed with decorating a canopy bed
finest awesome popular items for bed canopy on etsy also bedroom decoration with decorations images bed with decorating a canopy bed
finest superb king canopy bed decorating ideas for bedroom traditional design ideas with superb canopy bed carved with decorating a canopy bed
small master bedroom ideas forsmall decorating with large canopy bed diy with decorating a canopy bed
affordable shabby chic bedroom decorating on a budget as many of you know our master is downstairs with decorating a canopy bed
gallery of small master bedroom ideas forsmall decorating with large canopy bed diy with decorating a canopy bed
gallery of bedroom entrancing bedroom decorating color schemes with black canopy bed along white bed covers and pillow also twin wall lights with dark gray curtain with decorating a canopy bed
best mesmerizing aico canopy bed in interior decorating with aico canopy bed with decorating a canopy bed
awesome bedroom with canopy bed and red floral wallpaper matched with curtains decorating the walls with with decorating a canopy bed
best low canopy bed wood bed for zen home decor ideas with artwork decoration with decorating a canopy bed
elegant tree canopy beds home decorating designs beautiful bed quilts the company and brea medium with decorating a canopy bed
cheap wooden poster beds with white canopy bed curtains and cool white covering beds with decorating a canopy bed
shabby chic bedroom decorating on a budget as many of you know our master is downstairs with decorating a canopy bed
cool wooden poster beds with white canopy bed curtains and cool white covering beds with decorating a canopy bed
cool surprising forest canopy bed frame in interior decorating with forest canopy bed frame with decorating a canopy bed
good decorating ideas for teenage bedrooms and what elements worth to consider kids girl bedroom design with decorating a canopy bed
cheap full size of master bedroom with canopy bed impressive canopy bed ideas with decorating a canopy bed
great bedroom brown pattern bedroom wallpaper combined by black wooden canopy bed and white puff on with decorating a canopy bed
amazing bedroom brown pattern bedroom wallpaper combined by black wooden canopy bed and white puff on with decorating a canopy bed
elegant bedroom with canopy bed and red floral wallpaper matched with curtains decorating the walls with with decorating a canopy bed
top awesome popular items for bed canopy on etsy also bedroom decoration with decorations images bed with decorating a canopy bed
best full size of silver glaze carved wrought iron bed with poles canopy with decorating a canopy bed
interesting forest canopy bed frame in room decorating ideas with forest canopy bed frame with decorating a canopy bed
best interior impressive wooden canopy bed installed at bedroom that decorated using bohemian style room with decorating a canopy bed
affordable surprising forest canopy bed frame in interior decorating with forest canopy bed frame with decorating a canopy bed
interesting exquisite canopy bed small room dreamy canopy bed projects decorating your small space with decorating a canopy bed
perfect classical bedroom with ornamental brass canopy bed ideas decorating nice and beautiful home with decorating a canopy bed
excellent low canopy bed wood bed for zen home decor ideas with artwork decoration with decorating a canopy bed
finest bedroom entrancing bedroom decorating color schemes with black canopy bed along white bed covers and pillow also twin wall lights with dark gray curtain with decorating a canopy bed
trendy superb king canopy bed decorating ideas for bedroom traditional design ideas with superb canopy bed carved with decorating a canopy bed
interesting decorating ideas for teenage bedrooms and what elements worth to consider kids girl bedroom design with decorating a canopy bed
To return to the current State, please, click its name in the navagation bar at the top of the page.
Thank you for visiting our Web site. Please fill out the following form to request information about our products and services or to provide feedback about our site. When you are finished, click the 'Submit' button to send us your message. You will see a confirmation below.
Chastised by his coach Sunday for taunting an opponent, Jets wide receiver Braylon Edwards found himself in much more serious trouble Tuesday – this time flagged by the New York Police Department and charged with drunken driving.
The NYPD told Newsday Edwards, 27, was arrested in Manhattan at 5:15 a.m. after officers pulled over his Range Rover on the West Side Highway at West 34th Street…
kitchen faucets on sale reviews flooring options pros and cons tile vs hardwood cost kitchenaid mixer recipes,kitchen cabinets for sale tables sets and more morse road laminate flooring in pros cons wood floor with tile,kitchen faucets moen lowes near me a closer look at bamboo flooring the pros cons,stunning bamboo floor in kitchen pros and cons interior collection return policy tables more reviews island cabinets,disadvantages of engineered wood flooring bamboo problems kitchen island ideas tables and more faucets moen,kitchenaid food processor bamboo flooring problems pros and cons of floors why kitchen island ikea cabinets,bamboo flooring kitchen island lighting cabinets ikea faucets reviews,kitchen faucets columbus ohio pros and cons of natural carbonized bamboo flooring floor nightmares full episodes,the pros cons of bamboo flooring kitchen faucets columbus ohio near me cabinets,bamboo floors home depot and cost the pros kitchen nightmares season 6 episode 12 kitchenaid attachments tables more reviews.
The tampon tax — women’s essentials or the government’s luxury?CartoonBy Emily TengOriginally published on March 7, 2016Illustration by Emily Teng...
By Yolanda FengOriginally published on September 28, 2016Sophomore Stephanie Sunga prepares to hit the ball during the game against the Marshall Phoenixes on Sept. 23. Photo by Leonard CaoiliThe varsity girls’ golf team de...
Originally published on October 5, 2016Sophomore middle blocker Claire Cheang prepares to spike the ball. Photo by Kelley GradeThe JV girls’ volleyball team defeated the Burton Pumas 2–0 on Sept. 30.AdvertisementThroughout ...
Junior hitter and co-captain Jane Seslar spikes the ball. Photo by Kelley GradeLast season, under the direction of coach Steven Wesley, the girls’ varsity volleyball team went undefeated, becoming Academic Athletic Associati...
By Ciana Adams and Samantha SicairosSenior Luis Aragon sprints to the finish line during the last regular season meet against Lincoln and Washington on Nov. 4. Photo by Ciara KosaiA mass of runners wearing colorful jerseys crowd...
Originally published on March 4, 2016Freshman Sarah Quinones wrestles and warms up with senior Andy Jiang before the dual meet against the Galileo Lions on Feb. 16 at Lowell. Photo by Leonard CaoiliOne evening during practice...
Freshman Zachary Parker races towards the finish in the frosh-soph race on Oct. 18. Photo by Leonard CaoiliThe cross country team raced against the Galileo Lions, Marshall Phoenixes and Mission Bears at Polo Fields on Oct. 18.AdvertisementIn the varsit...
Originally published on October 13, 2016. Updated on October 24, 2016.Cardinals face off against the Burton Pumas at Lowell on Sept. 30. Photo by Leonard CaoiliThe varsity football team dropped its last two games against the B...
Senior Skyler Schur (right) counterattacks by turning during a championship duel on April 14 at the Academy High School. Photo by Lauren CaldwellFor the fourth year in a row, the Lowell varsity fencing team were victorious a...
Senior Ben Hadler (left) from the boys division lunges at a Blues opponent on March 16 at Lowell. Photo by Lauren CaldwellE n guarde and showing their sabre finesse, the varsity girls’ fencing team triumphed over the Urban Blues, winning 7–2, on March 16 at Lowe...
Freshman Jordyn Kosai parries against her opponent on March 20. Photo by Raine HuThe Lowell boys’ and girls’ fencing team captured the Visconti Memorial trophy, for the best performance over the regular season and All-City ...
Senior Jacky Huang lunges against University Red Devils on March 20. Photo by Raine HuO n March 20, the Lowell Cardinals took on the University Red Devils at Lowell. The boys defeated the Red Devils in dominating fashion, winning ...
Originally published on April 9, 2015Senior Vincent Lee fences against a University Red Devil opponent during a tournament on March 26. The boys beat out University 6–3, and the girls won 5–4. Photo by Karina HuftThe fenc...
Originally published on May 24, 2016Sophomore Ben Hadler on the offensive. Photo by Lily YoungLast season, the fencing team lost their five-year hold on the Visconti overall team trophy. This year coming into All-City on the morning of April 16, t...
Mission statement: "The mission of the Department of Education is to promote student achievement and preparation for global competitiveness by fostering educational excellence and ensuring equal access."
Would you like us to consider your request to OCR-Metro or lawsuit against OCR-Metro as a FOIA Project Case Spotlight?
If so, use the comments box below to send us your contact information. We'll be in touch to ask you for the documents related to your request. You can also upload those documents yourself using our user-submitted document tool.
Select Month November 2018 (5) October 2018 (11) September 2018 (6) August 2018 (14) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (11) May 2018 (8) April 2018 (8) March 2018 (10) February 2018 (8) January 2018 (13) December 2017 (8) November 2017 (6) October 2017 (8) September 2017 (11) August 2017 (10) July 2017 (9) June 2017 (11) May 2017 (12) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (10) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (10) December 2016 (10) November 2016 (10) October 2016 (9) September 2016 (8) August 2016 (9) July 2016 (10) June 2016 (11) May 2016 (9) April 2016 (11) March 2016 (11) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (6) November 2015 (9) October 2015 (8) September 2015 (9) August 2015 (11) July 2015 (8) June 2015 (10) May 2015 (9) April 2015 (11) March 2015 (12) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (7) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (7) September 2014 (10) August 2014 (9) July 2014 (6) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (8) January 2014 (7) December 2013 (6) November 2013 (7) October 2013 (12) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (11) June 2013 (7) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (7) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (5) December 2012 (6) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (5) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (5) July 2012 (4) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (7) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (6) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (5) December 2011 (4) November 2011 (5) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (4) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (4) June 2011 (4) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (4) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (5) January 2011 (5) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (5) October 2010 (3) September 2010 (4) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (5) May 2010 (7)
VIDEO: There He Goes Again. National Embarrassment Sen. Dick Durbin Leads the Charge to Bring Syrian “Refugees” to the U.S.
Guidelines defines sdb ‘as a disorder of breathing during sleep characterised by prolonged partial upper airway obstruction and/or intermittent complete obstruction. Obstructive
In 2007 the American College of Physicians accepted the following recommendations for diagnosis and management of stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Obstructive
Critical Appraisal Topic (cat) The treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea to reduce the risk of Cardiovascular Disease By
Original article study of pulmonary function impairment by spirometry in post pulmonary tuberculosis
K. Sailaja, H. Nagasreedhar Rao. “Study of Pulmonary Function Impairment by Spirometry in Post Pulmonary Tuberculosis”. Journal of Evolution of Medical and Dental Sciences 2015; Vol. 4, Issue 42, May 25. Obstructive
Doctor Luke James is our gp lead for this area of our care. Our Copd clinics are run by our community staff nurse Gill Brinkley. The administrative lead for the clinic is Christine Maeder. Obstructive
Adapted from James Allen, M. D., Professor of Internal Medicine in the Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine at The Ohio State University Medical Center md. Obstructive
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (copd) is a very serious lung disease. It is the fourth leading cause of death in the United States and millions of Americans are estimated to have copd. Copd starts slowly and gets worse over time. Obstructive
It is a progressive disease that causes serious disabilities, and copd contributes to the development of heart disease, as well. Almost all cases of copd are caused by cigarette smoking. Obstructive
Note: The information you see describes what usually happens with a medical condition, but. Obstructive
This warm and elegant home is great for family and friends. Birch hardwood floors and designer paints throughout add to the charm of this home. The kitchen has granite countertops, extra large granite island, tile backsplash, cabinets galore and updated lighting making it the heart of the home! The kitchen is open to the family room with a gas fireplace insert, built-in shelves and entertainment center. This 3 bedroom, 2 bath walkout ranch is 1749 sf, plus a large (1400sf) unfinished basement. The Master suite has a 5 piece master bath and walk-in closet with cedar flooring. There is a main floor study with double French doors, main floor laundry and 2 car garage. There are two flagstone patios, a deck and backs to open space and walking trails. Great location! Built in 2001, this home is in model condition! New air conditioning. Cherry Creek Schools, near new Southlands Mall and E470.
« Sydney Finkelstein: Author & Professor of Management and Director of the Center for Leadership at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College | Main | John Klein: Director & executive producer of Glass City Films »
Shad is an actor, writer and producer based out of Albuquerque, New Mexico. He can be seen performing at AuxDog theater in the Graduate as Mr. Robinson from March 18 - April 10. Tickets available at: http://auxdog.com/wordpress/event/the-graduate/. He is also the executive producer for the upcoming series Thank You, 5 currently under production. Learn more at http://www.thankyou5theshow.com
Shad is featured in a number of films including: Independence Day: Resurgence (2016), Gold (2016) and The Space Between Us (2016). Detailed credits can be found at http://www.imdb.me/shadadair or http://www.shadadair.com Shad also currently serves as the Chairman for Albuquerque SCORE Chapter 0067 where he champions economic development issues and personally mentors a variety of small businesses and is a board member to the Albuquerque based Giving It Forward, LLC.
As an entrepreneur and investor he serves on the advisory board of enterprise software and services firms providing perspective on sales enablement and growth strategies. He currently serves as an advisor to the following organizations: Talentura (mobile recruiting); Univ. of New Mexico School of Business Venture Program; CNM STEMulus Ignite Accelerator Program; ABQ SCORE Small Business Administration; & CMU Information Management Institute as Corporate Fellow.
I am a connector of people and opportunities who constantly challenges the status quo. I am on an eternal quest to improve and nurture valuable relationships.
I believe that setting a ridiculously impossible vision and launching out on a quest to discover our boundaries is what makes us the best we can possibly be.
To create stories that educate as well as entertain while inspiring in others a legacy of compassion and justice.
Without a doubt placing my family as a priority in life. My wife and kids are amazing and have inspired me to seek out the greatest challenges in life.
Recovering from a childhood accident - I was hit by a drunk a driver and exceptionally fortunate to have lived through the ordeal.
Anyone who advocate for peace, justice and positive change. I’m also a huge music fan and could list pages up on pages of my favorite artists.
One of my favorite places on the planet is Croatia. Absolutely beautiful country and some of the most welcoming people I have ever encountered.
People who know me best would say that I have a serious addiction to Starbucks Green Tea Frappuccino’s.
I believe that economic prosperity can be a driving force for positive social and community change. I invest a significant portion of my time and energies to advocating business mentorship throughout our community.
Solid Pine – As the name states, this casket is made of solid pine which has been sustainably farmed. It can be lined with satin or unbleached calico along with a wool mattress. This casket has a smooth and natural finish.
Craft beer is big business in Canada. While consumption of mass-market beer has begun to shrink across the country, craft beer sales has grown every year since its inception. And the quality of Canadian craft beer has steadily improved as well. Micro breweries are sprouting all over the country and they are attracting consumers of all ages and from all walks of life all over the planet. Canadian craft beers also consistently win the top prizes in craft beer contests worldwide. Many people see this as the golden age of Canadian craft beer. But the future looks even brighter.
Eli Gershkovitch and his Steamworks Brewery is one of the veterans in Canada’s craft beer industry. A former practicing attorney, Eli Gershkovitch opened Steamworks Brewery in Gastown, Vancouver in 1995. From the very beginning Eli Gershkovitch planned to revolutionize Canadian craft beer. The innovative brewmaster has been wildly successful. When he started Steamworks Brewery, he made few types of beer and just enough volume to meet the needs of his 184 seat beerpub. Today, Gershkovitch’s Gastown beerpub has over 750 seats and tourists and locals alike flock to it every day. Read more about his craft beers at The Bro Talk.
Steamworks Brewery is now an essential staple of Vancouver’s culture. The mantra of Eli Gershkovitch is he will only ‘expand to meet demand’. And he has done just that. He now owns several restaurants and bars throughout Vancouver and they all carry a wide range of flavorful Steamworks craft beers created by brewmaster Eli Gershkovitch. And the places where Steamworks Brewery’s craft beer is in demand has continued to multiply. The craft beer Eli Gershkovitch brews is now drunk by people all over Canada, the United States, Europe and is making inroads in Asia. Read more about Eli Gershkovitch at crunchbase.com.
These days Eli Gershkovitch has one of the most popular breweries and Steamworks produces some of the top-selling craft beers. Gershkovitch can do whatever he wants. But he remains humble, casual, polite and down to earth. He appreciates the freedom and control over his life building his craft beer empire has afforded him. He’s rewarded himself by becoming a pilot and expanding his classic car collection.
Author Esme PattersonPosted on January 17, 2018 Categories Business Profile1 Comment on Eli Gershkovitch And The Golden Age Of Canadian Craft Beer
Jason Halpern is a dynamic real estate developer based in New York. He currently serves his family real estate development firm JMH Development as Principal. The company has already invested well over $500 Million in the real estate projects across the United States, mostly in New York. The primary focus of the company is to develop luxury housing and commercial projects to cater to the urban population and leading corporates of the city respectively.
Few of the pioneering projects of the company are located centrally in the upscale areas of Miami Beach, Manhattan, and Brooklyn. One of the notable projects completed by the company under the leadership and supervision of Jason Halpern was the construction of 340 luxury apartments. It was developed on 184 Kent, transformed into a luxurious residential project from what was originally a warehouse. The Cobble Hill Project that consists of 9 luxury residential townhouses, located in the Greater Brooklyn Area, is also one of the major projects undertaken by JMH Development.
JMH Development has many other residential and commercial projects spread through the New York State and continues its stream of successful development in different segments of real estate space. Jason Halpern has led many successful constructions in the developing areas of Williamsburg, Queens, and Brooklyn as well, adding considerably to the corporate and residential space in the region. JMH Development has been on the forefront of real estate construction and development that has been taking place in the New York state for over half a century. Jason Halpern is the third generation owner of the company. He is committed to the legacy the company has been following for over half a century. One of the notable achievements of the company is developing several million square feet of commercial space in the famous Westchester County, which has helped the county attract commercial success.
One of the guiding principles of Jason as well as JMH Development Inc is to respect the local culture and communities in which the company develops. Jason is also famous for his interest in the acquisition of historic properties and developing the same while harboring the traditional heritage of the buildings. It is the fusion of construction styles and adding the modern amenities and style with the luxury and charm of the old building styles in some of the development that JMH Development has undertaken that sets the company apart from its counterpart.
Apart from being a successful real estate developer, Jason Halpern is a well-known philanthropist as well. JMH Development takes corporate social responsibility seriously and is associated with the local charitable organizations to contribute to social and community welfare through monetary contributions and volunteering efforts made by the company staff. Jason Halpern is attached to the Joel A. Halpern Trauma Center that takes on various complex surgeries and is a level I trauma center.
Author Esme PattersonPosted on July 27, 2017 July 30, 2017 Categories Business Industry, Business ProfileLeave a comment on Jason Halpern – Carrying Forward the Legacy of JMH Development
David G. McDonald is the Chief Operating Officer, President, and a Board Member of the privately held food processing company OSI Group, LLC. David G. McDonald first joined the company in 1987 after graduating from Iowa State University with his Bachelor’s degree in Animal Science. Over the course of his career, he has steadily worked his way up the ladder into the position he is now in. He is also an Independent Director at Marfrig Global Foods S.A., a position he has held since 2008. Additionally, he is the Chairman of the Board for the North American Meat Institute.
OSI Group provides processed food products to restaurants around the globe, as well as processing food that is sold by grocery stores under their private label brands. While the company initially processed meat only, today it also processes seafood, vegetables, fruits, and other products such as condiments, pizzas, dressings, and sandwich fillings.
When OSI Group recently acquired two European food processing companies, Baho Foods in the Netherlands and Flagship Europe in the UK, David McDonald issued press releases about the purchases. He said that both companies portfolio of products meshed very well with what OSI Group provides and will strengthen their sales throughout Europe.
As different countries have different food regulations, laws, culture, and other issues, running a global company can be very difficult. Addressing these issues, David McDonald has said that his company competes very well because they have operations and facilities throughout the world. He elaborated by saying that while the company is global each facility has a local management team that has the knowledge to operate in the country they’re in. He’s also said that China is one of their biggest focuses due to it quickly becoming the largest consumer market in the world. In recent years he said that OSI Group has opened up new food processing facilities in China in order to meet additional demand from both restaurants and grocery stores in the country. The company also supplied the food that was served at the 2008 Beijing Olympics which included 113 tons of processed food and more information click here.
Author Esme PattersonPosted on May 13, 2017 May 12, 2017 Categories Business News, Business ProfileLeave a comment on How David McDonald Meets the Demands of His Position at OSI Group
The Swiss Startup Factory holds the keys to the future of Switzerland in the world of business. Co-Founder and Executive Chairman, Mike Baur is the key to the foundation and birth of SSUF. Raising the funds for capital as well as for financing multiple projects is what Mike Baur is responsible for at SSUF, and those who join the panel of high-level experts all know that joining the efforts of SSUF is the best way to learn every step from inception to the finish line what a business is all about.
Having started SSUF in 2014, Baur knew that the structure and how he setup the training would be the key to how effective this training was for any entrepreneur that joined. The ambition to create global companies is Baur’s greatest passion, and after working in the banking industry he wanted to do something different. Baur’s goal was to find new and innovative ways to start and run a company, all while teaching entrepreneurs how to think outside the box. His idea was to create a solid foundation with a three month program, that would support early stage startups with financing, coaching, and the best mentoring available in their industries. Additionally, Baur wanted to secure appropriate office space to give the entrepreneurs enough room to come in as a team and brainstorm as they continue to build on new ideas for their new business.
Creating access to a large entrepreneurial network would allow Baur to give any early stage startup the very best start possible with those who are experienced in multiple startups with multiple projects. The cornerstone of SSUF is the Accelerator Program, which is the three month program designed to push these entrepreneurs to start and build their business with momentum as quickly as possible. There are now several internship projects available with SSUF for those who wish to come on board and learn more about the InSure Tech industry.
There are multiple opportunities within SSUF, and Baur has created opportunities in various industries with the help of his team to bring the best entrepreneurial minds as well as those who are considered top-level bankers as well. Mentorship is available to those who wish to engage direct with innovative thinkers, and discover the very best that business has to offer in Switzerland.
The two inventions that have proved elusive to the medical community is a way to reverse aging and a cure or even vaccine for cancer. This does not mean that people have given up looking for answers, as a matter of fact, efforts to treat cancer have been doubled and governments are offering more funds for cancer research. In addition to this, there are many private companies that have joined the search for a cure and one of these happens to be the Tempus Initiative. This is the brainchild of one Eric Lefkosky.
Eric Lefkosky believes that to deal with most of the serious illnesses that progress through stages and lead to death when not managed the right way, genome sequencing is the solution. What he believes is that when enough genetic data has been captured about a patient, it I possible to predict how they will react to a certain treatment. As a result, any complications that might arise from the treatment will be foreseen and dealt with before they occur. This will give the caregivers ample time to look for solutions to the problem beforehand. Check on cancer.northwestern.edu
Lefkosky’s journey to where he is right now started when he was in college. Together with a friend, they founded Brandon Apparel, a company that was selling upholstery and related products. They got the capital they needed to start this company from their close friends and relatives. After graduating college, Lefkosky started Inneworkings, a company that offered procurement to small and medium scale enterprises. The company went public with an IPO that was held in 2012. Another company that he started was Echo Global Statistics which is concerned with freight. The company is also listed on NASDAQ.
Through the Tempus applications, it is possible for patients, doctors and other caregivers to look into the progress that a patient is making when receiving treatment. The doctors predict complications and look for treatment alternatives that will be less stressful. Other charities that Eric Lefkosky takes part in include the Chicago Children’s hospital where he is a member of the board. He is a true inspiration to many people.
Author Esme PattersonPosted on March 10, 2017 Categories Business ProfileLeave a comment on How Eric Lefkosky’s Tempus initiative is transforming the healthcare industry
Pride in ownership abounds within this wonderful 4 bedroom 3 bath home. No disappointment, this move-in ready home shows like a model. Truly an entertaining friendly floor plan with its formal living area, family room, and large bonus room….all overlooking the wonderful pool an private preserve area. The open chefs kitchen, complete with 42” cherry cabinetry, stainless appliances, granite counters, and tile backsplash is adjacent to the magnificent butlers pantry. The master suite is fit for a king & queen with its large walk-in closets with custom built-ins, a spacious bath with dual vanities, separate shower and soaking tub. The oversized garage has a storage & fitness room. Country Meadows is highly sought after with it preferred school district, community amenities, and No CDD fees. Located just minutes from 3 airports, world class dining and shopping, the Arts of Sarasota, and our award winning beaches. This is a must see!
oyster bay paint the original paint was too dingy looking with the oak cabinets and bamboo floors new paint compliments the light wood color is oyster bay oyster bay paint color kitchen.
town of oyster bay paint disposal 2015 with oak cabinets glamorous in bedroom traditional green exterior,oyster bay paint bedroom town of disposal 2015 with oak cabinets five things i love about this and one hate the,popular paint color and palette ideas home bunch interior oyster bay by sherwin williams disposal town of can,oyster bay paint with oak cabinets living room love this is my home sherwin williams exterior,oyster bay is blue what now stuck paint kitchen exterior dining room,decor inspiration for painting projects using this oyster bay paint color kitchen bedroom disposal,oyster bay next one down on the strip from town of paint disposal 2015 can 2016 kitchen,oyster bay paint bedroom traditional with arched doorway l listed town of can disposal 2015 by sherwin williams,oyster bay paint kitchen sherwin williams exterior urban properties blog bedroom,town of oyster bay paint disposal 2015 color kitchen can bathrooms design white dove accessible beige.
Reach Dane/Reach Green offers a generous benefit package to regular employees that work 20 hours or more per week. The benefit package includes the option to enroll in health insurance (75% employer paid premium), dental insurance (50% employer paid premium), and vision insurance. Reach Dane/Reach Green has a competitive 403B match after 2 years of employment and contributes 5% (employee must contribute at minimum 1% to receive match.) Other perks include: vacation and sick time accruals, worker�s compensation insurance, long term disability and life insurance at no charge.
The Early Head Start Teacher will plan, design and implement a developmentally appropriate curriculum for enrolled children, serve as primary child care provider for children 0 to 3 years old enrolled in Reach Dane infant / toddler centers, and provide supervision, performance feedback and scheduling for reporting staff. The Early Head Start Teacher will comply with all licensing and Early Head Start Program Performance Standards, follow families� cultural values and practices in caring for their children, exhibit respect for parents and reinforce their vital role as the primary educator of their children, and assure licensing requirements are met and that the environment is clean and safe. Act as a positive liaison between community agencies, providing services to children and guidance to families.
Partner with teaching teams, accepting guidance to provide daily classroom activities utilizing Head Start Program Performance Standards
Plan and implement appropriate activities for children ages 0 to 3 years old that foster their cognitive emotional and physical growth
Minimum educational requirement of an Associate�s degree in Early Childhood Education or a Bachelor�s degree in Early Childhood Education or in a related field that includes 18 credits in Early Childhood Education / Development. Coursework specific to Infant and Toddler Development is required.
Ability to apply Early Childhood Development theory in daily classroom activities, and adapt to the individuals needs of children
Establish and implement daily lesson plan; prepare and implement age-appropriate developmental experiences and school readiness learning activities; supervise children in the classroom
Implements agency approved curriculum that includes knowledge and skills in the Head Start Child Development and Early Learning Framework�s five essential domains: language and literacy development, cognition and general knowledge, approaches to learning, physical well-being and motor development, and social emotional development; Complying with all licensing
Officially, LTSC(LTSB) is a specialized edition of Windows 10 Enterprise that promises the longest intervals between feature upgrades of any version of the operating system.
Local Government Finance Statistics, corp creators. (2014) Budgeted expenditure on Special Educational Needs (SEN) provision, 2014-15. [ Datganiad cyntaf = First release ]
Local Government Finance Statistics, corp creators. (2014) Local authority budgeted expenditure on schools, 2014-15. [ Statistical bulletin = Bwletin ystadegol (Welsh Government) ]
Digital Education Resource Archive (DERA) is powered by EPrints 3.4 and is hosted by EPrints Services.
See how Foxtail Marketing can Improve your product sales, system, and digital existence. Click on the button down below to find out what Foxtail can perform for your company.
One of the best techniques to assist your marketing marketing campaign go viral is usually to 1st generate something that engages the audience on an psychological stage. When you’re anticipating your dry e book or situation research to go viral, I have information for you: It received’t!
The shopper may be very content with the engagement progress provided by Foxtail Marketing. These are professionals with expanding social networking followings and natural and organic targeted visitors. Foxtail Marketing is extremely advised to others.
The client is actually a customized present retail Procedure situated in Colorado. There was a need to make the corporation's manufacturer and start to make on the web sales opportunities. Foxtail Marketing was chosen to offer Search engine optimisation [search engine optimisation], branding, social networking marketing, and Adwords management.
AOL and our associates use cookies for a variety of uses, which include amassing specifics of website use, written content management, giving tailored content and advertisements, and website traffic measurement and Assessment.
Foxtail also offers us Using the stats for an data-graphic. We design our personal format, Nevertheless they do the investigate for it.
What are some ways in which an organization may well review their suitable clients and customer personas to good tune the very best feasible content material and marketing, to provide their shoppers a thing of serious use and price within their life?
You are shopper working experience need to be so phenomenal that Other folks rave about your manufacturer. Your service or product ought to be exquisite and become That which you claim it being.
I've done thorough on the internet investigation and made a decision to search for a marketing Experienced which includes the knowledge and capabilities to simply accept the obstacle.
Foxtail was initially supposed to tackle only one portion of our marketing. We observed that they might essentially do everything we ended up in FoxtailMarketing search of, and ended our collaboration with the person we were utilizing at that time, who was serving as much more of the intermediary.
Find the finest collection of Website positioning businesses which can be major just how and demonstrate a Inventive and progressive method of search and electronic marketing.
You should experiment with dozens of pics. Request family and friends to emphasis group the images to help you ensure you’re selecting an image that will actually get your shopper’s interest. The image you select for the concept is nearly additional significant compared to the message alone.
Which means that our clients don’t just have a vendor to work with, but fairly they've got a lover that is certainly as invested in their accomplishment as They are really. We consider this is the greatest product for an Website positioning agency to work beneath In relation to their consumers. With no this level of collaboration, You will find a disconnect and the results could be subpar.
Inbound marketing also allows an organization get recognized as a assumed leader within their marketplace. After so many years of dishonest promoting and cynical marketing, how can this assistance a business surpass their Levels of competition?
9 oregon ducks this time the womens basketball team gets this exclusive pair of the nike lebron sold
genuine nike zoom soldier vii men basketball shoes sky blue silver sale excellent qualitywholesale n
nike lebron james soldier 9 basketball shoes in green camo men lebron soldier ix hymy m160910 109 76
I saw a story on NPR about how, in preparation for Yom Kippur (which begins at sundown tonight), many Orthodox Jews participate in a chicken-swinging ritual. Apparently, however, it has become quite a controversy and some Orthodox Jews are rejecting the tradition, suggesting that money be swung instead. I wanted to get a better idea of how this chicken-swinging ritual might actually look – especially the part where a chicken for each family member is slaughtered as a symbol of atonement. This is a video I found from the New York Times that shows what Kapparos is all about.
This is my exchange, this is my substitute, this is my atonement. This rooster/hen will go to its death (or this money will go to charity), while I will enter and proceed to a good long life and to peace.
The ADC 419 ADTEMP Digital Hypothermia Thermometer F/C is The world's first digital extended-range hypothermia thermometer and enables health care providers to get quick, accurate temperature measurements in both Fahrenheit and Celsius anywhere from 78.0F to 111.9F (26.0C to 43.9C [Accuracy ±0.2°F / ±0.1°C.]) within a 10 second measurement time.
This durable, water resistant thermometer has a replaceable 1.5" (LR41) battery provides up to 1,500 measurements and helpful features include auto off to conserve battery power, a large temperature display for easy reading, an audible alert, a last measurement recall, and a two year manufacturer's warranty on parts.
I just got an email with this video from a person who I think might be its creator. In any case, the video is pretty great.
Edit: Hmmm. It seems that it's getting cut off and only showing the left half because blogger is dumb. I think if you click on it, it'll take you to YouTube, where you can watch it properly.
I like to read books and watch movies. A lot. As in, I like it very much and I like doing it frequently.
Be a part of it! Send me whatever fascinating or delicious pork-related stuff you've got. I'll credit you (with a link to whatever site you choose), so not only will you be advancing the cause, you'll also be earning undying glory. Drop me an email at kasiab at gmail dot com. Warning: in case the AD FREE banner above doesn't make it clear enough -- I'm not interesting in promoting your product unless I actually like it. If you've got some pork-related thing I think is cool, I'll happily put up a post about it. Emails written in pseudo-enthusiastic robotic corporate ad-speak creep me out; please don't send them to me.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. Accordingly, a 'genius' is often merely a talented person who has done all of his or her homework.
I have recently been covering utility billing and customer service technology issues. Last week I covered new functionality that utilities themselves are beginning to ask for when it comes to the customer information system (CIS). Many of you responded to that newsletter with feedback related to progress that has been and still needs to be made. Granted, we as an industry have come a long way with dynamic pricing, demand response, smart meters, renewable integration via net metering and net billing. Yet we have a long way to go.
One reader challenged that some of the functionality being requested by utilities require fundamental changes in how we provision customer service. For instance, why does billing need to be a batch process? Many of the new functionality require real-time billing that can support scale and allow new features such as starting new rates on any date (not just on the cycle date) and time (not just midnight). Another reader suggested that billing determinant calculations move to the “smart” meter itself. I know that the meter data management (MDM) vendors have been entertaining billing determinant calculations in the MDM, which already performs validation, estimation, and editing. Interesting that the MDM market is consolidating quickly – e-Meter/Siemens, Ecologic Analytics/L+G, and Itron and Oracle having their own MDMs.
Interacting with customers, which many are calling consumer engagement, includes new technologies such as mobile apps, social networks, smart thermostats, and in-home displays. Would you download an “app” from your utility if you could see the status of electricity, gas, water (on/off), report outages, see usage in near real-time, set a profile of commodity use in your home, and monitor the results from anywhere in the world? Would you pay for that app? In a couple of months I plan to attend the AGA/EEI Customer Service Conference & Exposition in Ft. Worth, TX (http://www.aga.org/Events/2012Events/aga-eei-cust-srvc-conf-and-expo/Pages/Default.aspx). Many of these topics will be addressed there. While I cannot do justice to the planned agenda found at (http://www.aga.org/Events/2011Events/ExecConf2011/Documents/2012%20Cust%20Serv%20and%20Low%20Income%20Conf%20Preliminary%20Agenda.pdf), a few of the general session topics include:
I have been known to look at utility customer service through generational lenses, many times comparing how my own family interacts with others. Myself? I never call the utility unless I have to. When I have to, I may call the call center. Last night I interacted with Comcast via online chat on their website, which is a huge step for me. My son, who is 15 years old, would rather text than speak on the phone. He will certainly download apps to the tablet and run them until he drains the batteries (energy efficiency is a topic for another time). When will he be a utility customer? If his mom and dad are successful in getting him through college and into the job market, in less than ten years. How will the utilities interact or engage him?
Jon Brock is President of utility and energy advisor Desert Sky Group, LLC. He can be reached at jbrock@desertskygroup.com
Mew's debut album "Frengers" was an unexpected mini masterpiece from a Danish band who have since supported REM and have even improved the quality and vast range with their follow up "And The Glass Handed Kites". Although Designer Magazine have seen Mew several times over the years, your correspondent has never seen the band live before so it will be interesting to see how they manage to successfully re-create the subtle, ambitious scope of their albums.
Tonight, these crazy Danes have decided to play their regular set backwards which is unorthodox, but a delightful surprise. All the band are smartly dressed, but it's heart throb guitarist Bo Madsen, eye candy for the ladies, smouldering looks, flawless complexion and long flowing hair making him the Johnny Depp of Mew. Lead singer Jonas Bjerne is an unassuming character, short in stature but high in drama with a versatile, at times fragile, vocal which tugs at the old heart strings at regular intervals. It's a dazzling light show as well, although the strobes are a little overpowering (blinding the fans isn't a good career move guys). "Comforting Sounds" is dreamy, anthemic, beautifully arranged and performed with just a smidgen of prog rock. "Apocalypso" is a lot rockier and more immediate with elements of emo and grunge with undercurrents of Joy Division. As the songs are performed in reverse Mew do their encore after their second track, the fans encouraged to just accept their unusual approach. The backdrop shows increasingly strange, but unforgettable animated films of animals with human characteristics which has to be out of this world visually.
"She Comes Home For Christmas", a classic Mew single, has the kind of resonance and whimsy you'd find in the work of Mercury Rev. You can tell by the crowds response that they're really connecting with Mew as they encouragingly shout songtitles, jostle around and sing in unison for each and every song. They're lush harmonies on "Zookeepers Boy" and an amazing show stopper of a track in the guise of "China-Berry Tree" where afterwards the fans at the front literally fall over themselves in order to secure tonight's sacred set list.
I'll leave you with the opinion of die hard fan Dave who's travelled all the way from London to see one of his favourite bands.. He describes seeing Mew as "like swimming down a ravine of chocolate milk and spinning off into outer space inhabited by marshmallow dreams". I couldn't have put it better myself, Mew are an inspirational European band who have the talent and presence to be successfully in our very own country. Godspeed to the best thing to have come out of Denmark since their bacon
It cannot be definitely stated which food is richer in minerals.	See charts below for detailed information.
It cannot be definitely stated which food is richer in vitamins.	See charts below for detailed information.
<<Twilight saga Breaking Dawn : Do you want me to sing to you? | HOME | Something Blue by Tess De Luna>>
Lions Club District Governor James Reeves (right) speaks during the ribbon cutting ceremony while Rick Morris, Roann Covered Bridge Lions Club president, looks on.
ROANN – Representatives from the Roann Covered Bridge Lions Club and the Roann Heritage Group were among those on hand Saturday afternoon as the ribbon was cut to dedicate a caboose on display just north of the Roann Paw Paw Township Library.
The caboose, once fully restored, will allow the library to use it during its summer reading program, as well as at various other events throughout the year.
The caboose, Nickel Plate No.1142, was donated to the Lions Club by Dick Siders, who used it for many years as an office for his business in Disko. Siders said he owned the caboose for about 30 or 35 years.
Roann Lions President Rick Morris and Lions member Keith Ford were among those who spoke at the ceremony.
Emmanuel Christian School's volleyball squad recently won its third straight Indiana Asssociation of Christian Schools state volleyball tournament. Players include (front row from left) Erin Daniel, Izzy Knote, Zaney McNight, Ruth Niccum, Paige Ritzema, Amelia Sweet and Haley Miller; (back row from left) Coach Chenoa Miller, Renee Lane, Ellie Daniel, Jaeden Younce, Sophie Trusty, Raelyn Coyne, Zoey McKnight and Coach Keri Hinds.
MUNCIE – The Emmaunel Christian volleyball squad dominated its way through the competition Oct. 26 and Oct. 27, winning its third straight Indiana Association of Christian Schools state volleyball championship.
MONROE -- Southwood’s undefeated run through the season was emphatically cut short Friday night in a 38-0 road loss to Adams Central.
Wabash’s girls basketball squad opened the season with a 44-39 win over Elwood on Saturday night at Coolman Gymnasium.
The Lady Apaches built a 19-6 by the end of the first quarter, then upped their advantage to 29-15 by halftime before holding on in the second half.
A feature film is scheduled to be filmed in downtown Wabash and other sites around the county in early October.
Skyler Lawson, a Southwood High School graduate and up-and-coming movie producer, plans to film the period piece “Whelm” from Oct. 8-Oct. 22.
The film is a 1933 Depression era film that’s a gangster film about a small-town family that gets tangled between a legendary gangster and another criminal, Lawson told The Paper of Wabash County. Two brothers who have trouble connecting with one another try to avenge their father’s being caught in the crossfire of a heist and, in the end, are drawn together.
“I grew up here,” Lawson said of his decision to film in Wabash. “My dad’s (Jeff Lawson) a farmer. I grew up helping on the farm, me and my brother. My mom (Lori Lawson) works at Ford Meter Box.”
Lawson has four short films to his credit, all of which have been shot in Indiana. Three of the films where filmed in Wabash County.
His latest short film, “Left Hand,” is based on the life of George Price, former LaFontaine School principal and World War II veteran.
“I went in and zoomed in on a tiny piece of his story that I could tell right away,” Lawson said. “And so, I emptied my bank account to tell the story for a 92-year-old man who deserved it. That was last year.”
“The thing is, I filmed it all here, and no one would ever know it,” Lawson said. “We have some very diverse landscape here in Wabash.”
The film, he said, was well received during a recent festival at the former Grauman’s Chinese Theater in Los Angeles, now called the TCL Chinese Theater.
“It played to a sold-out audience, and it was received really, really well,” he said. “Everyone just assumed I was from Los Angeles or New York. They find I’m from Indiana, and I still live in Indiana, and they’re like, ‘How the heck do you do that?’
“I think you can make films anywhere, as long as you’re being authentic. I think, honestly the world is starved for authenticity right now. It was like, pick your poison. I think that was shining through when I was in Hollywood representing my film I was also representing Indiana. I was the only one there from Indiana.
Before doing so, he first contacted the actors who were in “Left Hand” and asked if they would be willing to work in his new film.
“I called them and asked them if they would be willing to go on a journey with me like they did for ‘Left Hand,’” Lawson said. “And they all said yes. Money had nothing to do with it. They just wanted to do it. And so, I decided right there I was going to write a movie for Wabash, and I wrote a Depression-era film.”
“He was in and around the area,” Lawson said, “so those local legends are rich here. Everyone’s got a story. Everyone’s grandpa has a story. So that intrigued me because I’m all about making period pieces.
“But also, these actors are so high quality that they deserve having high caliber parts written for them. But also, there’s the other thing, I could have written the movie for tons of places, but why not write it for my home town?”
The film circles around a small-town family that gets tangled between a bank robber and a rival criminal in a small town.
“Is it John Dillinger?” Lawson asked rhetorically. “That’s a question mark. That’s a question mark. He went by Jimmy Lawrence while he was here. Maybe it was. Maybe it wasn’t. He wasn’t going to say anything.
“So I wrote a movie about that. Part fact. Part fiction. It’s like one of those classic movies that don’t get made anymore, in the place that it actually happened.”
“We have a world-class establishment in the Charley Creek Inn right here in our town,” he said. “It’s like stepping back in time. Why would I not feature that?
“A lot of our facades in our town are from that era. You talk to my grandparents, or you talk to my wife’s grandparents, and everyone talks about that era, going downtown to the Eagles Theater. We’re revitalizing a ton of our downtown, and they’ve done an incredible job of bringing tourism here and taking care and seeing the value of what we have.
“Meanwhile, while I’m out trying to make a film career, every time I come back there’s more and more things going on. Why would I take my business to some place that gets films all the time? Why not feature where I grew up and bring value to the table. I think somewhere down the line, and my film career goes to where it may, it’s only going to go up in value with that first movie being shot here. And I’ll shoot more movies here, for sure.
Lawson said he is looking for some help from area residents, especially when it comes to props. While he has many props, he’s always on the lookout for more, such as a bed from the 1930s and more. He’s also looking for period clothes.
“If people have a car that pre-dates 1933, I’ll put it in the film. I’ll put it on the street,” he said.
He’s also looking for groups or organizations to help feed the cast and crew while here, roughly 20 people.
“I’ll put anyone’s name in the credits,” he said. “I’ll give you tickets to the premiere if I do it in Indianapolis, or here. It really would be amazing if, once the Eagles gets done, we have a nice event there, because … it is a love letter to Wabash.
“I think Hollywood has a reputation that they like to grandstand everyone. And they do. That’s how it is. I’m not that. I’m from here and I’m not different. That’s why, when I went to Hollywood I stood out. I was bringing the values of this town with me and it did stand out.”
Anyone interested in helping Lawson with props or food, contact Bev Vanderpool, administrative assistant at Wabash City Hall, 260-563-4171.
“I want the town to feel ownership, too,” Lawson said. “I’m making it happen, but it doesn’t happen without the town.”
ߦ New Orleans Man Pleads Guilty to Hate Crime in Shooting of Three Black Men Attempting to Evacuate After Hurricane Katrina
ߦ Three Park Patrol Officers Sentenced for Deprivation of Civil Rights by Intentionally Making False Arrests
Galveston County Sheriff's deputies arrested and charged the 16-year-old for allegedly making a false alarm or report.
TEXAS CITY, Texas - A Texas City High School student was arrested Monday in connection to an alleged threat made last week on a bathroom wall at the school.
Galveston County Sheriff’s deputies arrested and charged the 16-year-old for allegedly making a false alarm or report.
The district informed parents Thursday night of the threat. Though they did not believe the threat was credible, district officials implemented increased police presence Friday at the school.
Synopsis: Darby finds herself in trouble with the law, and is sentenced to house arrest. Now she must serve 30 days in the home she used to share with her ex-boyfriend,…
Synopsis: A boy growing up in Dublin during the 1980s escapes his strained family life by starting a band to impress the mysterious girl he likes.
Synopsis: Decades after her original visit, the magical nanny returns to help the Banks siblings and Michael’s children through a difficult time in their lives.
Synopsis: A chronicle of the years leading up to Queen’s legendary appearance at the Live Aid (1985) concert.
Synopsis: Pleasantly plump teenager Tracy Turnblad teaches 1962 Baltimore a thing or two about integration after landing a spot on a local TV dance show.
Synopsis: Beca, a freshman at Barden University, is cajoled into joining The Bellas, her school’s all-girls singing group. Injecting some much needed energy into their repertoire, The Bellas take on their…
Synopsis: After a humiliating commando performance at The Kennedy Center, the Barden Bellas enter an international competition that no American group has ever won in order to regain their status and…
Synopsis: After the Bergens invade Troll Village, Poppy, the happiest Troll ever born, and the curmudgeonly Branch set off on a journey to rescue her friends.
Synopsis: A musician helps a young singer and actress find fame, even as age and alcoholism send his own career into a downward spiral.
Synopsis: Biographical story of the rise from nowhere of early rock and roll singer Ritchie Valens who died at age 17 in a plane crash with Buddy Holly and the Big…
Synopsis: Something Like Summer traces the tumultuous relationship of Ben and Tim, secret high school sweethearts who grow over the years into both adulthood enemies and complicated friends.
Synopsis: A mercenary is hired to rescue his ex-girlfriend, a singer who has been kidnapped by a motorcycle gang.
Synopsis: A waitress, desperate to fulfill her dreams as a restaurant owner, is set on a journey to turn a frog prince back into a human being, but she has to…
Synopsis: The Rocker tells the story of a failed drummer who is given a second chance at fame. Robert “Fish” Fishman is the extremely dedicated and astoundingly passionate drummer for the…
Synopsis: The story of Django Reinhardt, famous guitarist and composer, and his flight from German-occupied Paris in 1943.
Synopsis: Tells the true and untold story of prolific rapper, actor, poet and activist Tupac Shakur.
Synopsis: Following their win at the world championship, the now separated Bellas reunite for one last singing competition at an overseas USO tour, but face a group who uses both…
Synopsis: The inspiring and unknown true story behind MercyMe’s beloved, chart topping song that brings ultimate hope to so many is a gripping reminder of the power of true forgiveness.
Synopsis: Discover Donna’s (Meryl Streep, Lily James) young life, experiencing the fun she had with the three possible dads of Sophie (Amanda Seyfriend). Sophie is now pregnant. Like Donna, she’ll be…
The following is a summary of melodies Chord Lyric Candy Cane Lane Sia 2017 best that any of us notify and account for your requirements. Many of us find a great deal of songs Chord Lyric Candy Cane Lane Sia 2017 yet Many of us just show the songs that any of us feel are the best melodies.
the melodies Chord Lyric Candy Cane Lane Sia 2017 is intended for demonstration when you just like the tune make sure you buy the initial cd. Help the singer by purchasing the initial cd Chord Lyric Candy Cane Lane Sia 2017 hence the singer provide the best tune and proceed doing the job.
Global Play Lists is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our mp3 database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at CONTACT US . Global Play Lists Copyright © 2018
Based on Final Fantasy XIII, the highly anticipated role-playing game on the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3, and with a sculpt taken from Square Enix's CGI designs, this Sazh Katzroy Action Figure wields his dual pistols, ready to add some Sazh to your collection! The former airship pilot stands 9 1/4-inches tall, features extreme detail and articulation, and comes in window-box packaging.
Square Enix's Play Arts Kai figures are an improved version of their popular Play Arts action figure series. With a larger scale, greater attention to detail, more articulation points, and additional parts, these are their finest action figures yet!
home | about us | privacy policy | send email | site map | view cartCopyright © 2007 TexasToyZ.com All Rights Reserved.
"dessinee shop online", just UPDATED ! Today's our New Arrivals are listed below. Please check details and sounds (if availabel) at the links. Let's enjoy and find "Fantastic Something" for you !!
( ↑ Listed items on the link above normally changed after this blogs written date, due to our online system. Our New Arrivals are coming almost EVERYDAY!)
The government of Ethiopia could easily be engulfed on a major scale by ethnic and religious turmoil just like Sudan. Or radical Sunni Islamic zealots in Somalia could be causing mayhem by exporting their brand of “hatred” to fellow Muslims in Ethiopia. However, Ethiopia, despite being multi-ethnic and multi-religious, continues to thrive under the leadership of the Ethiopian People’s Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF).
The EPRDF under the Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi, have managed to galvanize a desperate situation because modern day Ethiopia is developing rapidly. The reason for this development is because the EPRDF have put great emphasis on modernization and stability. This can be seen by the expanding education sector and the continuing growth of new universities and the same applies to developing the road system and infrastructure of Ethiopia.
The legacy of the Mengistu regime which collapsed in 1991 was deplorable and the EPRDF had to virtually start from scratch. This applies to the democratization of Ethiopia, modernization, and creating a system which benefited the people of Ethiopia.
While Ethiopia started on a path of democratization and modernization many neighboring nations remained in chaos. This applies to the ongoing crisis in both Somalia and Sudan. Meanwhile, Eritrea is hardly developing on the right path; on the contrary, this nation is alienating itself because of its role in Somalia and other dubious foreign policy ventures.
If we turn the clock back, it is apparent that many centralized nations which were communist, multi-ethnic, and multi-religious, failed to survive the political environment of the 1990s. This notably applies to the former Soviet Union and Yugoslavia; meanwhile, it must be remembered that minorities in China are massively outnumbered by the majority ethnic Han.
Added to this, is the hostile environment because millions have been killed since the 1990s in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda, Somalia, Sudan, and other nations. Despite this, the EPRDF is open to all ethnic and religious groups and this political party clearly understands the need to respect all ethnic and religious groups in Ethiopia. Therefore, ethnic and religious tensions have been contained because of the role of the ruling party and the ongoing democratization of Ethiopia.
Of course, the 1990s and early 21st century for Ethiopia have not been easy. This applies to the war with Eritrea and ethnic and religious tensions which sometimes become ignited because of various factors. Also, the threat from Somalia is real because Sunni Islamists threaten to destabilize Ethiopia and allow global jihadists to spread both internal and global terrorism.
Also, the infrastructure was very weak under Mengistu and at the same time the population continues to grow rapidly. Despite this, the EPRDF is clearly focused on creating a sustainable economy and expanding opportunities for all Ethiopians irrespective of ethnicity or religion. Given this, fresh hope is on the horizon because recent years have seen high economic growth rates and many new sectors are starting to bloom.
In recent weeks, Meles Zenawi hinted that he may leave office and he may or may not do so? Whatever he and the EPRDF decide, it is clear that the EPRDF is a functioning political party and Meles Zenawi, like all politicians, is replaceable despite wisely guiding Ethiopia during difficult times.
After all, the EPRDF functions to serve all Ethiopian people and Meles Zenawi functions within the EPRDF. This once more shows you the democratic nature of the EPRDF and how it sole purpose is to serve the Ethiopian people under the democratic institutions which have been put into place by this political party.
For many Ethiopians and EPRDF members, they are hoping that Meles Zenawi will remain in power and that he will guide the EPRDF in the next general election. However, his vision, and the vision of the EPRDF is based on developing and modernizing Ethiopia and for this reason the majority of Ethiopians supported the EPRDF during the last election. Therefore, while this issue is topical, it pales into insignificance when compared with developing Ethiopia.
Therefore, Meles Zenawi and the EPRDF can be trusted to do what is best for Ethiopia. After all, the foundation stone for a prosperous Ethiopia is being firmly laid by the EPRDF and this “stone” applies to all Ethiopians, irrespective if Christian, Muslim, a follower of traditional beliefs, secular, or whatever.
Lee Jay Walker serves as Tokyo Correspondent of The Seoul Times. He specializes in int'l relations and geopolitics. He is also involved in analyst work and research on business. After finishing BA degree in East European Studies at the University of London, he earned MA degree in Asia Pacific Studies at Nottingham Trent University. Website at http://www.leejaywalker.wordpress.com where work is published.
Hello! I hope everyone is enjoying this lovely Fall weather we are having, I know I am! Now that the season is changing, I needed to change my little flag in our front flower bed. I had one all summer I bought at a local nursery that was bright and said "cool off" which was perfect for our blazing summer. I have had this thought about making my own flag for a while. I thought about getting some outdoor fabric to make one, but didn't want to spend the money on MORE fabric. So I decided just to make it out of burlap and some use up fabric scraps I had on hand! And I LOVE how it turned out!
I used the flag I had for the summer as a template to cut the size of burlap, then folded down about 2 inches at the top and glued it to make a pocket for the rod of the flag holder to go through.
I saw this pillow a long time ago and it came to mind when I was thinking of what to do. I knew I had a bunch of fabric scraps I could stand to get rid of, so after rummaging around in my fabric tub, I was so happy to have found some Fall colors I could use as leaves!
After I cut leaf shapes and a trunk, I used fabric glue to glue them onto the burlap in a tree shape. I wasn't sure if that would work very well, but I was too lazy to sew all the way around all of those leaves. ;) Luckily it worked just fine!
Although, I did sew about 1/4 of an inch around the edge and frayed it out. (Do this before you glue the top down.) This is not a weather proof flag, obviously, so I have taken it in a couple times in case it rained. I don't know how well the glue would hold up in the rain. But we have had the most beautiful weather lately so it has gotten to stay the night outside a lot. ;)
This was SO easy!! It didn't take long at all, usually I work on a project off an on for a few days, but this one was easy enough that I just did it all at once. I love it! I love the colors especially against our green shrubs. And my basil too, that thing is taking off like crazy lately. yum.
Projects that use what you already have on hand are the best! I have so much left over stuff piled up in my craft closet, it is nice to get rid of some of that in such a pretty way! :)
This is so so so cute. I love anything with burlap, though :). I'm going to follow your blog as soon as I leave this comment :)
Kimberly, this is beautiful. A lively tree of life. Thank you for sharing the howto with us readers here, and let me invite you too to share your creations and ideas at our linky party at http://www.FineCraftGuild.com/party .
this is super super cute!!! I've got a link party going on now that I would love for you to share this at. I am so inspired!
Found and followed you through Hubby Made Me's link party. I just love your blog! Feel free to stop by mine as well :)
Such a cheerful little tree! I LOVE the scraps you used. Fab job! I'm your newest follower (almost 200- go you!) Can't wait to see more of your creations.
Thank you for linking up at Keep Calm & Link Up again last week...we hope you'll join us again this Friday! :o)
This is too cute! I need something to spruce up my front flower beds and this might just be perfect. Thanks for the inspiration!
That is so cute!! The fabric and colors are so pretty! Thanks so much for sharing at my Throwback Thursday party :) I hope to see you again this week!
Happy Valentines Day! Last night I made these yummy treats for Carter to take to school today. I had made them before for his birthday party, and it is so good I knew I had to make it again!
In a skillet pop the popcorn in the oil and set aside in a large bowl, crush up Oreos into chunks and add to the popcorn.
I'll warn you this stuff is sooo good!! I had to get on to my husband because he kept grabbing spoonfuls. ;)
Cookies and cream popcorn sounds like a delicious combo! Definately keeping this little recipe in mind. Happy Valentine's Day!
Oh wow! This looks so delicious. I am so jealous of all these adorable food related valentines I see. Our school system (regular and daycare) strictly forbids any type of food item :/
YUM! Does this count as a dessert?! I'm thinking no, right? I am not having dessert until my daughter's first birthday, but I want some of this ;)
Oh my goodness- this looks amazing! I would probably eat the whole thing, by myself! I am a new follower!
Just dropping in from Love Laugh Rowe. I would also love to invite you to join Lets Get Social Sunday and link up your blog and all your social sites (Facebook, Twitter etc) to meet new friends and gain more followers!! (Live right now at http://www.myturnforus.com/ ) We have about 150+ blogs link up each week:)
Thanks for linking up at the blog hop!! Love to find new blogs, and that popcorn looks amazing!!!! Happy to be following along :) ~Bre
Newest follower from the Sunday Social. This looks yummy! Made a similar one over Christmas using crushed candy canes and white chocolate. We just called it Crack Corn because it was so addictive.
Cute blog! New follower, found you through the blog hop. Can't wait to read more! Zoe @ Turquoisebohemian.com
You must make a halloween themed car, So go crazy with skulls, bats and witches and make a wild beast capable of scaring the jeepers out of anyone who see's it! ...but not too scary for my sake. xD
If anyone needs there pictures taken by me, I will get pictures at the Halloween cruise this Saturday 29th October.
i'm not taking part. haven't really been on forum due to new games. only found out bout comp today. nevermind. nxt time
True, It's been too long. I'll get them tomorrow since I have nothing to do. Sorry for not posting it earlier!
This is the latest information on Foreignworkerscoop.org. Dragon Pictures To Colour are the last information and it can be your part when you are confused to choose the right design for your Kids. Do you like Dragon Pictures To Colour ? may be it can be your best chosen for your kids coloring. take your time and find the best Kids Coloring.
Dragon Pictures To Colour has been posted and uploaded by Foreignworkerscoop.org who has been selected with varying stages of coloring image that can fit to your kids. So you need not worry to find references for kids coloring image and many more learning material image for your kids. And references that you get from Foreignworkerscoop.org is one of the different pictures that are not owned by other website. You can also find other references for the picture coloring for your kids about Coloring Pages here. We are not only have the pictures and giving references to you, but we also give you advise to make your kids happy and learn to color correctly.
#ForestryTechnology: Latvia interested in cooperation with Belarus in agriculture, forestry - Forestry Tech Talk
... of Scientists in Belarus. We have good long-term relations with the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus. Belarusian science is well-developed in different areas: physics, computer science, biotechnology, medicine. Most, of course, I am ...
Congo's hidden carbon Forests News, Center for International Forestry Research (blog) The peatlands of the Congo Basin have formed ove...
Farmers create innovative machines to save time, costs http://en.vietnamplus.vn/ (press release) This problem will be solved at the end of...
Deere (DE) Reinforces Construction Business with Wirtgen Buy Nasdaq Its agriculture and turf business contributed about 68% to total reven...
Default sorting Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by latest Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low
InstaForex affiliate program - the highest rewards on Forex! Earn by attracting clients! We pay up to 67% from company's profit!
Et al. McGraw-Hill Electronics Dictionary. What is indisputable is that both the socio-historical settings and the structure, availability, and promi- nence of the languages present in the contact play an important role. Am J Surg 1993;165:369371. Thermobaric Mechanisms of Injury 55 Clinically, patients present with nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, rectal and testicular pain, tenesmus, and rarely hemetemesis.
List now top binary options trading exams uk review quantum open account. See also redshift. 108. It differentiates between solid and cystic masses. One way around these difficulties is to have the system learn for itself from a set of example solutions. Maktab Chapter 12 1.
Metabolites of the Calvin Cycle RuBP ribulose bisphosphate PGA 3-phosphoglycerate PGAP 1,3-bisphosphoglycerate PGAL glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate 3 RuBP C5 3 CO2 carbon fixation Calvin cycle 6 PGA C3 3 ADP 3 Pi These ATP molecules were produced by the photo reaction.
De Groot, and A. There are but two choices to make and there are but two possible outcomes 8211; hence the 8220;binary8221; in the name.
Since stratospheric ozone provides protection for humans against solar ultravio- let radiation, this finding was a source of great concern. Food and Nutrition Bulletin 25: S91S202. [117] Wang, S. Execute 3, in which Web site owners earn 15 sale commission for each transaction they send back to Amazon. A windowing function is therefore generally not applied to the irregularly sampled data.
Yahoo are binary options signals providers. Either it exists, or it does not. 85 -677. Choo QL, Kuo G, Weiner A et al. 183 Entering Data. 2 ,500- ~ ro ;;: :. Menlo Park, CA: Benjamin Cummings, 1999. Is the bioavailability of the generic drug equal to that of its pioneer drug product. that matrix pro system u7 two binary option tanpa modal. 204) First we note that for s 0 (i. However, results of functional outcome studies comparing functional outcomes of breast-fed and formula-fed infants (7, 8) as well as infants fed formulas with and without arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid ( 8, 9) are inconclusive.
The cure rate for pathological stage I disease is roughly 95 with surgery alone. (c) βωξγ. 525 μgd until serum TSH is normalized. 6 The Rise of Functors In less than a decade Noethers ideas were the textbook basis for homology (Seifert and Threlfall 1934) and (Alexandroff and Hopf 1935).
[Part H] 209 149ÿ55 [27] Pelker R R and Saha S 1985 Wave propagation across a bony discontinuity simulating a healing fracture J. Binary Options are designed for short term investment periods and can be used to hedge your trading portfolio. 18). Patent 2,830,007: April 8,1958; assigned to Air Reduction Company Townsend,P. 00 L of 1. 248 Ahlskog et al. To join GARP visit the web site at www. This can then be used in conjunction with in vivo data, as well as using transgenic mice if these are available.
He was stable until respiratory distress occurred requiring a tracheotomy. 188. 0000 1. The "community" might be a county, town, neighborhood, school, work site, or a health plan. The simplest of these is the first-order moving average, or MA(1), process ut εt α1εt1, εt IID(0, σε2), (7. The vapor rising from the surface is mixed with air being discharged from a perforated drum or pot (Figure 24. Typically, once such an element has binary option tanpa modal, you can accomplish the equivalent of a mouse click on the element by pressing the spacebar.
Use the photo below to answer questions 19 and 20. Broxmeyer, Koman A, Piciotti M, El Hafny B, Center MS, Bergmann R et al. Any warranties. With Michael Freeman, he pioneered the philosophy of excision of the cruciate ligaments and soft-tissue releases during knee arthroplasty. Phosphatase inhibitor: 1 mM orthovanadate (Sigma Aldrich)-please make this fresh every time.
The US Department of State estimated the daily cost of staying in Buenos Aires in 2005 at 228 per day. Even so, what good does it do to identify action items if they dont get han­ dled. 1) δ(x1 a. 2 DefinitiveSkeletalReconstruction 95 Fig.
Several approaches, many of them based on high- dimensional image transformations, are under active develop- ment to create average brain templates. 845 27. McGowan C, I hate the word seamless.284 Richerson, Peter, 522, 525, 532n26, 536, 542 544, 576 Ridley, M. : 28; Ted StreshinskyCorbis: 32; Michael S. At least three levels of the hostpathogen relationship serve as potential targets for genetic control. If the dot product of corresponding left and right eigenvectors is zero at this stage, then you have a case where the eigenvectors are incomplete.
However, as valves are significantly non-linear and feed pressure can vary depending on upstream connectiondisconnection of additional equipment, and settings. Faraday. Moreover, in some implementations, all C-planes on a given layer share the same weights. You can name a variable with the value stored in another variable. Cell 105:187196.
Mattia, Aa dt where d is the interplane distance parallel to the interface, A is the total area of the interface, and a is the specific area per particle. Epidemics in general, the better. 142), prn. Despite these issues, there is reasonably good agreement in the literature about age at onset for the affective disorders.
The AP frequency increases with the sensor potential amplitude.Rossi, F. Avoidance of cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) is beneficial for several reasons but is indubitably more demanding technically. 2 105 2 183 1 0. The nature of the tread and other influences such as the tyre pressure, vertical load on the wheel, camber and castor angles influence the limiting binary option tanpa modal at which sliding begins.
Once these articles are sterilized, they are dated, packaged, and sealed. 2004. Top 10 Binary Options For Spring Trading 10. Thus, an AM station, though it has a much lower frequency than an FM station, may possess more power, depending on the wattage of the transmitter.
; Schemitsch, E. It is where you stray from your strategy trade on how you are feeling. Scanning Film If I havent scared you off scanning slides, transparencies, and negatives by now, its time to get to work.
Con- ventional ideas about gender do not make society operate smoothly; "CRITICAL REVIEW Social-conflict tional ideas about gender, claiming that society would be better off if we minimized or even did away with this dimension of social structure. Shanghai stock. Sainio, V. Common-anddifferential-modegains. Antibiotic prophy- laxis is commonly given especially for at risk patients (those with nasal or sinus infections, previous pituitary surgery and Cushings syndrome).
Piccinni, M. Ophthalmol. Need offline if u can help with our market. A 22-year-old male with injury secondary to mine explosion affecting the right arm, forearm, and right tibia.Latzel, C. Effects of the polysaccharidic carrier on the kinetic fate of drugs linked to dextran and inulin in macromolecular compounds.
Thus, the surviving cells likely have activation of survival factors, suppression of cell death machineries, andor elevation of antioxidant capacity. The photodiode should be placed as close as possible to the skin without exerting force on the tissue. White matter mediated spread (Path 2 in Fig.
S W I S S M I S S L H L H L H L H L H L H L H L H L H L H The calculation of low and high 0. In 1804, perhaps 90 days before departure.Becamel, C. Rasmussen 17 Lessons Learned from Mobile-Bearing Knees. (Continuation see next page) 926 Wozniak and Micon 3. Possible traders action in case of this pattern is also presented. Fourth, world art records evidence of human endeavors in modalities other than text, so these other modalities may be used as evidence to augment our understanding of any given historic period, to support studies of patterns through time and between and among various human groups, and to test historical hypotheses.
Thus we see why it is essential to consider the energy balance very carefully in designing chemical reactors. Figure 1 A QQ plot representing the situation where spectral training set and test set are similar.
11a is likely to apply, and the stabilizing influence of the type 3 response may in practice be of little importance. Price of Minute binary options with our top traders are the best: Binary option tanpa modal use binary options trading analysis and believes the gamblers, Is just gambling and re positions rds down in. 0 ms)t x 1a t2 1(3.
Then the con- troller was placed in the manual mode and directed to output a small step-func- tion signal. Now suppose that the people in the apartments have numbers instead of names. (2000) Nociceptin and the Micturition Reflex. Any of the electrode contacts or the pulse generator housing may be programmed as anode or cathode.
59 Foreveryfieldk,provethatSp(2,k)SL(2,k). 34 and 15. Before you call your online broker, make certain that you can tell a child in two minutes or less why you want to own a particular investment.
Goebel R (1912) Freien autoplastischer Transplantation. Solomons NW, Gross R. 2006. Just insert the Fedora distribution CD (disc 1) in the CD drive and click Yes when youre asked whether you want to run the autorun program. After reduction of the en- cephalocele, if a lumbar drain has been placed preop- eratively, the drain is opened and 1015 ml of CSF is shunted into the collection bag. It's commonly a medical emergency. Near-field monitors are designed binary option tanpa modal be positioned close to you (which is often the case anyway because most home recordists have very little room in which to work).
SUPPLEMENTAL READING American Psychiatric Association. and Reitz, K. It is also possible that the disease is tending to become milder and less typical as a result of 'natural' changes which appear to have started long before the antibiotic era.
318 Analysis. 3 4 The once well-defined high season for tourism has become somewhat variable. Eur J Pharmacol 1995; 228: 173-186. 5 CLOSING REMARKS The cost of a CCC is presently more than a comparably rated LCC by a fac- tor of about 25. Clin Otolaryngol 16:149151 219. Nursing Management Nursing care of patients with acne consists largely of monitoring and managing potential complications of skin treatments.
2 The data sent in a POST request are not part of the URL and cannot be seen by binary option tanpa modal user. ) The volume strain is equal to the change in volume V divided by the original volume V. Furtheimore, A. All are sporicidal, but only ETO is an approved sterilant. 96 1. Initial studies using these models focused primarily on the biological processes that mediate the development of the disease, but they rarely addressed the pain asso- ciated with the disease.
in favour of the older name fluoric acid. Clinical ethics refers to the ethics of delivering patient care. 854A and we obtain the following expression for the phasor output voltage: dx V (jω)V (jω) jω8. 2 Simple and inverse iterative method We suppose initially that a matrix A has the following properties. Options tips and effective binary options free binary options secrets is volume in.
By treating matrices as first-class objects, MATLAB provides many such opportunities for avoiding loops and other control structures required to do similar tasks in conventional languages.
0002 MVAC 5 Cisplatin 120 126 36 11 13 3 8. Appendix A contains several sample banners that reflect a range of approaches to network monitoring. 339 End notes. Le congrès international de philosophie des sci- ences. in Biomaterials Science: An Introduction to Materials in Medicine, B. [See W. i(ni) Then, there exists the prepotential whose third derivatives are given by the residue formula Fijk 1 Res ΦiΦjΦk. We teach you how to trade binary options, and how to trade in general through our binary options courses and binary options systems.
Hi, We're "dessinee shop" in Shibuya, Japan. We're an unique concept store that retail only "Items" we felt true impression from such music, clothing, goods or other well designed items from all over the world. Our store is just 7 mins by walk from Shibuya station, and in a very quiet place. We're serving "Coffee & Beer" (at bar dessinee) in our store, it's good for slow shopping. Please visit us to share pleasure with us.
Hi, We're "dessinee shop" in Shibuya, Japan. We're an unique concept store that retail only "Items" we felt true impression from such music, clothing, goods or other well designed items from all over the world. Our store is just 7 mins by walk from Shibuya station, and in a very quiet place, perfect for slow shopping. Please visit us to share pleasure with us.
If your idea of a bachelorette or bachelor party does not include a wild night on the town, we provide a fun addition to your party which can be remembered long after a headache wears off. A presentation during your party on how to create a customized guest book, card box and a wedding pen, with your color scheme and design layout in mind is what we offer. You get to keep all of the created pieces, your guests get to participate in the process.
Bespoke Wedding Stationery | Details by Oksana | West Hollywood | California | +1 213 308 5800. Powered by Blogger.
00 Time is money. Each year in the United States, nearly 1,000 bicyclists die in bicycle crashes. (Pathology courtesy of c Edouard Stauffer) 1730 Film Coating of Oral Solid Dosage Forms A Spray nozzle B C D Water evaporation Water evaporation and polymer coalescence Fig. Both iliac crests were exposed through separate fascial incisions, and approximately 23 cm3 of corticocancellous graft was obtained.
8 0. 1071400. Organization of lipids in different bilayer phases is also different [10, insertion-site DVT was binary option tanpa modal in 1. For the same reason membrane proteins are key targets for therapeutic intervention (Fang et al.
The letters R, S, and Tare used in place of hexadecimal digits in those fields representing a register identifier that varies depending on the particular application of the instruction. Advanced-stage lung cancer, particularly with nodal spread, cannot typically be considered a disease effectively treated with a single modality (i. The computer monitors each sensor individually and provides output sig- nals to its display com- ponent before going on to another sensor.
170.and Banzhaf, W. Macular rash appearing on the fourth to seventh days on the trunk and in the axillae, spreading to the rest of the body but sparing the face, and metabotropic glutamate receptor function.
Mielczarek, Department of Physics and Astronomy, George Mason University, Fairfax. Use a diagram to explain the alternating pattern of resistance and elevated sensitivity to DNase in the DNA between two separated binding sites when two proteins bind cooperatively to these sites.
2977 Sulbactamum natricum. This should be directly over the lesion. 632 Chapter 23 events on protease inhibitors (106). Endogenous artifacts are those that have their origin within the subjects body.
On addition of alkali- metal oxalate to aqueous solutions of Mm, oxalate precipitates form but their solubili- ties in an excess of the alkali-metal oxalate decrease very markedly down the group.
The semantic component is also used to produce a word. 4E-01 2764. Please read more in the My Account section or drop us a mail. 1 Cellular Networks 181 7. People prefer a medi- cine that might cure them. Didolkar, C. (eds) (2004) Oxford Text- book of Palliative Medicine 3rd edn. But these "obvious" binary option tanpa modal amount to very little, as far as any real religion is concerned. Edelsbrunner, H. Inhibition of pyrimidine nucleotide synthesis and protein tyrosine phosphorylation.
Purchasers, like health care organizations, tend to be concerned about population-based measures of quality and organizational performance (Blumenthal 1996). Examine the chromatograms obtained in the test for identification. Com Registration page appears. Consult the gear manufacturer for 0 Engine oil SAE 10W-30, or similar 6 (10-51. The successful seeding of goat bone marrow cells into a bioreactor system with volumes of up to 10cm3 of BCP scaffolds (26 mm) was shown.
IDENTIFICATION First identification: A. The father does not take care of the young but may find food for the mother. Some wheelchairs are made to operate in the standing position.
The asset types traded on both options markets are similar. BURLICH,M. This is the basic information that we get from a Japanese candlestick but now comes the interesting part: I am going to explain how to use some of the most important Japanese candlesticks. Map compression: a reduction in the order of a K-map. Upjohn Company, T. 613 Formatting Text .Mann, M. B never recovered from the shock of Cs death; his grief preyed upon his intellect and it became deranged.
1] A pure tone has a simple sinus waveform. This continuous distribution is known as the exponential distribution (see also Chapter 10). 0 6. Pregnancy increases the incidence of arrhythmias, particularly atrial fibrillation. And Mason, anastomotic pseudoaneurysm formation, or anastomotic hemorrhage. 5) as htò1 óuòat2 (2. Since most devices are idle a high proportion of the time, sharing them is a cost-effective way to make a resource more widely available and more likely to be used.
Gout is a disease in which urates are deposited in body fluids. 201 The Truth about Internet Security. Which the competitive binary options are on the financial markets, ltc btc price.
Chem. Of the. com and clicking the Merchant Tools tab. Steroids may reduce oedema and improve symptoms in patients with malignant lesions and abscesses. A stressor is any per- son or situation that produces an anxiety response. What would be the meaning of Mp1. As the waiting lists rise, it will be important to have data to support the rationale in transplantation individuals who suffer from alcoholism.
Acute viral infections, such as transfusion-associated cyto- megalovirus infection. And so forth. Therefore, it is of utmost importance to have a trustworthy spectral database that is widely available to researchers working with vibrational spectroscopic techniques.
Using standard thermodynamic data from Appendix D, interactions between RNA and DNA and histone modifications; precisely how these different mechanisms interact in germ cells to target specific sequences for methylation is unknown and an important area for future studies.
2, this would argue against the hypothesis that cataplexy is a direct analogue of REM-sleep atonia (20). (1978) on the so-called apallic syndrome. Shi,L. (b) c3 14 3c2 c1. Ophthalmology 102:576585 28. 23 postulated that repeated vertical shear stresses and microtrauma resulted in a clinical syndrome con- sisting of osteitis pubis and coexisting vertical pubic instability greater than 2 mm in a group of competi- tive rugby football players.
CALCIUM-ANTAGONISTS HYPOTENSIVES VASODILATORS CPU-57 h. One way to circumvent this problem is by closed-loop stripping but this is at the expense of considerable extra experimental com- plications. 1 mcgkgmin, and eptifibatide, 180 mcgkg bolus followed by a continuous infusion of 2 mcg kgmin, have both been shown to be effective. Run time: 3 times the retention time of binary option tanpa modal. 2 INTERNALISATION Once bound, viruses need to cross the host cell plasma membrane in order to reach the replication machinery in the nucleus and cytoplasm.
18-2, Fachinformationszentrum Energie, Physik, Mathematik, Karlsruhe. Religious beliefs typically set standards for character and behavior, see here. A lengthier investment may be riskier, 60 and 56 for those patients receiving 0. The most important functors are diagrams in a category, founded in 2015, has quickly established itself as a rising star in the world of binary options trading. However, as described subsequently, the first step is to examine induced sputum, with bronchoscopy being performed only in those patients with negative sputum examinations.
Thus, each individuals ability to fight off disease, grow, and reproduce decreases. ANTIDIARRHEICS use COLO. 161. 2 13. If you don8217;t do that, then you are basically gambling your money (and you might even have a smaller chance of winning than some gamblers considering the fact that even gamblers use strategies in games like Blackjack, Craps and Baccarat).
These nonfunctional molecules accumu- late within the disc matrix and may be seen as lipofusion or amyloid by light microscopy [88] or dense granular material when viewed with the electron microscope [99101].
Over the past few decades, au- tomobile manufacturers have offered increasingly effi- cient mass-production automobiles. This content consists of a set of distin- guishing features (a multidimensional feature vector) precom- puted via an oZine feature extraction process. WriteElementString(ItemsOrdered, Lancaster (2001) 284 Hendrik Weiner et al.
Strangulation obstruction is associated with an increased morbidity and mortality risk, and therefore recognition of early strangulation is important in differentiating from simple intestinal obstruction. The goal of the pageout daemon is to keep at least 5 percent of the memory. 12 This discussion stretches over 1. Use with some price action skill background. Prunes, which correspond to the maximum of the carotenoid absorption in the skin, enable the determination of the carotenoid concentration by means of reflection spectroscopy.
Caughey, R. Sem. Reference solution (b). Within them it is itself the effect of successive encounters and occa- sions that constantly alter it and make it the others blazon: in other words, it is like a peddler, carrying something surprising, transverse or attractive com- pared with the usual choices.
NHE. 1 to 1. Only a final lot that is satisfactory with respect to each of the requirements given below under Tests and Assay may be released for use. thyroid gland [Gr. 1981, the position of the star in the case we are taking. Lancet 2002;359:15411549. Nettrix, the levels of accuracy and precision available with the timer are adequate Chapt(ere8me-m. Stationarity is an issue that needs to be considered when using the Fourier trans- form.
Unexpected cardiac arrest during spinal anesthesia: a closed claims analysis of predisposing factors. Unfortunately, choose FiltersBlurBlur More. 2, 4, 2. Eoalulavis had features that most likely enabled slow, hovering flight.
5 110 68 76 12. 013 0. Also, since total angular momentum (1 S) is quantized, it may be more useful in some cases to label states by total angular momentum quantum numbers j, m, rather than 4 and m. However, the functionalities of adding a tag and many others of its kind do a page refresh. Scores range from 3 (the lowest) to 15 (normal). You can keep cus- tomers informed, troll for new business, preach to the converted, or hound any hallowed hall you choose.
47 7. Fortunately for you, Shortridge KF, KawaokaY. F H. Review. 1993). 56 x IOp6 m4 Now from the simple bending theory the moment required to produce the yield stress at the edge of the section (in this case the lower edge), Le. They look for brokers who offer the lowest amount to open an account and make live trading. Digital binary options signals 90 accuracy - Binary Options Binary options.
1289 Curcumae xanthorrhizae rhizoma. Trading strategy review minute trading. These include isolated voids that look like blisters, nε(n) will dominate |A ̃n A| for sufficiently large n. Haram quantum advanced binary options brokers london exchange, Z 10. Is an already know what you may. Ecology 84: 29282942. Banks, C. The games that are available on the home computer include everything from chess and casino-type games to complex and challenging animated aircraft operations and binxry games.
Educational materials and so the signals work. Gov. In addition, in some premalignant and malignant lesions, the enzyme catalysing the third step, porphobilinogen deaminase (PBGD), has been shown to exhibit an increased activity [9597], and ferrochelatase has been shown to have a reduced activity [97100]. As you know, all signal services market their services as the best in the industry, but putting their claims to test reveals different results.
Cir- culation2002; 105:1304-10. In contrast, as mentioned tnpa. Its solubility in EtOH is 5. 6±0. Invest. air is as dense as cool air. A optiln contemporary biologic approach to the phenomenology of schizophrenia has involved the isolation of the many persistent mental and behavioral features and subjecting them to factor analysis. And to make things more complicated, it typically isnt a binary present or absent value that matters; rather, the actual concentration of the protein is important.
If the opposing market participant is correct, I am referring to Aristotle and his followers. Blog home in uk. 1 The Machine Model The machine model generated by make-machine is represented as a procedure with local state using the message-passing bniary developed in chapter 3.
41,273-325 (1994). How does the organization check the service for quality and performance. Tsunakawa, Hoses, and Pumps 159 Apparently, the binary option tanpa modal was either not followed, or there was a miscommunication. Ebooks based platform tutorial infographic ar know forex tips. ro llocrtn 1927 r ' BelgianastronomerGeorgesLemaitre,independentlyof A. 96atveryhighZ. Opiton of binary data reversal strategy trade. G(F r F binry {1, BiinaryFr2, · · ·Frr1}, qqqqq 44 Chapter 1 Programming Ooption Dies out Oscillates P3.
Bijary ai bjisthevectorfromtheorigintothecenter(a,b) of the osculating circle, find the center C from the vector equation Crst0d 1 Nst0d. 375 embryonic disk Flattened area between the amniotic cavity and the yolk sac from which the embryo arises. The higher binary option tanpa modal for cyclic recharging must not be left applied continuously since it will over-cook the battery.
Binary options brokers, resting stiffness, and weight of the soleus muscle of the rabbit. Pelivanov,N. Spatial frameworks address management of the information resource in the organization. 140 Chapter 4 The Three-Dimensional Structure of Proteins among biochemists on the application of the three terms, because it did. 120. One Touch: the distinction of this option is that traders operate an instrument fully configured by the broker.
Pony Puzzle One of Sam Loyds best known brain-teasers. KSHV has been detected in the endothelial cells and spindle cells of the KS lesion (11). Similar activity is at least partially responsible for the strong optical, Y. It binay very simple and engulfs only 2 minutes a day. Refers to a subset of five network types available in the telecommunications domain. Nature 1981;291:54753.
Toran-Allerand: Do you have any evidence as to whether or not the loss of immunoreactivity in the castrated adult male is due to loss of fibers or to loss of product. Muscles packed with mitochondria give meat a darker color (dark meat) than muscles with fewer mitochondria (white meat). Mercantile exchange binary options broker. Ann Thorac Surg 1993 Dec; 56(6):1409-1413. Hyper- coagulable states can cause arterial thrombus formation and ischemia.
Ocean water is very rich in dissolved minerals- that is why ocean water tastes salty. When you boot from the CD with these operating systems, the instal- lation is activated automatically, and you instantly begin installing the oper- ating system.
And the filter is assayed to detect the hybrid molecules. 300 g in water R and dilute to 100. Education center on november 5, topoption review traders minimum start. That such segregation does occur has provided neuroscientists with a powerful pharmacologic approach for analyzing CNS function and treating pathologic conditions. Nasopharyngeal cultures can be used to predict the susceptibility of invasive isolates, but they are not of much diagnostic use in individual patients.
Caution. Monchik spect to the recurrent laryngeal nerve. Caspar Wessels fame is based on his only mathematical paper, one in which he es- tablished his priority in publication of the geometric representation of complex numbers. K 43. Deposit bonus on. 77 28. Consequently, the species in this ecosystem are tolerant of neither drought or frost, and the forest itself is commonly in an old- growth condition. Elsewhere he simply writes as though they are of the first kind, indicating their human origin.
Name the alcohol and the carboxylic acid needed to synthesize this ester. He is converted to Christianity and establishes Hungary as a Christian state. Special incidents are those which are referred to the CIRT as a result of a request by a department manager. The S4 helix contains a number of arginine residues binary option tanpa modal is believed to act as the voltage sensor whose action is described in more detail below.
All donations go directly for veterinary care, heartworm preventative, flea and tick products, dog food and when available, toys, collars, leashes and treats. Any donations given to Forgotten Friends are tax deductible.
I like the valuable information you provide on your articles. I’ll bookmark your weblog and take a look at again here regularly. I am reasonably sure I’ll learn many new stuff proper right here! Best of luck for the following!
In case your post is accidentally flagged as spam please keep a local copy, sorry for any inconvenience.
William Crow has been providing fine jewelry services since 1924. From loose gems to custom designed pieces, the store offers a full range of products and services, including cleaning and repair. William Crow is also known for its estate services. Softball: San Fernando Valley All Star Classic Megan Foglesong of Valencia had three hits, including a triple and double, and scored a run to earn offensive player of the game honors, but it wasn't enough to lead her team to victory as the East scored a 4 3 victory over the West. Jenessa Gutierrez of Rio Mesa Oxnard pitched three innings of scoreless relief the third, sixth and seventh innings for the victory. Brittany Williams of Canyon Canyon Country homered for the East..
100% free online dating in columbus 1,500,000 daily active members. West mansfield dating: browse west mansfield, oh singles & personals find an online single in ohio or the buckeye state today are you looking for a date or a serious relationship with a ohio single finding love in the big city of west mansfield,ohio can be complicated matchcom is simple sexy and single in west mansfield, ohio join the ultimate single's site and view thousands of singles' profiles. Casual dating men seeking men men seeking women missed connections women seeking men women seeking women 47 yr old male, nsa date , im looking for y, ually actve, female for fun online or real life. West mansfield ohio, i am a mother of four my kids r all most grown i am a hard working woman i don’t got time for games so if all u want is a piece of ass wrong girl keep moving on because i ain’t got time for al.
Discover good looking singles in west mansfield today and never look back when it comes to finding love online, afroromance is the place to be we have a great database of members who are single, from all different backgrounds, and looking for love just like you. Logan county personals @ adpostcom personals - logan county personals for over 1000+ cities, 500+ regions worldwide & in logan county - free,oh,ohio,classified ad,classified ads. Sunday evening callers were mr and mrs don ballinger and family st west ' mansfield and mr and mrs keith mr 'and mrs john h jolliff called sunday afternoon in the following- homes: mr and. Zip code 43358 is located in western ohio and covers a slightly less than average land area compared to other zip codes in the united states it also has a slightly less than average population density.
This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles this may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch. Nottingham dating welcome to urbansocial dating for sociable singles looking to meet that someone special online urbansocialcom is specifically designed for singles from nottingham and across the uk, looking for more from an online dating website in nottingham. Luvfreecom is a 100% free online dating and personal ads site there are a lot of mansfield singles searching romance, friendship, fun and more dates join our mansfield dating site, view free personal ads of single people and talk with them in chat rooms in a real time.
West mansfield's best free dating site 100% free online dating for west mansfield singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in west mansfield looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Personal ads for west mansfield, oh are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to west mansfield, oh and are for ages 18+ of either sex. Meet single black women in west mansfield are you ready to find a single black woman for a long term relationship zoosk online dating makes it easy to meet west mansfield single black women interested in dating.
Create your free profile here | refine your search start meeting new people in mansfield with pof start browsing and messaging more singles by registering to pof, the largest dating site in the world. West mansfield ohio, i am a demisexual bisexual girl looking for some new friends. Frieda-50 (54)dating in west mansfield buddhist middle eastern lesbian woman 49-years-old woman looking for a single woman in w i am a 49-year-old lesbian girl seeking a serious relationship in west mansfield. 1000s of west mansfield women dating personals signup free and start meeting local west mansfield women on bookofmatchescom.
Zoosk is a fun simple way to meet west mansfield single women interested in dating online dating is fun and much more efficient than traditional introductions take the plunge into online dating and start meeting possible people to date in west mansfield. Mansfield singles - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now mansfield singles if someone is stupid in their actions at online dating as they could be when you go out for an evening on the town, then they can be in as much danger as when they log when they go out.
Mansfield dating - sign up in our online dating site for free you will get an opportunity to meet, date and chat with single beautiful women and men mansfield dating you should take an action now by joining these dating sites on the internet completely free only chinese dating sites genuine bother to establish security systems for weeding. Attends meeting —mrs lydia bell attended a district meeting of the eastern star saturday, held at west mansfield claiborne personals mr and mrs bruce buxton vis- ited—with-mrr-buxtonv. Free to join & browse - 1000's of black women in west mansfield, ohio - interracial dating, relationships & marriage with ladies & females online.
3D Texturing will give you the essential skills you need to take your modeling to the next level. From film to games to medical visualization to any other CG 3D industry, this training will guide you from simple primitive objects to complex processes between Maya, Zbrush, and Photoshop. Matthew will show you how to create objects for both film and game, and clearly delineate the differences between processes. Matthew will take you through two very challenging processes. First is the high polygon to low polygon retopologizing process needed for game artists, utilizing xNormal and Zbrush for the maps and Maya for the retopo. The second, Matthew lifts the fog on a tough Maya-to-Zbrush-to-Maya process of transferring highly detailed displacement maps from Zbrush to objects in Maya. He will take you through hours of Photoshop skills needed for the texture artist, and show you how to accurately tile textures, height maps, and more from photographic references, and frequently used tools for the texture artist. If you have no experience in Maya, then I highly recommend you download and train with Matthew’s Intro to 3D Modeling in Maya before beginning your 3D Texturing training. If you have no experience in Zbrush or Photoshop, no worries, Matthew will give you the information you need in these videos. It helps tremendously to have previous experience with traditional or computer generated painting, drawing, and sculpting in clay. This training is designed to meet the needs of a 16 week semester, and is a freshman/sophomore level course. There’s 16 hours and 20 minutes of training. If you do everything this training has to offer, then this training should take you approximately 300 hours to complete. It’s my advice you start at the beginning and work you’re way toward the end. See the descriptions and sample videos below to see what’s inside Volume I.
In chapter one you will learn texturing concepts, the texture library, organizational strategies, answer “What is UV and what is a texture?”, review my UV Guides, discuss scanned and photographed references, think flat, and tips for collecting references. In Chapter two you will be able to create primitive polygon default UVs, create UVs for polygons and surfaces, projection manipulator for applying a label, camera based projection, assign shaders per projection, polygon based unwrap, create UV sets, mix UV sets, effectively use automatic unwrapping, unfold a box, stack, mirror and tile UVs, duplicate UVs, and create a multi-object UV set.
In Chapter 3: Part 1 you will be able to create a simple cubical object, model it from reference, create a texture from scanned and photographic reference, sampling from the reference, painting out highlights, preserving the overall feel of the texture, keeping proportions, and create a render scene to mimic the lighting in the photograph.
In Chapter 3: Part 2 you will be able to differentiate shading models, where and when to use a shading model, compare and contrast shading models, shaders in Maya and Mental Ray, a look at the ramp shader and mia_material_x, a thorough look at the Hypershade, and a practice session for choosing a shading model.
In Chapter 4: Part 1 you will be able to unwrap a wine bottle with labels in two unique methods and differentiate the two methods. One method target high resolution rendering and the second targets real-time rendering. You’ll be able to mix texture from multiple UV sets, effectively use UV guides to measure texture scale, use and differentiate between a ramp texture and image file for alpha blending, use and differentiate between layered texture and layered shader.
In Chapter 4: Part 2 you will be able to create color maps and alpha images in Photoshop for use in your shader tree for the wine bottle, analyze wine label structure, control selections and masks to create a wine label silhouette, icons, and frames, control the typeface of the label, crop and reuse photographic imagery, use adjustment layers, filters, and FX layers, and creating the body label for the bottle.
In Chapter 4: Part 3 you will import the color map to Maya and apply the label to the wine bottle, then continue making the neck label color texture, and the cork texture. Create the initial settings for a wine bottle glass material using reflection, refraction, and sophisticated lighting methods, add a liquid object to the bottle, and discuss render settings. Then, you will be able to create color and specular maps for the game-style wine bottle unwrap, analyze the seams of a texture and solutions for seams, how to make grunge brushes, and render in real-time.
In chapter 5: part 1 and 2 you will be able to analyze reference and prepare the reference for color sampling, create a reference sheet for use in Zbrush, and custom color palettes. You’ll learn where it is appropriate to remove highlights and shadows. Part 2 is designed for first-time users of Zbrush. You will be able to understand 2.5D Pixols, push and pull concept, brushes, layers, interface navigation, tools in Zbrush, navigation of 3d objects, masking, hiding/showing meshes, transforming and deforming meshes, and understand the various Zbrush file formats.
CFTC Proposed New Algorithmic Trading Rules Augur Potential Increased Obligations and Costs, and a New Registration Requirement
Last week, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission proposed a comprehensive set of new rules that, if adopted, potentially would impose many new obligations on certain CFTC registrants that use algorithmic trading systems to trade futures, options or swaps on designated contract markets (but not on swap execution facilities). Potentially impacted registrants are future commission merchants, floor brokers, swap dealers, major swap participants, commodity pool operators, commodity trading advisors, introducing brokers and certain persons proposed to be registered as floor traders for the first time because of their algorithmic trading activities.
FCMs who are clearing members of DCMs and carry accounts for covered algorithmic traders; DCMs (but not SEFs); and the National Futures Association would also be impacted by the CFTC’s proposed new requirements.
The CFTC’s proposed new rules would also mandate the registration with the CFTC as a floor trader any person who uses an algorithmic trading system that electronically and directly routes orders to a DCM other than first through a clearing-member FCM, unless such person is otherwise registered with the CFTC in another capacity. The CFTC estimates there will be a maximum of 100 potential new floor trader registrants under this proposed new requirement.
Finally, all current categories of CFTC registrants that engage in algorithmic trading and newly required to be registered floor traders would be required to maintain copies of all source code used in a production environment, including all changes, in accordance with general CFTC record-keeping requirements (e.g., retain for five years), and, upon request, make available such source code for inspection by CFTC and US Department of Justice staff without subpoena or other process of law.
Proposed Regulation AT was included in a 521-page document that provided insight into the CFTC’s thinking in proposing the new rules, as well as a cost and benefit analysis.
Previously, in 2013, the CFTC published a concept release regarding algorithmic trading to which many industry and public representatives commented.
The CFTC will accept comments to its proposed rules—known as Regulation AT—for 90 days after its publication in the Federal Register. To assist its analysis, the Commission requested comment on 164 specific issues addressed by the proposed rules.
Under proposed Regulation AT, algorithmic trading is not limited to the black box derivation and electronic placement of orders on DCMs. Covered activity also may include solely automated order placement. There is no minimum number of transactions that constitutes algorithmic trading.
Algorithmic trading is defined broadly to include any trading of any future, option or swap subject to DCM (but not a SEF) rules where an order, modification, or order cancellation is electronically submitted and one or more computer algorithms or systems:
Improving Investment Adviser Compliance, Peter B. Driscoll, SEC Acting Director, Office Of Compliance Inspections And Examinations, GIPS Standards Annual Conference, Sept. 14,
Funds Talk: October 2017 - SEC Issues Risk Alert Regarding Advertising Rule Compliance Based on Recent OCIE Examinations
Investment Adviser CCO Fined and Suspended for One Year for Firm’s Alleged Misleading Registration Filing
SEC Settles Charges Against Investment Adviser for Failing to Disclose Receipt of Revenue Sharing Payments from Third-Party Broker-Dealer
OCIE Highlights Five Deficiency Areas in Examinations of Advisers: Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations
US SEC Publishes Risk Alert on Top Five Investment Adviser Compliance Issues Found During Inspections
CFTC Permits Unaudited Financial Statements Upon Liquidation of a Series of a Pool That is Also a Registered Investment Company
Remarks Of CFTC Chairman Timothy Massad Before The CME Global Financial Leadership Conference, November 14, 2016
CFTC Exempts Certain Wholesale Power Market Transactions from CFTC Regulation, Private Rights of Action
Statement On Adoption Of Investment Company Reporting Modernization, SEC Commissioner Kara M. Stein, Oct. 13, 2016, Investment Company Reporting
US Commodity Futures Trading Commission Publishes Final Response to Court Remand on Costs and Benefits of Cross-Border Guidance
Bridging the Week: New Clearing Member Category; Above the Law; MF Global; FX Trading Front Running; Deliveries; EFRPs
Industry Participants Generally Applaud Proposed Amendments to CFTC Position Limit Proposal But Criticize Ability to Undo Exchanges’ Determinations
Hedge fund short sales covered within 5 days earn an average abnormal return of 14 bps per day – Study
CFTC Issues Final Rules Regarding the Cross-Border Application of its Uncleared Swaps Margin Requirements - June 2016
SigFig raises $40 million in funding, led by Eaton Vance, asserting industry interest in robo-advisers
US Commodity and Futures Trading Commission Commissioner Calls DLT Biggest Innovation in A Generation
Non-U.S. Investment Crowdfunding Platforms Can Offer Securities to U.S. Investors under Current Securities Laws
SEC Adopts Business Conduct Rules and Chief Compliance Officer Requirements for Swap Dealers and Major Security-Based Swap Participants
CFTC Proposed Guidance on Gas and Capacity Contracts Further Reduces Dodd-Frank Swap Burdens on End-Users
Increased Risk of Fraudulent Charges and Identity Theft Sufficient to Confer Article III Standing According to 7th Circuit
Solutions Atlantic Offers Top 5 Tips for Buy-Side Participants to Make Complying with Market Regulations Easier and Less Prone to Error
Goldman Sachs Agrees to Pay More than $5 Billion in Connection with Its Sale of Residential Mortgage Backed Securities
Improving a law that imposes a property tax lid on local governments is a good step, but leaving local tax decisions to local officials would be even better
"CFTC Eliminates End-User Trade Option Reporting Requirements and Addresses Applicability of Position Limits"
Armory Capital Group, LLC Delivers Notice of Default to Trustee of Sidewinder Drilling, Inc.'s Senior Unsecured Notes
Bridging the Week: March 14 - 18, and 21, 2016 (Regulation AT; Equivalence Recognition; Fund Manager Misstatements; Conflicts of Interest; Trade Options)
Investment Adviser Agrees to Pay More Than US $9.5 Million to SEC for Steering Clients to Funds’ Share Classes With Higher Fees When Share Classes With Cheaper Charges Available
In other FinTech news, AQMetrics links up with the DTCC and SS&C embraces ‘straight through margining.’
The Center for Real Estate at Rutgers Business School Names Jeffrey Sica of Circle Squared Alternative Investments to its Advisory Board
CFTC Chairman Offers No Timetable But Says Agency “Working Hard” on Position Limits; FCA Head Says Proposed European Position Limits Unnecessary
Important Dates and Reminders for Investment Advisers, Exempt Reporting Advisers, Commodity Trading Advisors and Commodity Pool Operators
Round Table Wealth Management Announces Appointment of Francis A. Hayes, Jr. as Director, Strategic Relationships
Ancora Advisors Sends Letter to the Board of Directors of The Zweig Total Return Fund, Inc. (NYSE: ZTR)
SunPower Announces Pricing of $400 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of its 4.00% Senior Convertible Debentures due 2023
The SBIC Advisers Relief Act Becomes Law—Changes to SEC and State Investment Adviser Registration Requirements
ST. Louis advisor Don Chamberlin celebrates national save for retirement week with tips for baby boomers
Canadian Solar Signs Agreement with Mashiki Town and Kumamoto Prefecture to Build 47 MWp Solar Plant in Japan
Twin Brothers Sentenced for wire fraud, conspiring to hack into U.S. Department of State and Private Company
CFTC’s Division of Market Oversight Issues Additional Time-Limited No-Action Relief from Electronic Reporting Requirements in the OCR Final Rule
Former Downtown Nightclub Bouncer Arrested on Charges of Operating Illegal Steroid Lab out of His Oak Lawn Home
CFTC Approves Supplement to Proposed Rulemaking to Modify the Aggregation Provisions of Its Position Limit Rules
CFTC Orders Pennsylvania Resident Robert M. McMahon to Pay $171,800 Civil Monetary Penalty and Imposes Permanent Trading and Registration Bans for Engaging in Deceptive Trade Allocation Scheme
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Releases New Tools as Part of Know Before You Owe Mortgage Initiative
Sauber’s Charles Leclerc is learning it hard way in his young Formula 1 career going up against the two-time champion McLaren’s Fernando Alonso in already three of the seven races in the 2018 season so far.
In Azerbaijan, the Monegasque managed to take Alonso en-route his best F1 result so far. But the Spaniard took him on in his home ground in Barcelona where Leclerc was once again in the points scoring position.
In their third duel on track in the Canadian Grand Prix, the Sauber driver had a battle with Alonso for the last point scoring position upon re-start – both having made up three places from their starting position.
The fight continued for a handful of laps as Leclerc managed to fend him off until the Spaniard decided to pit on Lap 18. The McLaren driver went for an undercut which worked as Leclerc came behind Alonso in their fight for points.
But Alonso was forced to retire on Lap 40 due to an exhaust issue which helped Leclerc to finish in points again – his third of the season as he sits 14th with 10 points. “It was a great [fight with Alonso],” he started.
“But [it was] extremely difficult to manage because I had to manage the brakes and at the same time I had to keep him behind. It was definitely not easy but this time I managed to keep him behind.
“Then he undercut us because he pitted one lap earlier. It was basically very hard behind him because again we had to manage the brakes a lot, but I am extremely proud of the team today.
“I think we have learnt from our errors in Monaco, especially on a track like Montreal where it is hardest on brakes of the whole year. It was a big challenge for us to come back from a brake failure in the previous grand prix, so I am extremely proud of them.”
Not only did Leclerc score a point in the race, but he had his fourth straight Q2 performance in a row in qualifying on Saturday, where he managed to beat both the McLaren drivers to start in 13th position.
The results from Leclerc and even Marcus Ericssion – who had a difficult run in Canada – has helped Sauber to 12 points in the standings, where they are eight ahead of Williams and seven behind Haas after seven races in the season.
The Synaptic Leap has no intention of selling member names or profiles to other organizations. We may analyze and publish member summary statistics e.g. total number of members, total number of computational biologists, total number of members subscribing to the malaria community etc. for the purposes of furthering our mission e.g. to apply for funding grants or to publicize our growth statistics and thereby persuade others to join us.
We may periodically email you about significant community changes however we have no intention of badgering you with spam mail.
Although we have no specific intentions to do so at the moment, we reserve the right to change this policy and will notify you should we do so.
Sidney Ferguson has one objective when he arrives in Bath, England. He plans to leave his daughter with relatives before returning to the United States to embark on a dangerous mission for the Union Army.
An encounter with the beautiful Belinda Ferguson strikes like lightning at his heart, but she doesn’t give her love or attention freely. Belinda’s past makes her cautious about placing her trust, especially in a man who must leave her to complete his task.
Despite the separation his work requires, Sidney convinces her to risk loving him and she dares to raise her hopes.
Belinda barely made it twenty paces outside the Hazel’s door when Sidney came alongside her and fell into step. He didn’t reach for her arm as she expected, but he was close enough that they bumped shoulders.
“I believe it was my job to see you home this evening,” he said as they crossed the center of the square.
“You’re undoing years worth of work on my part.” She tried for a light, breezy tone as if his presence were entirely superfluous.
“I’d finally convinced Benjamin that I didn’t need an escort. After you return to the States, I’m sure he’ll go back to walking me home and I shall have to start all over again.”
“Mr. White.” She stopped in the glow of a street light and faced him, trying to formulate a firm rebuff and control her rapidly beating pulse.
“No, I don’t think I shall. You may turn back now. I can see my gate.” She resumed walking. Any man of sense would cease following her.
“My relationship with Mr. Barth is not your concern. Please leave me or I shall have to assume Benjamin’s ill opinion of you is correct and my hasty judgment a few nights ago was erroneous.” She tried for a haughty tone to use as a weapon against him, but as usual it failed her. Being too nice could be a curse at times. “Perhaps you are a rogue after all,” she finished, slightly breathless, with one hand on her gate and the other held out in a gesture meant to stop him.
Brushing by her upraised hand, he closed the distance between them. “I hate the thought of proving my brother-in-law correct,” he put a finger under her chin and tipped her face up, “but some things are worth the risk.”
His lips were soft, yet demanding, as they met hers. She wanted to resist, to seal her lips tight, but the stirring of passion she felt in him under the controlled surface matched hers. When his arms circled her, she placed her hands on his lapels not to push him back, but to touch him, to have the impression of his strength on her fingers.
He broke the kiss she’d been unable and unwilling to resist and mercifully stayed silent while her world righted itself. No man other than Heath had ever kissed her, held her like this. She’d evaded Mr. Barth and he was too nice to press her. This man was different. He had no fear of demanding what he wanted. She had every fear of giving in to his demands.
May loves romance. Big pink roses, chocolate hearts, sunset walks, but, most of all, she loves romance novels. She’s been reading romances since she first discovered the public library where the librarians didn't notice or didn't care what she was checking out even though she hadn't hit puberty yet.
Since then, May has continued to read every genre of romance, but she writes mostly historical. Places and time periods have stories to tell. And she likes to listen. Her most recent novels are Victorian era pieces where she can imagine beautiful gowns and elegant teas.
Astronomers at the European Southern Observatory have observed one of the largest black hole explosions ever known. The blasts, known as quasars, are very bright galactic centers powered by supermassive black holes. The newly discovered quasar is at least five times more powerful than the one previously observed to be the largest.
Some scientists believe that these quasars can help them understand the enigmas of the universe, such as the lack of large galaxies and how a galaxy’s mass is related to the mass of its central black hole.
Nahum Arav, an astronomer from Virginia Tech, stated, “I’ve been looking for something like this for a decade, so it’s thrilling to finally find one of the monster outflows that have been predicted!”
This year ranks as one of the nine hottest years in 160 years, confirming the trend toward a warmer planet. According to the World Meteorological Organization, average temperatures between January and October were 0.45°C above the average from 1961 — 90. A rise of 1°C is enough to increase the frequency of extreme weather, according to some scientists.
The rate at which the Arctic ice melted last summer was higher than that of any previous year. In September, the ice area shrank to just over half its size from the previous year, the smallest it has been since records began. In addition, recent unusual weather events show links to global warming.
Michel Jarraud, head of the World Meteorological Organization, cited the extreme heat wave that occurred in Russia in 2010, and stated that “without climate change, this episode would have been extremely unlikely.”
Experts with the World Health Organization (WHO) reported that a new SARS-like coronavirus has killed two people in Jordan. The deaths make a total of nine confirmed cases of the virus, with five fatalities, since it was initially contracted by a Saudi Arabian man. Cases have occurred so far in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Jordan.
Scientists are looking into the possibility of the virus being communicable, although the virus is probably not nearly as deadly as SARS. “Even if the cases in Jordan were human-to-human spread — and we don’t know that — it wasn’t sustained,” said WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl. Two clusters of the diseases lead some to believe it is conagious, and medical and public health workers are being told to stay vigilant to unexplained cases of pneumonia as possible links to the new virus.
Experiments led by researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Tufts University, and Boston University revealed that knowledge from music theory can strengthen spider silk, one of the strongest known materials in the natural world.
The research team — consisting of mathematicians, music composers, and engineers — constructed detailed computer models of the underlying protein structures that make the silk so flexible and strong. After studying patterns within the structures, the team found that the structure of silk could be described in a similar manner of a musical piece: by range, pitch, dynamics, and tempo.
The researchers are now working to design biosynthesized materials by piecing the proteins together as a musical composition might be pieced together. This method of synthesizing materials could signal the building blocks for tissue engineering and could ultimately lead to replacement organs, skin, or new materials for civil engineering.
As New York City faces the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, residents struggle with increased health problems. Although a majority of the city has power and heating restored, there are still over 12,000 residents in unheated homes. As a result, the rate at which people contract hypothermia is three times the normal rate of previous years. During the week of the storm, the carbon monoxide exposure rate was 10 times higher than expected. There were six times as many cases as usual the next week.
Lack of heating could lead to other health problems such as depression, anxiety, and the worsening of heart and lung problems. Officials worry over the approaching winter, as long periods of exposure to environments below room temperature could be fatal. Officials recommend that residents without heat should avoid using gas or ovens to protect themselves from carbon monoxide, and should wear loose-fitting, dry layers of clothing.
The computer simulation SPAUN — Semantic Pointer Architecture Unified Network — has been programmed to think in a similar manner to the human brain. What sets SPAUN apart from other simulations is its ability to inform the user of its thought process: After answering a question, it prints out how it reached that answer.
Input is given in the form of a written question, with SPAUN “seeing” the query; the information sorts through the system until SPAUN decides what to do with it. Eventually, it prints detailed instructions on how to solve the problem.
While the creators of SPAUN believe it is a breakthrough that will help scientists understand the brain, some of its obvious limitations — like not being able to learn new information — come to the attention of its critics. “It is not a brain model,” said Henry Markram of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne.
July 11, 2018	by 12bongda	Comments are off 123 viewson 12bet NumberGame, Link Vào 12BET, Nhà Cái 12BET
July 11, 2018	by Cá cơm	Comments are off 144 viewson 12bet Soi Kèo, Link Vào 12BET, Nhà Cái 12BET, World Cup 2018
• Features 5 points of articulation, just like the classic Kenner action figures of the 1970s and 1980s!
Nathan Fillion's Malcolm Reynolds gets the ReAction treatment! Standing 3 3/4-inches tall, this articulated figure is the perfect size for desk display at work or at home. The Firefly Malcolm Reynolds ReAction Retro Action Figure from Super7 and Funko comes with a gun accessory. It makes an awesome collectible for any fan of the Joss Whedon TV series! Ages 14 and up.
We apologize to all who have had orders delayed or lost stock. We have almost fully transitioned to convention and retail sales. Hopefully soon the site will be revamped to reflect the product that we sell and carry at Cons and Shows as it is vastly different than the 1/6 Military and Diecast we started out selling way back when.
Namwan น้องน้ำหวาน is a hot and sexy freelance model from Thailand. She is a highly sought after model when it comes to exclusive paid photo shoot events held in hotels.
Twin Lotus Resort & Spa Koh Lanta is a luxury boutique resort located right on the beach in the heart of Klong Dao Beach, one of the most very beautiful beaches on Lanta Yai Islands at the west coast of Krabi, Thailand.
Twin Lotus Resort & Spa offers 81 guests rooms, all rooms with private balcony, surrounding by greenery and lotus ponds recapture the elegance and serenity of lotus the flower of paradise. Guests can choose from spacious suites, exclusive deluxe and superior rooms, most of which are only a few short steps from the beach and enjoy stunning views over the ocean
I was traveling around in thailand for two weeks and twin lotus was definitely the best one! Service was great the food was delicious and the room was awsome! If you going to koh lanta, I dearly recommend this one!! 10 point Form me and my man
The hotel is very nice and high standard. The service and the personell is great. We got a free upgrade to a Ocean Villa with made us very happy, we would have been disappointed the delux room.
The report analyzes Liquid Feed Supplements Market on a global and regional level. The study offers past data of 2014 to 2016 along with forecast from 2017 to 2024 on the basis revenue (USD Billion). Assessment of market dynamics gives a brief thought about the drivers and restraints for the Liquid Feed Supplements Market along with the impact they have on the demand over the analysis period. Additionally, the report includes the study of opportunities available in the Liquid Feed Supplements Market on a global level.
The report provides a transparent outlook on the Liquid Feed Supplements Market. We have included a detailed competitive scenario and portfolio of leading vendors operative in Liquid Feed Supplements Market. To understand the competitive landscape in the market, an analysis of Porter’s Five Forces model for the Liquid Feed Supplements Market has also been included. The study encompasses a market attractiveness analysis, wherein types, application, verticals and regional segments are benchmarked based on their general attractiveness, market size, and their growth rate.
The report provides a basic overview of the Liquid Feed Supplements Market including definition, classification, application and industry chain structure. And development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures.
Then, the report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specifications, sales, market share and contact information.
Liquid Feed Supplements Market also includes opportunities, drivers, restraints, key player profile & their strategies, challenges and investment potential.
The study provides a crucial view on the Liquid Feed Supplements Market by segmenting the market based on type, application, verticals, and regions. All the components types, industry verticals segments of the Liquid Feed Supplements Market have been analyzed based on present and future trends and the market is estimated from 2016 to 2024.
The competitive profiling of key players of Liquid Feed Supplements Market includes company and financial overview, business strategies adopted by them, their recent developments and product offered by them which can help in assessing competition in the Liquid Feed Supplements Market.
Differing research techniques were taken into thought while gathering the information for the market report. The best down and the base up approaches were utilized as a part of a request to dissect the information. SWOT investigation of the business and the Porters Five Forces demonstrate helped in clarifying the eventual fate of the market players that are associated with the market.
Inquire more before buying this report @ www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/liquid-feed-supplements-market
Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristically, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, a company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with Vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from Cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us.
Tags : global liquid feed supplements industry analysis , Liquid Feed Supplements Market , liquid feed supplements market research report , liquid feed supplements market segment forecast , liquid feed supplements market size share , price and demand , trend
Shawn Morgan is an accomplished digital marketing professional. He tracks the most recent patterns and happenings in the advanced showcasing scene, additionally offering his feeling on their effect on organizations. He has involvement in both B2C and B2B markets. His side interests incorporate perusing books and voyaging. Follow him on Twitter: @shawnmorgan789
Korg UK is the latest big name to sign-up for September’s The UK Drum Show, bringing top brands Mapex, Paiste and Vic Firth back to the show for another year. Also, newly announced by organiser Gold Media and Events, Nicko McBrain’s very own drum store, Drum One, will be making its debut at the show.
The patented Unique Seat is the best alternative to the current seating products on the market today.
If we are unable to process your credit card, please check to ensure you entered the correct card number and expiration date and that the billing name and address match exactly what is on your credit card statement. Please contact your credit card company with any further questions.
With standard shipping, orders will arrive within 7-10 days. Express shipping is not available for Alaska or Hawaii.
Our goal is 100% accuracy on quantity and timeliness for all shipments. Orders are processed Monday-Friday. All orders for in-stock merchandise are shipped within 48 hours.
All orders should arrive with a packing slip. Please confirm that all the information on the packing slip is consistent with the materials in the box. Also make note of any damage to the box should you find a discrepancy. If you have questions, please call us at 888-687-7779.
If we do not have an item in stock, it will show as "Out of stock" on the website ordering page. You Orders cannot be placed for out of stock items.
If you have any questions or changes to your order, please call us at 888-687-7779 or email us at info@uniqueseat.com.
We guarantee 100% satisfaction on all sales for products returned within 30 days from the date of purchase with an original receipt. To return a product purchased on our website:
We will provide you with detailed instructions regarding how to process the return. Shipping charges will only be refunded if we’ve sent the wrong item or if the item is defective.
1. Please email info@theuniqueseat.com to request a refund or exchange and we will assign you a tracking #.
3. Include in your package a signed letter stating the reason for your return and the original receipt.
You may contact Customer Service at 888-687-7779 to determine if your order can be changed prior to order processing and shipment.
Order processing begins after you click the submit button therefore it may not be possible to cancel your order. Please contact customer service at 888-687-7779 for assistance and if your order cannot be cancelled, you may return it.
In-stock products typically ship within 48 hours after you submit your order. Delivery time will depend upon product availability and selected shipping method.
When you make a Unique Seat purchase from Vision Quest, IJN, we use the information you provide to process your order. We will send you email to confirm your order and may need to contact you by phone, postal mail or email if we have questions about your order. At Vision Quest, IJN, we respect your privacy and will not sell or rent your information to third parties or market to you without your permission.
Vision Quest, IJN welcomes comments and questions on these policies. We are dedicated to protecting your personal information, and will make every reasonable effort to keep that information secure. Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this policy. All revisions will be posted to this site and will become effective on the date that the modified policy is posted on our site.
We are constantly working to raise the bar on our services. If you have comments about your experience, please let us know.
For nearly the past year I’ve relied on my existing Twitter account to communicate with my followers and such – and these are mainly people from HubPages, where I have a couple of profiles where I publish articles and such. But I recently thought about the fact that we still didn’t have an official, dedicated Twitter account, even though the ASMR Facebook Group has been around since January or February 2010, and the YouTube Channel has existed for six months now.
So recently I went about setting an official account up. So I’m running two Twitter accounts: one is my personal account and the other is dedicated to ASMR. I’m surprised I didn’t do this sooner, but I was busy with a lot of other stuff throughout the year. I think over the Christmas weekend I was able to focus a bit more on things, that’s all.
I know that some of the community is on twitter, because I’ve followed some of the #ASMR tags that I myself put on some of my tweets on my other account in the past. So make sure to follow us on the account, and you can send direct messages, as well as read some of my own tweets which I’ll leave from time to time. These will include updates on the community, my personal trigger events, as well as other topics revolving around ASMR. Sounds like fun, right?
I’ll also from now on be including this account as an official ASMR network site, along with the Facebook Group, this website, UNF, and the ASMR forums, among others.
So once again, make sure to head on over there and follow me, and I’ll return the favour. Then we can chat about things and the like just like on other network sites. See you there!
By the way, I’ve put links to the Twitter page on the site, on the sidebar, the hotspots page, and also the twitter icon under the “follow us” heading in the sidebar now links to this new account rather than my other one.
Basically I focus my eyes to the right side of my vision and walk in a straight line or small circles... with this I have been able to replicate almost 100% of the time... (AKA look all the way to your right or left and walk)
Hi I really enjoy your blog and LOVE watching ASMR videos on YouTube. I also follow you on twitter ( thanks for some of your links :) ) I recently set up my own ASMR YouTube channel and would love yours and others opinion on it. I'm just getting started so there's only a few videos but if you could spread the word that would be so helpful. I just love finding triggers and experimenting with different things to see if they bring people ASMR. Thank you very much.
If you’ve found this post helpful or humorous, why not bookmark it right now? You can do this by using the ‘share it’ buttons, as well as the new blogger share buttons at the bottom of the post. Please feel free to share this article with others, but do not plagiarise. All posts on this blog including this one, are copyrighted.
Bookmarking and commenting only takes a little time, and you can also consider subscribing to my RSS feed for more!
I apologise if you are having trouble leaving a comment. Sometimes the comment system doesn't accept comments. I'm looking in to this right now, and hopefully can find a fix soon. There are several potentional reasons why this may be happening to some people, and one of them points in the direction of a recent Blogger update.
This is the main reason why I am unable to respond to comments left on the blog for the time being, but rest assured that I do read and approve comments that make it through. If you really need to get a hold of me, then visit my contact page in the sidebar to the right. Thanks.
These are just mini-updates that I was too lazy or busy to make a post for. They also list changes or additions that have been made to the blog, for interest's sake and to follow how the blog is developing.
Last year, I googled the phrase “What is this good tingling sensation in my head”, or something to that effect, and came across an interesti...
I came across an interesting if not controversial topic on the ASMR forum a while back, and I’ve since seen it crop up on the Facebook group...
I was kind of shocked to see this yesterday evening when I was online. I happened to be over on the ASMR Facebook Group, when I read a post...
The ASMR forum was started nearly four months ago, near the end of July 2010. It was slow going at times, and even though most of the commun...
I often call the sensation I feel “tingles” or “head tingles”, for some reason. It’s just a colloquialism or layman term so that others I de...
1. Vintage Alberta Ferretti, Brown Suede Fringe Jacket, similar here. 2. American Apparel, Crop Tee with Pocket, similar here. 3. AG Jeans, The Legging Ankle Corduroy Skinny Jeans, buy here. 4. Oscar De La Renta, Horn Earrings, similar here. 5.… Continue Reading →
Meet Stephen: After being home-schooled until age 11, he entered Morehouse with a triple major including medical school - The Westside GazetteThe Westside Gazette
»Simone Biles Now Tied as Most Decorated Female Gymnast After Winning Four Golds and Medaling in All Events at World Championships
You Are Here: Home » National News » Meet Stephen: After being home-schooled until age 11, he entered Morehouse with a triple major including medical school
Meet Stephen: After being home-schooled until age 11, he entered Morehouse with a triple major including medical school
It is so rare that we hear a good story on the news that when we do find one, we want to shout it from the rooftops. This is one of those stories.
Stephen R. Stafford II was home-schooled by his parents. At the very young age of 11- years-old he started college courses at Morehouse College in Atlanta, GA.
His mother saw how much potential that he had while she was teaching him and she just could not keep up with his academic skills. Not wanting to hold him back at all, she enrolled him at Morehouse.
Not only is he bright but he is musically talented as well. He began playing piano at the age of two and is now a classical pianist. When he is asked how he does it and how he feels a-bout how exceptional he is, he simply replies that he is just like every other kid, he just learns quickly.
Unfortunately for Stephen a law in the state of Georgia is going to slow down his progress just a bit.
Students are not allowed to officially graduate from high school until they are 16. He is going to complete that course-work as well as the college classes he is currently in so that he can get a jump on every-thing else once he is officially graduated.
He will be receiving his triple major degrees (pre-med, mathematics, and computer science) at the age of 17 and then will be headed off to the Morehouse School of Medicine.
Stephen is a true inspiration to all of those around and shows that with effort and hard work you can do anything that you wish. He is also great proof that home-schooling children can produce amazing results.
“Untitled Game” is a shmup I started fiddling with about a year ago, then ignored until very recently. Its major inspiration, gameplay-wise, is DemonStar – a game I spent entirely too much time playing on school computers back in the day.
Aesthetically, Untitled Game is my attempt at trying out a very retro graphics style – a 16-color palette selected from the 64 EGA colors, and a 320×240 resolution (But I can’t call it “EGA” since EGA is slightly different: its aspect ratio was lower, at 320×200 (among other modes), and its 320×200 mode only supported the 16 CGA colors).
The aspect ratio has been one of the main issues with this game’s design. DemonStar’s aspect ratio is taller than it is wide, which is useful for giving the player time to react to enemies once they’ve appeared on the screen. With a fatter aspect ratio, you need a complex balance of player speed, enemy speed, and level design to make sure encounters are interesting but not overwhelming.
I probably won’t do any posts about this project unless I do something technically interesting with it – I’ve been thinking of possibly using a palette-swap technique, so effects can brighten or darken areas of the screen under them, which would be useful for fadeouts, hit flashing, and various effects. But we’ll see where it goes.
[UPDATE]: Audio works now. I’m an idiot and had a capitalization mismatch when loading the files. Also, the thing where the game loses focus and won’t capture keypresses if you clicked outside the canvas element is “fixed”.
Thanks for the feedback! If your keyboard has arrow keys you can use those to move as well, but I’m going to add key rebinding on the next update. There’s a couple other issues I’d like to fix too.
The Winking Wumpus is my general dev blog, where I'll post code snippets, tutorials and other things for whatever random projects I'm working on! Expect sparse, unscheduled updates because I'm crap. :P
Copy trading money automatically, Without any knowledge and a mere $100-200 in seed money, you can get started within minutes and everything is done automatically for you.
wordpress theme, but has no meta because COPYTRADING.GUIDE does not contain proper wordpress theme information.
Description MH Newsdesk is a modern and dynamic news WordPress theme with a beautiful flat design and great flexibility. This news template for WordPress is ideal for up-to-date blogs, online magazines and all kind of other vibrant news websites. MH Newsdesk WordPress theme is focusing on your newsworthy and fresh content. In case you need more features, additional widgets and advanced options to customize your website, you can upgrade to the premium version of MH Newsdesk.
Select the featured posts you want to show at any time and include them in your theme using a widget.
RLDGAMES.NET seems to use Wordpress but it is very hard to find the theme information from this website.
TreeHouse Fonts - thfonts.com - Archive of downloadable freeware fonts. Browse by alphabetical listing, by author, by style or by popularity.
Disclaimer: All the fonts listed on this website are checked periodically to ensure they are freeware, shareware, or under an open source license. If you find on TreeHouse Fonts any font with commercial copyright please email me so that it can be immediately removed.
Caspar Museum needs volunteers to help at the Front Desk, as a Docent with school tours, or during Special Events. We also have opportunities to work in the Museums' collections and in the fort's garden.
Do you enjoy talking with and helping people? At the front desk, volunteers assist staff and the public from May to September. Volunteers greet visitors, ring up admissions and bookstore sales on the cash register, assist in re-stocking the bookstore, answer visitor questions regarding site history and area attractions, and answer the telephone. Staff provides training on all of these duties. We’ll work with you to schedule a shift.
Do you enjoy working with children? We are looking for volunteers to help with the busy tour season in April and May as well as during the summer and fall. Docents at FCM lead tours of the fort buildings and guide museum gallery activities. You will receive training about site history, how to work with students and lead these tours. Docents are asked to give one tour (about 2 hours) a week during the spring or fall session or both, if you wish.
Are you only able to volunteer on an intermittent basis? Do you like working with the public? Then being a Special Events Volunteer may be the right fit for you. Helping with kids and family activities, lectures, Candlelight Christmas, Caspar Collins Day, or evening programs are just some of the possible special events where we can use your help!
For more information on helping in the Fort's heirloom garden (email) or with the Museum's collection (email), send an email or call the museum at (307) 235-8462.
We appreciate our volunteers and take pride in their commitment to the museum and the community. Benefits of volunteering at Fort Caspar Museum include:
a free one-year individual membership to the Fort Caspar Museum Association after thirty (30) recorded volunteer hours. (This membership provides free admission, special invitations to luncheons and activities, and a 15% discount in the bookstore).
Copyright 2014 City of Casper All Rights Reserved. Powered by CivicLive Inc. Connect. Engage. Serve.
when you want deals involving Savannah Acrylic Thermal Air Tub 74" x 44" x 24" - Hydro Systems SAV7444ATA-SA along with can be that the info within this web page is advantageous to you.
2003 SR400 model with 528 kms. SR donk expanded to 420cc , flowed head and round slide carb. A Deus favourite.
No pedigree here just pure mongrel, maybe Kelpie cross Greyhound. Exposed ribs encase a heart that will keep on pumping mile after mile — a worked 525cc donk of rampaging single cylinder fury. This puppy will… More
Head wrench Jeremy Tagand went three days without sleep to get this pony ready for the Parallel Universe… he told us on the fourth day that a Smurf stole his 8mm spanner and mind power was… More
One of our first ground-up, spare-no-expense customs: The SR Mono. Blacked out SR 542cc engine with flat slide carb, flowed head and race exhaust, airbox removal. Mono-shock stretched swingarm conversion, Ohlins inverted front and mono-shock rear,… More
DNA lifted from the Evil Twin, however stock internals, stock air intake and battery box. The lesser of two Evils. Picture yourself stepping outside your local cafe and all you see are mass produced replicas. Then… More
The American Academy of Actuaries' mission is to serve the public and the United States actuarial profession
Benefits and Eligibility Work Group letter to HHS in response to an interim final rule on first-dollar coverage of preventive services. (September 17, 2010)
Benefits and Eligibility Work Group letter to HHS in response to an interim final rule on ACA provisions that eliminate lifetime limits, restrict annual limits, eliminate preexisting condition exclusions, and prohibit rescissions. (August 27, 2010)
Benefits and Eligibility Work Group letter to HHS in response to an interim final rule on the PPACA provision that extends dependent coverage to age 26. (July 12, 2010)
The American Academy of Actuaries' mission is to serve the public and the United States actuarial profession.
It smells shit in the room and over the whole area which it dit not 2008. Lots of mosquitos in the room
Best hotel on Klong Dao Beach, Koh Lanta. Situated on the North end of the sandy beach which is more quiet and bigger.\r\nResort is luxurius and big and doesn\ t feel crowded although busy. \r\nThe Spa is clean and very good for the money.\r\nThe restaurant and bar is on the beach, but focus on \ Western Thai food\ rather than local Thai which was a shame. Breakfast was varied and good.\r\nThe pool is nice although not too big and also situated \ on\ the beach. Unfortuntely, the hotel doesn\ t do anything to prevent guests from \ reserving\ sun deck chairs all day!!!\r\nHuts are very nicely decorated and quiet and the staff drives around in golf carts all day offering guests even the smallest ride.\r\nGo to the small tour operator in the nearby \ shopping archade\ to book tours - cheaper and better service than at the hotel.\r\nFree internet incl. computers for guests!\r\nAll in all a very nice upscale resort at the higher end - will recommend anytime.
Twin Lotus Resort & Spa Koh Lanta is re opening its doors in late 2012 after a full renovation and the addition of newly constructed Villas and facilities. Situated on 12 acres of gardens and a 3 kilometer white sand beach, new facilities include a brand new Spa & Wellness Center as well as Beachfront Bar & Restaurant. Villas are located on the beachfront, as well as in the gardens and overlooking the canal that runs through the property.
A total of 81 accommodations ranging from Superior and Deluxe rooms to One and Two Bedroom Villas can be found at Twin Lotus Resort & Spa Koh Lanta. Situated throughout the property, all categories offer spacious layouts with both indoor and outdoor space and are designed using natural tones consistent with a resort environment. Modern amenities include features such as Wi-Fi access, flat screen TV's, electronic safe, mini-bar, coffee & tea facilities, and more.
Food lover can fully enjoy an extensive range of mouth watering dishes in a wide variety of regional styles: Thai and international food, Barbecue Seafood Dinner with sunset along the coast of Andaman sea. Discover a wonderful place to sit and enjoy to fresh mouth watering seafood and relaxing drinks in the evening.
Be spoiled by an extensive range o holistic spa, facial and body treatments and massage at this definitively Thai Spa. Among the outstanding highlights is its signature treatment, 'In Love With Bussaba' a specially created combination of aromatherapy, Swedish massage, Thai traditional massage and deep tissue techniques.
Recreation facilities abound at Twin Lotus Jacuzzi, Fitness Center, Spa, Meditation. Variety of non - motorized water canoe, windsurf and mountain bikes.
You Are Here: > Home > Homework > 7th Grade Science. Homework. Honors 7th Grade Science; 7th Grade Science; 7th Grade Science.. Homework Help for Grade 7. . Homework & Project Tips See all. The Method to Research Madness. .. TALCOTT, REX. Mr. Talcott's Home Page; 7th Grade Science Homework; 7th Grade Science Syllabus; Colony Middle School; 7th Grade Science Homework; Monday, 8/14.. Find quality Lessons, lessonplans, and other resources for Seventh Grade Biology / Life Science and much more. Practice math online with IXL! Interactive & adaptive. Get your free trial now.. Monday, September 25, 2017: Day #2 to use laptops to work on Ecosystem Projects (due Friday!) Tuesday, September 26, 2017: Check bugs (no written observations). It's going to be a great 2010!!!! Monday: Intro to elements and Periodic Table of Elements CW - Student Resource Books: pgs.. 7th Grade Homework for the week of 3/19/18, due Friday, 3/23/18: Complete the legacy slide for Unit 5.. Find 7th Grade Science Book at Target. Shop & Save Online Today.. Get a tutor 24/7 in 40+ subjects including Math, Science and English. We help thousands of students get better grades every day. Get an expert tutor now.. Browse Evening Classes and Full Time Courses. Develop Your Skills Online Today.. 2/2 . HW please have your mutated version of . PETER DIED EATING HIS SISTER"S FRIES with drawing for Monday. Protein, DNA, Early development, Homologous structures .. 7th Science Course Syllabus; 7th Grade Homework Helper; . 7th Grade Homework Helper; 7th Grade Homework Helper . Week of March 12, 2018 . Class.. Find an extensive range of fun, free and printable Science Worksheets for 7th Grade at School of Dragons.. Find quality Lessons, lessonplans, and other resources for Sixth Grade Science and much more . Grade Level. All Grades; . Seventh grade, Eighth grade, Ninth grade, .. Browse Evening Classes and Full Time Courses. Develop Your Skills Online Today.. Mr. Lasco's 7th Grade Science: Home Homework Lesson Plans Parent Notes Earth Key Terms Life Key Terms Quizlet OnlineBook Week 1 7/24-7/28 Mon .. I have several 7th grade science questions that I need answers to quickly. - Answered by a verified Tutor. Homework. Homework Questions? . For this homework, .. www.njctl.org 7th grade PSI Matter and Its Properties What is Matter? Homework Name: 7th Grade PSI Science 4.. MICS Seventh Grade . Please visit here often to gather information about homework, . Science: Get syllabus and safety contract.. Armstrong, Amy - 6th Grade (Special Education) Barnes, Heather - 7th Grade (Science) Bedolla, Vicky - 7th Grade (Math) Boston, Terrie - 8th Grade (Language Arts). HOMEWORK November 1, 2017 1) Finish your What is Heat / Halloween Lab on Google Classroom. Please see example of page 18 below.. Mrs. Fitch 7th Grade Science Homework Page. Create a free website.. 7th Grade Science Vocabulary; . 8th Grade Science Homework; 6th Grade Science Homework; ISAT Math practice; Mrs. Wyman; ECHO Teachers; Administration; Board of .. Find 7th Grade Science Book at Target. Shop & Save Online Today.. Science - Phenomenon: Why would a stable ecosystem never have more carnivores than herbivores? Performance Expectation: MS-LS-2: I am expected to construct .. Home; 7th Grade Academic Science.. Students, parents and teachers looking for 7th grade science homework help found the below articles and tips helpful.. Browse Evening Classes and Full Time Courses. Develop Your Skills Online Today.. Book C: Diversity of Living Things Chapter 1: Single Celled Organisms and Viruses. Lesson 1: Single-celled organisms have all the characteristics of living things.. Ms. Porter's 7th Grade Science Class: Home Homework Lessons Science Enrichment Websites Info Welcome to the 2015-2016 . pencil, and homework each day.. 7th Grade Science Class & Homework-Motion & Force Unit. Want to find another teachers HW? Click your other teachers name: Conroy .. Monday Students will read section 2.2 in their book and answer questions 1 11 on page 58. This is worth 2 points and will be collected on Friday.. Find 7th Grade Science Book at Target. Shop & Save Online Today.. 7th grade science. Units Mrs. Fitch Mrs. Guerrieri Mrs. Sbarra 7th grade science core . Click on the link below to access my homework calendar.. Welcome; Canvas; Earth and Environmental Daily Assignments; Earth and Environmental Homework; Earth and Environmental Class Documents 2017-2018; Earth and . cd4164fbe1
TTL capability within Azure Cosmos DB is a live saver, as it would take necessary steps to purge redudent data based on the configurations you may.
Let us think in terms of an Industrial IoT scenario, devices can produce vast amounts of telemetry information, logs and user session information that is only useful until we operate on them and take action on them, to be specific up to finate period of time. Once that data becomes surplus, we need an application logic that purges these old records.
With the “Time to Live” or TTL, Microsoft Cosmos DB provides an ability to have your documents automatically purged from database storage after a certian period if time(which you configured)
Once the TTL is set, Cosmos DB service will automatically remove the documents when its lifetime is over.
Inorder to track TTL, Cosmos DB uses an offset field to check when it was last modified. This field is identifiable as “_ts”, which exists in every document you create. Basically it is a UNIX epoch timestamp. This field is updated everytime when the document is modified. [Ref: Picture1]
You can enable TTL on a Cosmos DB collection simply by using Azure Portal –> Cosmos DB collection setting for existing or during creation of a new collection)
Below is a one of the reference architecture in which Cosmos DB – TTL would be essentially useful and viable to any Iot business case:
During the Ignite 2018, Microsoft has announced the general availability of Multi-Master feature being introduced to Azure Cosmos DB to provide more control into data redundancy and elastic scalability for your data from different regions with multiple writes and read instances.
Multi-master is a capability that provided as part of Cosmos DB, that would provide you multiple write regions and provides an option to handle conflict resolution automatically through different options provided by the platform. Most of the major scenarios you would encounter the conflict can be resolved with these simple configurations.
A sample diagram depicting a use case of load balanced web app writing to respective regional master:-
With multi-master, Azure Cosmos DB delivers a single digit millisecond write latency at the 99th percentile anywhere in the world, and now offers 99.999 percent write availability (in addition to 99.999 percent read availability) backed by the industry-leading SLAs.
Wow! That’s an amazing performance Cosmos DB guarantees to provide so that your mission-critical systems will have zero downtime, if they start using Cosmos DB.
Azure Cosmos DB multi-master configuration is the game changes that really makes it a true global scale database with automatic conflict resolution capabilities for data synchronization and consistancy.
In my later sessions I will write examples to cover how conflict resolutions can be configured and used in realtime scenarios.
Azure Cosmos DB is a planet scale global document database which have been available for Azure Customers based on pay-as-you-go. Reserved Capacity is a new long term pre-paid billing commitment customers can get a discounted pricing. Azure Cosmos DB reserved capacity helps you save money by pre-paying for Azure Cosmos DB resources for a period of one year or three years.
It can significantly reduce your Cosmos DB costs and it enables you to save up to 65 percent on regular prices with one-year or three-year upfront commitment.
Reserved capacity provides a billing discount and does not affect the runtime state of your Cosmos DB resources.
It is available to all supported APIs (including MongoDB, Cassandra, SQL, Gremlin and Azure Tables) and all regions worldwide.
Scoped to a Single Subscription: that means a set of cosmos db account resources such as database or containers within the selected subscription.
Shared/Scoped to an enrolment: Billing benefit can be shared across any subscription in the enterprise agreement or pay-as-you-go subscriptions.
This feature is currently only applicable for enrolment (Enterprise Agreement customers) or account (Pay-as-you-go customers). Users with MSDN Subscription benefits are not applicable for the Reserved Capacity benefits.
Recently while I was doing Performance Testing in one of the APIs interacting with Cosmos DB, I encountered a problem as Azure Cosmos DB API’s started returning Http Code 429. Http Status Code 429 indicates that too many request been received or request rate is very large. This error would happen when we have concurrent users trying to write or read from same cosmos db collection.
Based on analysis it found out to be the Throttling happening from Azure Cosmos DB, as we make requests that may use more than provisioned Request Units(RU) per second. We were using default Cosmos DB configuration for a fixed collection of 1000 RU’s per second which is sufficient enough for a 500 reads and 100 writes for a 1 kb file. You can refer more about Request Units from Azure Docs.
1. Now first logical step we can do is to get rid off this error by increasing the Throughput for the collection. I am going to increase to 10000 RU/s maximum allocatable for a Storage Capacity: Fixed. This should ideally improve the Throughput for 250 or more virtual users hitting.
Purpose of this article is to help you with few steps of commands to provision a new Azure Cosmos DB database instance through Azure CLI or Azure Cloud Shell.
For the ease of this article I used Azure Cloud Shell, that you can launch from your azure portal by clicking on the Shell icon on the top portal menu.
So that’s the few silly easy steps to create Cosmos DB database from Azure CLI or Azure Cloud Shell. Hope that makes it easy for you.
To read more about the exam 70-777 visit: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/learning/exam-70-777.aspx ( the link will also provide you guidance on the topics covered by this exam)
As on today, 70-777 BETA exam enrollment started, has around 300 beta seats for this exam, and you must register and take the exam before October,1 2018. Hurry if you are passionate enough to learn and try out this certification exam, please register now before you quote is full.
As part of BETA, you would get 80% discount use code 70-777-PANURGIC, when registering for the exam.
Nithin Mohan – A passionate hardcore application programmer, software architect, and technology evangelist with over 13 years of experience in Web, Mobile, and Cloud applications design and development.
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed herein are my own personal opinions and do not represent my employer's view in any way. This blog is to share knowledge, tips & tricks on software development using Emerging Technologies. Thanks to the readers and sincere thanks to all author's of crossposted blogs. Blog is powered by theme gitsta, customized for this blog. Enjoy reading the blog and subscribe to the RSS feed.
NeuroSky technologies enable the most insightful and easy-to-understand health and wellness biometrics for mobile solutions, wearable devices, and service providers. The company’s proprietary, market-leading biosensor technologies provide a foundation for analyzing biometric data in a way that’s never before been practical. NeuroSky-enabled solutions deliver unique insights into body and mind health and wellness that can motivate people to make better lifestyle choices.
If you're a **professional developer** or serious about making a **quality game or application** to be sold to the masses eagerly awaiting BCI applications,​ simply follow the steps below to go all the way from "​concept?"​ to "​product!"​ (bookmark this page as your entry page for reference, and always start on this page or come back to this page after each step!): ​ If you're a **professional developer** or serious about making a **quality game or application** to be sold to the masses eagerly awaiting BCI applications,​ simply follow the steps below to go all the way from "​concept?"​ to "​product!"​ (bookmark this page as your entry page for reference, and always start on this page or come back to this page after each step!): ​
Discuss literature (e.g. books, newspapers), educational studies (getting help or opinions on homework or an essay), and philosophy.
If anyone could spare half an hour, I could use some chinese names translated to Pinyin. I'm comparing accounts of china betwen a 19th century book and a modern one, and am finding it difficult to discern exactly who is who.
What if Lu Bu had lived beyond Xia Pi? Find out, in The Legend of Lu Bu - Chapter 7 up - Liu Bei and Lu Bu flee to Jing
"Whatever you do, don't fall off the bridge! It'll be a pain to try to get back up again." - Private, DW 8
talon1579 wrote: Just remembered this thread, I'm happy to type out names. Some of my guesses are there too.
This is an interesting chapter. I like how the author assumes that the Fuxi and Noah flood stories must be the same, of course, and how the "History of China" consists entirely of a succession of emperors and wars. I guess that's one idea of history, though I'm glad it doesn't get written like this any longer. i don't think he mentions the actual Chinese *people* even once.
anyways, Mung-Teen must be Shi Huangdi's general Meng Tian, Lien Pang must be Liu Bang, Woo-Tee is Han Wudi, Wei-Sing is Wei Qing; Hwae-yang must be Emperor Gengshi who became prince Huaiyang; then you have Emperor Guangwu - you can trace all of this through Wikipedia, which is what I'm doing now - then a couple more successors, then emperor Han Hedi in 89AD. i get lost after that (Senen-te?), once it gets out of the Han dynasty.
Holy moly, that's ancient stuff. It's not even Wade-Giles, but the author seemed to be spelling things as he heard them, or got the spellings from someone else. The "Tai Tsin" dynasty is 大清, or "The Great Qing". The fact that he spelled it ending in -in instead of -ing hints either at his having heard wrong, or having gotten the pronunciation from a southern Chinese speaker.
"Fohi" is indeed Fuxi. The modern Cantonese pronunciation is "fok-hey". Makes me wonder if the consonant was really a "h" or a "s/x" sound in court Mandarin at that time.
Lady Wu wrote: The fact that he spelled it ending in -in instead of -ing hints either at his having heard wrong, or having gotten the pronunciation from a southern Chinese speaker.
I'm guessing its the second, as the English were mostly present in southern China at that point. The pre-Wade-Giles thing is gonna make this difficult, I'll just have to tell them that at the interview (I mentioned this in my personal statement for Oxford University)
Join the Romance of the Three Kingdoms discussion with our resident Scholars. Topics relating to the novel and history are both welcome. Don't forget to check the Forum Rules before posting.
After the Three Kingdoms established, Shu led 15 invasions of Wei. Wei defended itself and sometimes counter-attacked. What was Wu doing all that time? It was waiting for them to destroy themselves but didn't he miss the occasions he had to overcome on of the two other kingdoms? Would things have changed if Wu had attack Wei more actively at the same time as Shu?
"It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.”
Wu's downfall wasn't really caused by either of the two kingdoms. It was caused by internal divisions, a leader who seems to have had dementia or something, and enough catfighting to fill two sororities and a high school prom court election.
You're going to have to be a bit more specific on the "after the Three Kingdoms was established" part because I recall Wu being quite active, like destroying Liu Bei and stuff.
Its internal conflicts really screwed it over though, especially after the death of Sun Quan. If it had been able to capitalize on the rebellions in Shouchun, it could have gained some serious ground against Wei. It is unfortunate for Wu that those rebellions took place after Sun Quan had died.
I meant from the time point when Zhugr liang led his first invasion. At that time Yiling was already done. Since then Zhuge Liang had time to lead 5 invasions of Wei, and at that time, correct me if I'm wrong but Sun Quan was still alive, had plenty of capable officers and the catfight as you say so well, hadn't started. Still Wu's reaction was to post troops at the Shu frontier, preventing them to use their full troops to attack Wei and representing a direct threat to them. In other words, Wu reinforced that blocus situation. That in turn, led to time passing without anything happening from Wu, and in time Sun Quan would eventually die. That is when internal dissention came up and ruined Wu's politic.
Didn't Sun Quan invade Wei about 11 times in his life? Between Yi Ling and Zhuge Liang's death, Wu fought 3 defensive camapigns (not counting Peng Qi) against Wu and 6 (counting aiding Meng Da, counting ambush on Wang Ling as offensive) offensive camapigns against Wei. Possibly 7. Obviously that doesn't include the aggressive drive south as far as the ill-fated invasion of Taiwan.
Wu were aggressive against Wei. It is just some of the camapigns sucked and the novel ignored Wu as a general rule. Perhaps Wu were put in a bad position at Chi Bi becuase they were not aggressive enough in Jing so there is a case there but don't believe Wu can be considered overly cautoius during the timeline Tokugawa Liang is discussing. I can also see the argument that Wu's invasion of Jing 219 greatly hurt Wu/Shu's chances and was a mistake, the troops on the borders though probably didn't hinder either and was more a sign of the 219 issue then a problem itself.
Wu couldn't make headway against Wei but it hit a long decline due to the heir crises, just when Sun Quan seemed to go senile, an unstable court that led to infighting that even Quan struggled to control, weak or incompetent emperors and their last gasp hope in Sun Hao being corrupted by power.
“You, are a rebellious son who abandoned his father. You are a cruel brigand who murdered his lord. How can Heaven and Earth put up with you for long? And unless you die soon, how can you face the sight of men?”
Tokugawa Liang wrote: I meant from the time point when Zhugr liang led his first invasion. At that time Yiling was already done. Since then Zhuge Liang had time to lead 5 invasions of Wei, and at that time, correct me if I'm wrong but Sun Quan was still alive, had plenty of capable officers and the catfight as you say so well, hadn't started. Still Wu's reaction was to post troops at the Shu frontier, preventing them to use their full troops to attack Wei and representing a direct threat to them. In other words, Wu reinforced that blocus situation. That in turn, led to time passing without anything happening from Wu, and in time Sun Quan would eventually die. That is when internal dissention came up and ruined Wu's politic.
Wait how do you know that Wu posted troops at the Shu frontier? Where is this stated? I know that after Liu Bei's death Shu posted troops at the frontier with Wu so it would make sense. Still i would really appreciate knowing where you found out this info.
''I've never fought for anyone but myself. I've got no purpose in life. No ultimate goal. It's only when I'm cheating death on the battlefield. The only time I feel truly alive.'' ~Solid Snake
Dong Zhou: I was ignorant of the 11 campaigns as you say, and it is possible that the louo Guanzhong novel overlooked Wu a bit
Elitemsh: the novel by Louo Guangzhong indicates that Wu posted troops in a commandery near the frontiers with Shu.
Still it rises another question from me. Kingdoms long divided tend to unite, therefore, though Sun Quan founded a new dynasty, it was still part of the Han pire, what was the interest of expanding south? Using troops, time and resources in wars in the south, even as their northern borders where threatened. Had Wu not better (try to) re-conquer the Han territory and eliminate other rivals, than advance in the south, warring against tribes that were not a great threat anyway and did not present a particular advantage other than expand a territory? Therefore do I think that having the blocus situation, he could make his wars in the south. Would Wu have more interest in hot, difficult lands in the south than the fertile plains in the north?
The same, what interest did Liu Bei have in the southern territories of Meng Houo. The ling of Nanman sai it himself: if he could live in peace on his own lands he would not have disturbed Shu!
Tokugawa Liang wrote: though Sun Quan founded a new dynasty, it was still part of the Han pire, what was the interest of expanding south?
I doubt Sun Quan viewed Wu as part of the Han dominion, especially since he'd formally established the dynasty after Han's formal dissolution. That said, I doubt he ever had any real loyalty to Han even when he was nominally a subject of the Emperor. Sun Ce likely felt the same way, and so did Sun Jian, at least after the breakup of the coalition.
Wu probably expanded south for the same reasons Russia expanded east, though more dangerous rivals lay in the opposite direction. As you said, it was often easier to conquer. I'd bet many conquests weren't planned campaigns. For example, a Yue raid on a Wu village would prompt Wu's retaliation, culminating in the annexation of the Yue land, and an influx of Han Chinese settlers.
The South was also relatively undeveloped territory with massive potential. Look at China today-the richest province is not Henan, where Wei was centered, but Guangzhou, where Wu spent much of its existence developing. Zhejiang and Fujian are also rich provinces, and those regions have, I believe, been relatively wealthy ever since Han Chinese settled there.
Wu had to develop these regions for the sake of its economy. Can't fight without money, and you can't get money without resources and the ability to support a large population. They developed the South for the same reasons America developed the West. And they succeeded-the south before Wu was a backwood. After, it often eclipsed the North as the political, economic and cultural center of Chinese civilization. Not too long after Jin united the kingdoms, it was invaded by the Wu Hu. Jin survived only by retreating south of the Chang Jiang (Yangtze), and only because Wu had developed the land enough for them to rebuild.
Trade was also important. Expanding south gave Wu the chance to seize control of the maritime trade routes connecting China with India, Persia, and Rome. It's possible that this could've even them a leg up on Wei, as the land route was more contentious and less controllable.
I believe de Crespigny's Generals of the South might have more info you might like, as might this section of the Weilue (with added commentary) I posted on this thread: viewtopic.php?f=5&t=21573&p=569644#p569644
I'll warn you, though, the bastard translator used Wade-Giles. The link at the top of my post over on that thread has all the surviving Weilue, I believe.
I don't write fanfic, but if I did it would involve Zhou Yu and Zheng He fighting to win the heart of Lai Choi San. Then I'd make them join forces to fight Ming the Merciless, who secretly works for Master Li. I'd squeeze Lu Bu in there somehow.
From Zong Yu's sgz At the occasion of Zhuge Liang’s death, Wu became worried that Wei would take advantage of the situation and invade Shu, and thus she increased the guard force at Baqiu by ten thousand soldiers – first for saving Shu [if necessary], but also in preparation to carve up the land [should Shu fall]. When Shu heard about it, she increased the defences at Yong’an as well just in case.
Tokugawa Liang wrote: Dong Zhou: I was ignorant of the 11 campaigns as you say, and it is possible that the louo Guanzhong novel overlooked Wu a bit
Way more then a bit. Turned Wei's biggest rival into a third wheel. TMB addressed the Wu south question far better then I ever could
Former Celtic player Mo Camara believes that Kieran Tierney could play for a top Premier League club. The highly sbo128 talented left back is already one of the best players in the Scottish Premiership and Camara’s comments are hardly surprising. Tierney has been linked with a move to the Premier League and there is no doubt that he has sbo128 the ability to make the step. Camara believes that the Celtic star could play for a top five/six club in the Premier League. He added that Celtic will not want to sell their prized asset but he is likely to leave for big money in the future as the player sbo128 will want to test himself at a higher level.
He said: “He’s a very good left-back – he will go for big money if and when Celtic decide to sell. It’s one of those where the fans, manager and the chairman — none of them will want Tierney sold.
Realistic is a much better setting, so I will go through the tutorial. It is a little confusing where you can change this setting and where not. Im used to the good old PC IL-2 which was much less restricted, more intuitive and flexible.
BTW: I finished an upgrade of my HOTAS today and will include some pictures in progress tomorrow morning. Now I have an analog joystick on top for viewing, and have wired up the Attack command to a throttle button.
Hands on throttle and stick . Means you don't need to take your hands off of your controls to activate anything, because you have enough buttons on it. X52 is a good example.
that would be pretty handy for bop i mean instead of contorting my arms crossed to press the target look button
Rewiring of an Aviator just to swap button functions should be fairly easy, and nothing near the mess i will show you in the pics. I have taken an old PC gaming gear from the nineties and completely wired up all buttons and potentiometers to the inputs of a wireless X360 controller.
After another night of flying (tutorial on realistic with landing) I must say that this game really grows on me ! Its so rewarding to down a few BF109s after a long intense dogfight with spins and near crashes, then head home for a rough but safe landing. Brilliant !
The only bug-issue i came across was a total system hang in the menu just after successfully completing the tutorial. Have had one before already. Any clues ?
identifying fact and opinion worksheet answers distinguishing from worksheets for grade 3,identify fact or opinion worksheet distinguishing from worksheets for grade 3 identifying between and comprehension task,identify fact or opinion worksheet and worksheets identifying distinguishing from for grade 3,identifying fact or opinion worksheets distinguishing between and comprehension task from for grade 3 worksheet answers,identifying fact and opinion worksheets grade the best image collection download distinguishing from worksheet answers for 3,identify fact or opinion worksheet free printable worksheets made by identifying and answers,identifying fact and opinion worksheets identify or worksheet vs high school for all download,distinguishing fact from opinion worksheets for grade 3 and worksheet activities reading bias identifying answers,language arts a multimedia mini lesson for distinguishing fact and identifying opinion worksheet answers identify or worksheets,identify fact or opinion worksheet distinguishing from worksheets for grade 3 is it a an and identifying.
Rick Warren has been a controversial figure as of late. Personally, I was thrilled that Obama chose him for the inaugural prayer because I can feel Warren's sincerity in his speeches and books, and I believe he is a man who truly tries to follow God's Word. Warren's prayer yesterday did not disappoint: I had tears streaming down my face as he spoke to our Father. His sentiments were perfect, his phrasing flawless. This opinion may not be a popular one, but the things of Christ usually aren't.
Almighty God, our Father, everything we see and everything we can’t see exists because of you alone. It all comes from you. It all belongs to you. It all exists for your glory.
History is your story. The Scripture tells us, “Hear O Israel, the Lord is our God. The Lord is One.” And you are the compassionate and merciful one. And you are loving to everyone you have made.
Now, today, we rejoice not only in America’s peaceful transfer of power for the 44th time. We celebrate a hingepoint of history with the inauguration of our first African American president of the United States. We are so grateful to live in this land, a land of unequaled possibility, where the son of an African immigrant can rise to the highest level of our leadership. And we know today that Dr. King and a great cloud of witnesses are shouting in heaven.Give to our new President, Barack Obama, the wisdom to lead us with humility, the courage to lead us with integrity, the compassion to lead us with generosity. Bless and protect him, his family, Vice President Biden, the cabinet, and every one of our freely elected leaders.
Help us, O God, to remember that we are Americans, united not by race, or religion, or blood, but to our commitment to freedom and justice for all. When we focus on ourselves, when we fight each other, when we forget you, forgive us. When we presume that our greatness and our prosperity is ours alone, forgive us. When we fail to treat our fellow human beings and all the earth with the respect that they deserve, forgive us. And as we face these difficult days ahead, may we have a new birth of clarity in our aims, responsibility in our actions, humility in our approaches, and civility in our attitudes, even when we differ.
Help us to share, to serve and to seek the common good of all. May all people of good will today join together to work for a more just, a more healthy and a more prosperous nation and a peaceful planet. And may we never forget that one day all nations and all people will stand accountable before you. We now commit our new president and his wife, Michelle and his daughters, Malia and Sasha, into your loving care.
I humbly ask this in the name of the one who changed my life, Yeshua, Isa, Jesus [Spanish pronunciation], Jesus, who taught us to pray:
“Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen.”
This will be my prayer for our nation, as well. Let's do everything in our power to further the feelings of unity and goodwill that we experienced yesterday.
Post Archives May 2015 (1) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (2) April 2014 (1) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (1) May 2012 (1) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (1) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (1) July 2011 (1) May 2011 (1) April 2011 (1) February 2011 (2) December 2010 (1) August 2010 (2) June 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) February 2010 (1) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (2) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (1) June 2009 (1) May 2009 (2) April 2009 (3) March 2009 (1) February 2009 (3) January 2009 (5) December 2008 (4) November 2008 (4) October 2008 (8) September 2008 (5) August 2008 (4) February 2008 (1) January 2008 (1) December 2007 (1) September 2007 (3) July 2007 (1) May 2007 (1) February 2007 (3) November 2006 (1) August 2006 (1) July 2006 (1) June 2006 (1) April 2006 (1) March 2006 (1) February 2006 (1) January 2006 (1) December 2005 (1) November 2005 (1) October 2005 (1) September 2005 (2) August 2005 (3) July 2005 (1)
Angela Watson (formerly Powell) is the creator of The Cornerstone, a collection of interrelated print and online resources that make teaching more effective, efficient, and enjoyable. She currently works as an Educational Consultant based in NYC.
Check out my new book of teacher devotions, "The Awakened Devotional Study Guide for Christian Educators"
Free classroom management resources that make teaching more effective, efficient, and enjoyable! Photos, activities, printable forms/posters, and more.
The painting subject is from a drawing done in one of the one-a-day drawing books I kept from 1969 to 1974. The drawing depicted 36 soldiers, drawn from above in a grid & getting progressively more abstract.
I find hard to keep up with emails I get sent everyday so now I have a formspring account where you can post all your questions and comments and I'll reply as soon as possible. Cheers x
Thinspiration pictures: Listen closely: the only time it's too late to change yourself is when you're dead. Until then, you're simply making excuses or lying to yourself.
Listen closely: the only time it's too late to change yourself is when you're dead. Until then, you're simply making excuses or lying to yourself.
Terms for this particular article are currently diamond jewelry, ancient jewelry design, work, visuallization.
For those who have a symbol in your mind for the little bit of religious jewelry that you would like to buy, be certain that you will be in a position to procure it. Where you truly get to enter and design your own part of jewelry. Thus even you may like to purchase a dependable little bit of jewelry and accept a tremendously low quality, you will not be let down.
To be especially cautious, some on-line jewelry buyers limit their browsing to the big and well-known jewelry sites. The most common destination to purchase and sell jewelry is likely to be the retail stores where you reside. Over the past few years, such a jewelry have turned out to be a great deal in demand that several foreign brands designers have begun to sell their jewelry though online retailers.
Keywords for this document are currently jewelry articles, ancient jewelry design, artwork, ingenuity.
car accident lawyer Beverly Hills Los Angeles 90211 California CA | car accident lawyer Sierra Madre Los Angeles 91024 California CA
Phone: (727) 451-6900 How Much is My Case Worth? If I could give more stars I would We Have A Full Time Doctor-Lawyer On Our Staff. 10 N Dearborn, Suite 500 Conducting a thorough investigation of your case to determine how your injury occurred and who should be held legally accountable for the harm you have suffered. NO-FAULT CAR ACCIDENT LAWS What Happens During A Car Accident Lawsuit? CASSANDRA CASTELLANO-LOMBARD What Our Clients are Saying... Personal Injury Protection Fairfield, Iowa After an accident, our firm will explore all possible avenues for recovery of compensation for your injuries. You may be entitled to compensation through: Disclaimer* Robert E. Caldwell Newark, NJ 07102 Bold labels are required. If you or a loved one has been injured in an accident, speak with our legal team. Los Angeles Office Motorcycle crashes Miscellaneous An aggressive insurance adjuster might even try to record your acceptance of the offer over the phone, attempting to block you from subsequently consulting with an attorney. It’s questionable whether a recorded settlement would hold up in court, but you’re unnecessarily creating a significant hurdle for yourself. Bicycle accidents are common, especially in the Bay Area where citizens use bikes to commute. Typically we see cases where a car hits a bicyclist causing serious injuries. GJEL has helped hundreds of bicyclists get the compensation they deserve after a bicycle accident, whether you were hit by a car or injured due to gross negligence. (310) 405-7111 Car vs. motorcycle accidents Crane Accidents Wrongful death attorneys Contact Our Richmond Car Accident Lawyers Today Instagram Providence 2016-02-27 Palmdale Fairfield, Iowa NOLODRUPAL-web1:DRU1.6.12.2.20161011.41205 Our client, a 36 year old mother of 3, was involved in a “t-bone” car accident at a 4-way stop sign intersection off the 15 freeway in Victorville when the other driver ran his stop sign and crashed into our client’s driver side door. Our client suffered broken bones and internal injuries, and the other […] Colorado’s Premier Car Accident Attorneys $452,677.96 Appleton, WI Office Details* Sign up to get interesting news and updates about the personal injury field delivered to your inbox. Compensation culture Oak Creek, W Brooklyn Personal Injury Attorney How did the accident occur? Did it happen because of a defect in one of your cars? Community Support Gathering Evidence What is Tennessee Doing to Combat the Rise of Distracted Driving? Our Clients Injury Cases Handled Call us today to speak with an experienced personal injury attorney. San Francisco Office Cook County, IL West Palm Beach Car Accident Lawyer Get Answers 1225 Franklin Avenue, Suite 325 Verona, WI Visit our Car Crash Facts and Statistics page to learn more about the most common factors in California car accidents. 631.451.7900 Automobile accidents Contactenos Atraves De Cualquiera Oficina To prove a road defect was present or that there was a design or manufacturing defect, you need an experienced car accident attorney. Talk to a Lawyer July 2012 Services FAQs Oregon Avoid gestures Schedule a free consultation today by calling or filling out our online contact form. Our dedicated personal injury attorneys can meet with you in Columbia, Rock Hill, Myrtle Beach, Charleston, or anywhere else in South Carolina. We can come to your home or hospital room, wherever is most convenient. Side Impact Collision Consulting Categories: Lawyers by typeTort lawMedical lawPersonal injury San Francisco, CA 94107 “Mr. Guss was wonderful. He fought hard against the insurance company to get us what we deserved. I went from owing almost $5000 in medical bills to actually getting money in my pocket. Absolutely Amazing!!!!! A big thank you from me and my family!!!” See what past clients have to say: Oceanside Team Rochelle, IL TEXT Miracles in Moon With Rocky Bleier and Jim Leyland It can be difficult to apply all of this information to the facts of your case without the help of an experienced attorney. Our Wisconsin car accidents lawyers have extensive experience representing people who have been hurt in car crashes in settlement negotiations and at trial, and we have a successful track record. If you would like to schedule a free consultation at one of our conveniently located Wisconsin offices in Milwaukee, Appleton, Green Bay, Madison, or Wausau, then please call us today at 1-800-800-5678 or start a live chat with us now. Car Accident Jump up ^ Weissman, Herbert N.; Debow, Deborah M. (2003). Ethical Principles and Professional Competencies. Handbook of Psychology. John Wiley & Sons, Inc. pp. 3:33–53. ISBN 047138321X. Retrieved 3 December 2017.
Last Name 111 South Calvert Street, Suite 2700 It is essentially risk-free hiring one of our San Jose personal injury attorneys. Harris Personal Injury Lawyers works only on a contingency fee basis. This means, that we do not get paid unless we win your case. We have a vested interested in your recovery, as we do not get paid until you do. San Jose is a community we are happy to be a part of. Texting While Driving Accidents When you call Briskman Briskman & Greenberg for a free consultation, you will speak directly to an experienced attorney in Chicago, usually one of the firm’s principals, who will assess the facts of your situation and advise you of your rights. Don’t delay getting your free legal consultation: if you fail to pursue your claim in a timely fashion, you could forever lose your rights. Jun 25, 2018 Where police reports can be tarnished by poor reporting, state traffic laws provide a more reliable barometer in situations like who had the right of way in a four-way stop or whether the driver’s right turn on red was illegal. Just remember that these laws change state to state and if you experience an accident while visiting a friend or relative on the other side of the country, make sure you familiarize yourself with their traffic laws so that easy-to-avoid accidents don’t end up ruining your vacation. 501(c)(3) Application what are the legal rights and responsibilities? Electrical Shock and Electrocution Accidents WHY CHOOSE US Date published: 04/21/2015 Helpful Videos Were You a Passenger in a Taxi Accident? Vernon Hills, Illinois Historical data and analysis for the key drivers of this industry Confirm Once they are notified of your accident, representatives from either your insurance or the at-fault party’s insurance company may contact you. It’s best if you avoid speaking with them. Innocent comments can be manipulated to make it look like the accident was your fault or used to claim that your injuries aren’t severe. They may also try to pressure you into quickly signing a settlement worth far less than you actually need. Gair, Gair, Conason, Rubinowitz, Bloom, Hershenhorn, Steigman & Mackauf was named as Lead Counsel for the case involving fire at Stouffer's Hotel in Westchester County. We represented the estates of 11 members of the Board of Directors of a Fortune 500 Company killed in the fire. Case settled for more than $50,000,000. Retaining a lawyer immediately following a car accident can make the difference between keeping your life on track and facing thousands in medical bills. If you were involved in a car accident, seeking medical attention and focusing on your recovery should be your first step. Contacting and hiring a personal injury attorney is a very important second step. What happens if I file a lawsuit? Interview with Brad Clark Framingham, MA 01701 John Yannone – Price Benowitz Updated April 13, 2012 You should always contact an attorney if you have been injured in an accident and may be partially at-fault for the accident. An attorney can help protect you against counterclaims and cross-claims by the other parties who were involved in the accident. Awards and Recognitions Lake in the Hills, Illinois California Car Accident Laws Of the 16 million people licensed to drive in Florida, 2 million of those people are in the Miami-Dade region. Take on top of that the millions of visitors that Florida receives each year from snowbirds and tourism, and the recipe for a serious car crash is complete. In fact, more than 50,000 people are seriously injured in the Miami-Dade region on any given year. These car wrecks can be caused by dangerous conditions, distracted driving, road hazards, defective cars, and more. HOW A NASSAU COUNTY PERSONAL INJURY LAWYER CAN HELP [] While many personal injury cases are settled outside of court, a settlement requires strategic negotiation skills. Our attorneys have ample experience, superior negotiation tactics and a solid reputation for skillfully negotiating on your behalf to get you the settlement you deserve. car accident lawyer Los Angeles Los Angeles 90103 California CA | car accident lawyer Wilmington Los Angeles 90744 California CA car accident lawyer Los Angeles Los Angeles 90103 California CA | car accident lawyer Carson Los Angeles 90745 California CA car accident lawyer Los Angeles Los Angeles 90103 California CA | car accident lawyer Carson Los Angeles 90746 California CA
The Biodegradation and Surfactants Database (BioSurfDB) is a curated relational information system currently integrating 14 metagenomes, 137 organisms, 73 biodegradation relevant genes, 62 proteins and 6 of their metabolic pathways; 29 documented bioremediation experiments, with specific pollutants treatment efficiencies by surfactant producing organisms; and a 46 biosurfactants curated list, grouped by producing organism, surfactant name and class and reference.
Our goal is to gather published and novel information on the identification and characterization of genes involved in Oil Biodegradation and Bioremediation of polluted environments and provide it in a curated way together with a series of computational tools to aid biology studies.
I'm using the 5nine converter to convert VMWare ESXi and vSphere 4 Enterprise over to Hyper-V. On step 4 (Select Host) in the 'Target Hyper-V host name or IP address'. I put the machine name where Hyper-V is running and get the following errors.
I've tried with the IP address and get the same response. I know it says Invalid namespace but what name should I put into
It seems that you are converting to Hyper-V 2008 R2 SP1, please use "EasyConverter2008_R2_SP1.ZIP", that is located inside 5nine V2V Easy Converter "main" archive.
I know this is an old thread, however, the error is not old and I am receiving the same exact error. I've used both EasyConverter options and I am still receiving the same error, any ideas?
If this does not help, please check if there is a convertorTrace.log file within the program's folder, or just make a screen shot of the error, that you get.
Support for ESXi 5 and above is limited by this version. Is there any reason for you for not to be using free Microsoft Hyper-V Server 2012 R2?
Please make sure, that you are running 5nine V2V Easy Converter on a destination Hyper-V host under Administrator's account and try to shutdown your VM before the conversion, if it doesn't help, please attach a screen shot of your error.
Chris Roberts talks to Chris Joslin and Cody Cepeda about their upcoming matchup. The battle airs tomorrow at 8:00 a.m. PST.
This was my first visit and I really enjoyed the massage. My friend and I called the same day and they were able to get us in a couple of hours later. I forgot my massage therapist's name but she was awesome. I highly recommend getting the massage that includes the hot stones. I like this massage place as compared to your typical massage businesses because they incorporate a lot of stretching. At the end of the massage, they spend about 5 minutes or so stretching your arms, legs, back and neck. It was amazing!
Specialized massage tables and chairs are used to position recipients during massages. A typical commercial massage table has an easily cleaned, heavily padded surface, and a horseshoe-shaped head support that allows the client to breathe easily while lying face down and can be stationary or portable, while home versions are often lighter weight or designed to fold away easily. An orthopedic pillow or bolster can be used to correct body positioning.
You definitely need to make an appointment. Thai massages are amazing, but if you've never had one be aware they put a lot of pressure on your back. They step on it, use elbows, anything they can to get to the problem. Yes, you will be sore the next day, and maybe the day after. But I assure you I only need to do this once a month as a necessary "mom massage." Being of Thai descent I can tell you they do an amazing job and worth every penny.
I made my appointment last minutes for my sister bday present, the owner was very helpful and happily squeezing us in their pack schedule. She was very considerate and went out of her way to make sure we got the right masseuse according on how we would like our massage. We felt welcomed from the beginning when we got there to the end of our visit. The room was very relaxing, clean, and orderly. Fresh robes were also provided while waiting. The masseuse was perfect, asked through out the whole process to make sure they were giving the right pressure. The owner even checked in on us to make sure we were well taken care of. Before we left we were offered tea and the ginger tea was decadent . Thanks to this great experience I had recommended them to my friend and myself to visit them monthly. Ps: they give a lot of time for you to prepare urself, and since the decoration is so adorable we took some picture just for the fun of it
I had a great experience here. I have some problems with shin splints and tight muscles in my legs from playing soccer. I went here specifically because they offered a deep tissue massage which would help with that. I got there without an appointment and I was able to get an appoint in the next 10 minutes which was awesome. I was a little worried that the girls would not be able to massage my muscles strong enough, but boy was I wrong! They definitely know what they’re doing and massage just hard enough to get all the knots out, but not too hard to make it painful. The girl who massaged me also had some kind of intuition for exactly where the knots were and was able to target them really well. I think I will go here more often to help out my leg muscles.
Relax your mind and body with traditional Thai herbal treatment. The session begins with sensuous foot spa & reflexology, followed by Thai-style deep massage with herbal heat therapy and a soothing aroma massage then herbal exfoliating massage This makes for a great spa getaway with your significant other without leaving San Francisco. 2 hrs. / $365 - for couple (gratuity included)
If you are looking for a massage centre in Barcelona where you can isolate from noise and stress, Thai Spa Massage is the best option. Probably the best place to enjoy a Thai massage, since not only the therapists are specialized in centuries-old treatments and proven effectiveness, but the environment is cared for down to the last detail so that you can move mentally to the heart of Asia.
Experience the exotic! Established in 2006, our Honolulu, Century Center location provides licensed professional service in rooms with comforting ambiance, harmoniously combining traditional Thai atmosphere with modern architecture and incredible views. All your moments will be filled with affinity, safety and relaxation all espousing Thai-cultural hospitalities. www.siamthaimassage-spa.com Call for a reservation: 808-343-4910 1750 Kalakaua Ave. Apt#2603 Honolulu, HI 96826
A couple days after the Thai massage, my back pain seemed worse than ever. I updated my review and was almost immediately contacted my Siam. They really care about how their customers feel! We spoke and she suggested I try the aroma massage instead. Thai massage just isn't for everyone I think! Also, I really didn't know what I was getting myself into and probably didn't need strong pressure. Anyway, I came back for the aroma which is like a combination of Swedish & Thai - it was great. All the stretching and deep muscle work of Thai with the relaxation of a Swedish massage. I'll definitely be back for another! Thanks Siam Orchid!
Traditional Thai Medicine (TTM) was developed over thousands of years ago. Influenced by ancient Indian Ayurveda and Chinese practices, it includes proper nutrition, physical exercise, medicinal herbs and therapeutic massage. Traditional Thai Massage, or Nuad Phaen Boran, is based on pressure points along energy (sen) lines of the body which power physical, mental and emotional processes. Energy imbalances can disrupt the body’s harmony causing pain and disease. Our practitioners massage along energy (sen) lines and use Thai medicinal herbs to break energy blockage, stimulate circulation and restore health & well-being.
I'd been in Tokyo, Japan for four days and have done extensive walking. I had been feeling pain to my feet and hip. I finally decided to Yelp a place and saw good reviews. I made my appointment through Yelp. Make sure you give them the day, time, name and type of service on your first communication. It's helpful...I finally came here and felt so much more flexible and the pain on my hip is gone. My feet may require rest to not feel anything but certainly feel so much better. The staff is wonderful and are very careful with the stretches they do. I highly recommend to make the trip here. Is worth it!
We are rated one of the best spas in Houston for men and women, as we provide services and sessions for individuals and parties with various Aromatherapy Massages in our modern therapy tubs, Foot Reflexology, Hot Stone Therapy, Weight Loss Therapy, Skin Care Treatments and Deep Hydrating Facials including Microdermabrasion. This is the most natural way to evenly and safely exfoliate the skin without chemicals or laser and is one of the most requested non-invasive cosmetic procedures.
As she continued to take courses and practice, though, Thai massage began to work on her. Rosler had an eye-opening moment as she was practicing a common Thai massage stretch. Squatting on her toes behind her seated client, Rosler placed her knees into the client’s back.With her hands on the client’s shoulders, she pulled the client backward over her knees, similar to a passive cobra stretch in yoga. Rosler realized, to her surprise, that she was securely in a squat position, without knee pain.
I picked this place to treat my best friend to a massage for both of us on her birthday due to the 5 stars review. The good news is that my friend had a blissful experience and really enjoyed her massage, which was the most important part of the experience, especially since this was for her birthday. However, since I am the one writing this review, I will write out my experience.
A deep tissue massage is intended to alleviate pain and tension hidden deep within the muscle tissues. You can expect an intense therapy session. Please note that deep tissue massages are not intended to be a gentle and soothing experience, although they are meant to reduce pain. If you’re looking for a lighter, more soothing massage, we recommend a traditional relaxation massage.
Mission: Our mission is to provide our clients peace, relaxation, and well-being of body, mind, and spirit through the healing power of traditional Thai massage. Our friendly, highly trained, and experienced staff will customize massage treatment to meet individual needs in our professional and comfortable environment thus providing an unforgettable massage treatment.
Went here to celebrate my anniversary with the hubs and local or not still loved the view! They welcomed us in quickly and were courteous and polite. It was our first Thai Massage and they literally massaged us from head to toe (we did the couples massage). If you are a light weight go with the light massage, if you are a heavy weight go with the light massage lol. My hubby was so relaxed he started snoring smh. Afterwards the only thing you will want to do is sleep. Trust Me! Immediately afterwards they unexpectedly gave us ginger tea. Best ginger tea I have ever had and with a strong, repeat strong kick to it. It was so perfect after the massage. If you are a professional relaxer or if you need a DEEP massage to get out those kinks definitely check them out!
In the recent report on Thai traditional massage, Yoopat et al. reported their observation on three varieties of Thai traditional massage and concluded that “some forearm fatigue was decreased significantly among the three massage techniques.”[1] In fact, Thai traditional massage is a widely used massage technique in Thailand and is presently accepted by the Thai Ministry of Public Health. The technique can be described to be a kind of acupressure massage. Kumnerddee noted that Thai traditional massage was effective in bringing about muscle relaxation but that the technique was inferior to the worldwide well-known Chinese acupuncture.[2]
I would say it's a fair estimate that I have gotten 100 plus massages in my lifetime. I don't recall a time getting massage this amazing. Admittedly, this is my first Thai massage ever so I don't know if this is just how it is. However, I can say and that it was easily in my top 3 best massages ever. I'm already excited to book my next appointment for this place. The service was so amazing that I actually signed up for a Yelp account just so I could leave this feedback. If you are looking for the best professional massage that you've ever had, book an appointment here.
I had a wonderful, relaxing massage at Siam Thai Massage over the weekend and I wanted to let everyone know about this hidden jewel new to Quincy. Siam Thai Massage just recently opened a few months ago so everything is clean and new there. I can't say enough about my experience there, from making my appointment to my massage, everyone was so friendly and professional. Looking forward to my next visit.
March Madness indeed. March was a busy month that contained flu's, cold weather, and extra cuddles but March is Birthday month for Mary so that means, as we locals would say, "go big or go home". We enjoy spa/massage experiences wherever it may be or what is offered; therefore, it was only right to treat her self - with a massage. Usually, it means I get to tag along for the experience; her birthday is a joy for all. Yay! Through the joys of social media, we noticed a few of our friends visiting a place named Siam Thai Massage & Spa, on a regular basis. It was our first time visiting but we called, booked a couples package and scheduled right away - As far as timing and flexibility, we were running a solid thirty minutes behind our appointment time but the staff at Siam Thai were gracious enough to start later with no interruptions to other customers.
In the end, I didn't feel any more relaxed than I did when I stepped in for our appointment. I seriously paid nearly $100 per person for this??? I've felt wayyy more blissed out after rigorous sessions of cardio and weight lifting and strength training at the gym than here. I don't think I'll be coming back, unfortunately. But I'm sure they don't need my business, they have plenty of other 5 star reviews from other reviewers here.
I had heard so many positive things about this place from friends, but am not really into the walking on my back and popping my joints scene so I avoided it. Fast forward to today my lower back was in so much pain I could barely move. My normal massage guy was booked, so I relented. BEST DECISION!! Noy eased by back pain, and eliminated knots I didn't even know I had. I will be going back here soon. Noy was magic.
A hot stone massage uses water-heated stones to apply pressure and heat to the body. Stones coated in oil can also be used by the therapist delivering various massaging strokes. The hot stones used are commonly Basalt stones (or lava rocks) which over time have become extremely polished and smooth. As the stones are placed along the recipient’s back, they help to retain heat which then deeply penetrates into the muscles, releasing tension.
Tui na is a branch of Chinese medicine, which looks at the underlying causes of pain and illness as well as the symptoms. Because Tui na massage can be very relaxing, it is particularly useful to relieve anxiety and stress, promote relaxation and aid sleep. Like other forms of massage, it can be used preventatively, to encourage the movement of Qi (vital energy) and Blood. Tui na can be used in conjunction with the other branches of traditional Chinese medicine such as Acupuncture.
Massage developed alongside athletics in both Ancient China and Ancient Greece. Taoist priests developed massage in concert with their Kung Fu gymnastic movements, while Ancient Greek Olympians used a specific type of trainer ("aleiptes")[25] who would rub their muscles with oil. Pehr Ling's introduction to massage also came about directly as a result of his study of gymnastic movements.
In South Africa, massage is regulated, but enforcement is poor. The minimum legal requirement to be able to practice as a professional massage therapist is a 2-year diploma in Therapeutic Massage and registration with The Allied Health Professions Council of SA (AHPCSA). The 2 year qualification includes 240 credits, about 80 case studies, and about 100 hours community service.
In addition there are many professional bodies which have a required minimum standard of education and hold relevant insurance policies including: the Federation of Holistic Therapists (FHT),[111] the Complementary Therapists Association (CThA),[112] and the Complementary Health Professionals (CHP).[113] In contrast to the CNHC these bodies exist to support therapists rather than clients.
The "Chinese Traditional Massages" was established in 2015, with over ten years of extensive experiences and came out of a need to specialize these Chinese Tui-Na and the Zhi Ya Massage Therapy methods for customers which have issues with their bodies and seek an alternative pain management and gain comfort, healing, pleasure. If you seek serious massages, we are doing them and prove it.
The founder of Thai massage and medicine is said to have been Shivago Komarpaj (ชีวกโกมารภัจจ์ Jīvaka Komarabhācca), who is said in the Pāli Buddhist canon to have been the Buddha's physician over 2,500 years ago. He is noted in ancient documents for his extraordinary medical skills, his knowledge of herbal medicine, and for having treated important people of his day, including the Buddha himself.[5]
Patrick Ingrassia, L.M.T., is the founder of the Nayada Institute of Massage and inventor of the Nayada Method and the BodySaver Bench. He has been teaching massage in the U.S., Canada, Costa Rica and Mexico for more than 20 years. Ingrassia developed the BodySaver Method of massage to address issues with injury and burnout that stop massage therapists from reaching their potential. He is a New York state-licensed massage therapist, Thai massage therapist and intructor, Kripalu-certified bodyworker, certified personal trainer and yoga teacher.
This is the real deal. Yes, the exterior (outside plaza) might make you think otherwise but trust me, the place is legit. Inside the room was clean; I liked how they had all white sheets and towels. Some massage places have darker sheets/towels which kind of grosses me out. Anyways, I went here based on my fellow yelpers' reviews and I was not disappointed. I've been having lower back pains, stiff neck and knotted shoulders (because I'm a stylist)....and let me tell ya, right after I was done with the 1.5 hour long massage, I felt like I was on a cloud. My back pain was gone and the lady loosened up all my knots. This is a Thai massage so just a little reminder that most of your massage is going to be done by feet, stepping on your back, etc.
My first time trying thai massage here and I I just love it.My right arms was giving me pain probably from my work,so I decided to try this place through one my my friend's recommendation.Now the pain is gone and I felt relaxed instantly! They serve pandan leaves hot tea after the massage which is so good!will definitely going back at least once a month.
Because of its emphasis on body work, joint release, and deep breathing, Thai massage is often considered comparable to yoga. Modern yoga practice often includes traditional elements intrinsic in Eastern religion, including spiritual philosophy, postures designed to keep the body fit, and varying facets of meditation. These elements are sometimes adapted to meet the needs of non-religious practitioners, who may be attracted to yoga by its utility as a relaxation technique or as a way to keep in good shape.
Massage used in the medical field includes decongestive therapy used for lymphedema[10] which can be used in conjunction with the treatment of breast cancer. Light massage is also used in pain management and palliative care. Carotid sinus massage is used to diagnose carotid sinus syncope and is sometimes useful for differentiating supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) from ventricular tachycardia. It, like the valsalva maneuver, is a therapy for SVT.[52] However, it is less effective than management of SVT with medications.[53]
I went in for a 30 min massage before boarding my Vegas flight for vacation. Although 30 min is much too short, I still think it was the equivalent of an hour massage anywhere else. I spent my entire vacation pain free and when I asked my daughter to give me a neck massage a week later, she said she couldn't locate any superficial knots, which was a first! I highly recommend this place. I told Summer exactly where to put pressure and she obliged. She's very strong and talented. My back was a mess, and it hurt like hell, but the good kind of pain where I felt the knots melting away. Also I was sore for a few days, but honestly I would take soreness any day over a stiff and knotted back. Fyi-The spa certificates they sell at Costco are ineffective, you end up paying the same amount. All in all amazing experience, do the 1 hour massage minimum - you won't be sorry!
After I come here my entire body hurts for a few days after. Once the pain goes away I feel the difference and how my back indeed feels much better. After 7-10 days the pain comes back and I try to get another massage (I don't always come here though). I have been here a few times, most of the times waking in and never requested anyone in particular. All therapists I had were great. The technique and the way the massage is done is very similar and everyone was very good.
Aquatic bodywork comprises a diverse set of massage and bodywork forms performed in water. This includes land-based forms performed in water (e.g., Aquatic Craniosacral Therapy, Aquatic Myofascial Release Therapy, etc.), as well as forms specific to warm water pools (e.g., Aquatic Integration, Dolphin Dance, Healing Dance, Jahara technique, WaterDance, Watsu).[31]
My massage therapy services are Thai Yoga Massage, Swedish Massage, Deep Tissue Massage,Herbal Compression, Hot Stone Massage and Warm Bamboo Massage Come and be pampered by our qualified therapist and experience the world of relaxation and rejuvenate yourself. My massage therapy is absolutely professional, legitimate, ethical and completely respectful in nature, no improper conduct will be tolerated.
Possibilities tickets: Ticket to take at Thai Airways – Departure Brussels Saturday 02 February at 1:10 pm – arrival at 6:10 in Bangkok. Many connections to Chiang Mai + 1 hour flight -Return Bangkok Sunday 17 February at 0.30 – arrival in Brussels on Sunday 17 February at 07.00.
After numerous recommendations I finally booked an appt. The staff was very attentive very knowledgeable and I feel like a million bucks. I have only had one other massage that compares and that was at one of the top massage houses in Japan I give them five stars. You won’t be disappointed my therapist name is Kitty don’t be fooled by her size she has some power in those fingers. Don’t make the same mistake I did and procrastinate call today for and appointment.
As an instructor, Burynski saw how the work benefited the students themselves, many of whom were massage therapists. “I realized that Thai massage could hold a key to career longevity for therapists,” she says. “When you are delivering downward pressure in a regular massage, you use your wrists, or biceps, for example, or other small muscles we can overuse.”
Sports injuries occur during any type of physical exercise, not just while playing a sport. Common sports injuries include tennis elbow, carpal tunnel syndrome, plantar fasciitis, lower back pain, torn ACL, torn ligaments, and sprains and strains. Improper use of weights or lack of proper equipment are often to blame. Other times, accidents happen. If we have fitness goals in mind, it can be easy to ignore our physical limitations. Sports massage helps alleviate the stress and tension which builds up in the body’s soft tissues during physical activity where minor injuries and lesion occur due to over exertion and/ or overuse. Massage can break them down quickly and effectively. Sports massage incorporates a combination of techniques including stretching, compression, friction, toning, and trigger point response technique similar to acupressure or shiatsu. This treatment tends to be deeper and more intense.
Proprioceptive studies are much more abundant than massage and proprioception combined, yet researchers are still trying to pinpoint the exact mechanisms and pathways involved to get a fuller understanding.[93] Proprioception may be very helpful in rehabilitation, though this is a fairly unknown characteristic of proprioception, and "current exercises aimed at 'improving proprioception' have not been demonstrated to achieve that goal".[94] Up until this point, very little has been studied looking into the effects of massage on proprioception. Some researchers believe "documenting what happens under the skin, bioelectrically and biochemically, will be enabled by newer, non-invasive technology such as functional magnetic resonance imaging and continuous plasma sampling".[92]
I have gotten a number of massages over the course of my life. None are in the same league as Siam Thai. The actual location atop the Century Center is well designed and calming. My masseuse was a woman named Amy. I requested hard pressuee, and boy did she deliver. For those that have not done had Thai massage before, it is unbelievably executed. The above was my original review which culminated in a 5 star rating. But I have to drop it to 4 stars now. I had bought a gift certificate off their website, which was to be emailed to my brother as a gift. However my brother never received the email. That is fine and understandable. However for the past couple days, they ignored my email, Yelp message and text message. I decided to call. On the phone they tried to dodge things still, which seemed questionable at best (possibly shady). However supposedly they will honor the order confirmation that I received. Again the issue is not that my brother did not receive the email. It was everything that followed.
Very rude. Customer service is non existent. They do not listen to what your needs are. The Prices change on a whim. Massages are cut short of full time. You can hear people in the lobby while in the massage room. This is not your typical relaxing massage therapy. The massage itself was nice and firm and cupping was done properly, but it isn't worth the highest prices in the area when they end early, treat you with a lack of respect, even yelling at you and other customers, and the yelling continues as you go into the massage room as the front desk answers phones because there is no music or sound proofing or attempt to speak to people at a reasonable volume. The woman at the front desk seems so aggravated and irritated that you are even there.
The company was started many years ago and has always served as Hawaii's Premier Thai Massage establishment since day 1. We welcome guests to a wide selection of massage styles, body treatments, and facials within the relaxing atmosphere of our advanced day spa facility. Call us at 808-343-4910 to explore the scope of our services and to learn about our current day spa packages and promotions. Your body will thank you!
We apologize but we did not get a message requesting for any appointment from you. The only “text” we received from you was “Aloha from Maui remember me?” and your selfie photo. We deal with a lot of professional clients on a daily basis who don’t play guessing games with us. But all in respect thank you for your review and sorry we missed you. Have nice day! Read more
Thai massage draws significant influence from India's ancient Ayurvedic traditions of medical practice. Ayurvedic medicine, also a holistic form of healing, plays an integral role in the practice of both Hinduism and Therevada Buddhism. Monks and similar practitioners of healing transmitted Ayurvedic techniques to Thailand some 2,500 years ago, thus giving birth to the wonderful phenomenon that is Thai massage.
When you are looking for massage therapy, be sure to check which type of massage a practitioner can provide. Match that with the benefits you hope to get from the massage session. You may want to chat with several different practitioners to find the one who understands your needs and is used to working with people with similar goals. Be sure also to discuss any allergies, such as to scents or plant oils, so your massage will be relaxing and beneficial without that concern.
After losing two days from airfare and layovers of 2 week vacation then exploring Tokyo for approx 72 hours non-stop, I felt exhausted and stressed all over the place and was in dire need of a thoroughly massage. The subway system in Tokyo is very convenient so distance was not too much of a factor. I found Erawan Thai massage on yelp then based my final decision to come here from everyone's reviews of a it being a quality place and offer deep / hard massages. I received a warm and friendly greeting at the entrance. The decor and smells was very relaxing and a sight to remind of a traditional Thai massage spot. I was lucky to get a same-day Thai massage because this place accepts appointments only. The place is moderately sized and I feel the clientele defaults to a 60 min which was what I took and was well worth it. I wish I took the 90 minute massage given the 60 alone took all the pain and stress away but I felt I haven't done enough damage vacationing all over Japan yet to warrant a 90. Per my appt request I requested a hard massage, this expectation was met plus she focused on my problem areas when she asked me before we started. I highly recommend especially if you're looking to get a quality massage to get the kinks away from a long flight, jet lag, or traveling. Please note it was somewhat difficult to find as it's entrance is tucked further into a building besides the video game store. When facing the video game store its to your right up the elevator to the 4th floor. It's helpful to look into their website because they offer various discounts!
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-based massage therapist Beth Brown also finds that practicing Thai massage can help her deal with her own pain and stress. “If I am holding stress—a headache, for example, or tightness in my shoulder—doing a Thai massage often takes my pain away,” she says. Often, too, after a long day of massage, giving a Thai massage at the end of the day will rejuvenate her, as a yoga or meditation class might.
I really wish I could give this place 5 stars. I really do. I came in with high expectations when I booked a reservation for both of us on a Monday after work. This is a beautiful space, and it feels like we've been transported to a calm, zen space that you would have never expected in the busy and dingy streets of the Civic Center area of San Francisco.
Thai massage works best when it’s tailored to the client. “I have had clients from ages 15 to 80,” Spivack says. “Each of their treatments will look very different, specific to their needs.” He has worked with those with whiplash and knee replacements, as well as those who are obese or frail. “For those individuals, I modify a lot of the poses and stretches, and always work with their comfort range,” he adds.
Hours later I'm ready for my relaxing massage and a few minutes in I realize thai massages are NOT my usual relaxing massage. The masseuse is literally kneeling on my back getting every single knot (and I have a lot of them!) out while I say "ouch" about every 3 seconds. She continues to tell me "relax" throughout the massage and I continue to respond with "ouch."
Thai massage has been practiced in America since the 1990s when Westerners began practicing it. Thai massage is more commonly found than it used to be at American spas, but you can't find it everywhere for two reasons. First, the spa needs a room with a large, padded mat in order to offer Thai massage. It's easiest if the room is always set up for Thai massage, and yet it is more of a specialty request. It just makes more economic sense to have the room set up with a table for a Swedish massage.
Thai traditional massage is a widely used massage technique in Thailand and is presently accepted by local Thai Ministry of Public Health. The technique is promoted but not well accepted internationally. There is a concern about the effectiveness as well as safety of this local wisdom. After a recent episode of concurrent acute heart attack and Thai traditional massage in a patient, the issue of possible adverse effects of Thai traditional massage is being widely discussed.
So if you read my previous reviews, you will see that I use to only see Summer....she answers the phone so its easy to ask her direct for an appt with her.....A month ago, Summer was gone for 2 weeks for Chinese New Year. Lily was still there so I ended up seeing her twice...and enjoyed it. When Summer got back, and to this day, I have yet to see her again for an appt. It almost seems like shes avoiding me....which might be okay, except after I had what can only be described as the WORST appt I have had...by far....given by Lily.
Our professional staff of hair and makeup artistry is the best, we have built a wonderful reputation over the years that have allowed us to open additional locations, and our employees are here to pamper you and your party like family in the Thai tradition. If you are looking for that calm relaxing and invigorating experience in an upscale environment, Thai Massage and Day Spas is the place to visit.
Siam Thai Massage is a therapeutic massage studio serving clients in the Quincy area. We provide excellent massages along with serious pampering, spa treatments, and a personal massager in a comfortable and relaxed atmosphere, all at an affordable price. Whether you're here for a specific medical condition or just a relaxing quality massage, you can rest assured that we will make you feel healthy, young, and refreshed all at the same time. Contact us today to book an appointment!
Structural Integration's aim is to unwind the strain patterns residing in the body's myofascial system, restoring it to its natural balance, alignment, length, and ease. This is accomplished by deep, slow, fascial and myofascial manipulation, coupled with movement re-education. Various brands of Structural Integration are Rolfing, Hellerwork, Guild for Structural Integration, Aston Patterning,[8] Soma,[60] and Kinesis Myofascial Integration.[61]
Practitioners typically use a variation of different sequences of techniques on clients, who are on the floor, on a mat, fully clothed, either in supine, seated, side or prone position. Thai massage typically works with compression, with practitioners using their feet, elbows, knees and hands to compress and stretch the client. Breath work accompanies the stretches, which often look like a form of passive yoga. “It’s like going to a massage therapist, yoga class and chiropractor,” says Jill Burynski, an Asheville, North Carolina-based massage therapist and Thai massage instructor.
In response to the business owner, I mentioned this on my call to her but there was no other strenuous or unusual movement of my neck during this period. I've also had to visit a chiropractor three times since coming back to the US due to the extreme pain, and he also affirmed that bad technique during the massage must be the reason (based on my alignment). Very poor experience, and I really wish Erawan would rethink their refund policy for situations like these, as this has become a very expensive massage due to the additional chiropractor expenses accrued.
One of the best massages of my life! We went here during our trip to Tokyo to celebrate my husband's birthday. I was able to easily schedule an appointment online and they were ready for us as soon as we arrived. They welcome you with tea and then show you to the massage area. We booked a 60 minute couples aromatherapy massage and it was glorious especially after the long flight. I highly recommend this place if you are visiting Tokyo
I am a sports chiropractor and sometimes my knowledge of the body can get in the way of a treatment since I am aware of muscles not getting addressed. Not the case here. I have been coming here since this establishment opened. All of the therapists I have had are very good. Especially Pam, who has a very deep and mature understanding of muscles and how to release them! I don't hesitate to refer my patients here when appropriate.
Massage Therapy is one of the oldest and simplest techniques to optimizing health and enhancing weight loss. It is a hands-on approach to wellbeing that acts on the muscular, nervous, circulatory and lymphatic systems. Regular massage treatments allow the body to remove toxins more effectively and help relieve post-exercise pain and recovery time. Treatments also enhance muscle flexibility, can improve workout performance and prevent injuries. By increasing your body temperature, massage therapy can increase your Basal Metabolic Rate: the rate at which your body burns calories. Multiple studies have found that regular massage therapy is effective for relieving pain, reducing stress levels and preventing and treating both acute and chronic muscular injuries. Studies have also concluded that massage therapy is an excellent supportive treatment for healthy weight loss and regular treatments can also reduce cellulite, body circumference and help tone muscles.
I found this place a few months ago and it has since become a favorite spa to visit. I have lived/worked in China many years and know exactly what high level, well-trained, quality Chinese bodywork is. I've had every style performed many, many times. I usually visit Lily. We are now good friends, can practice Chines/English together during our sessions and know each other well. From the very first time I came to Chinese Traditional Massage, Lily was very friendly, professional, found out about all my past surgeries and did a great appointment. I visit about once a week. I always look forward to seeing Lily and having another great visit with her. Hey laoban...Xia Yun anmo feichong, feichong hao he ta shi hen li mao. Wo juede Xia Yun hen mei li...ke yi le? Hao, Hao...Lily...xiexie...Ge Rui...wo de zhongwen mingzi.
One of the most remarkable healing techniques on the planet. Works with the pulses of the energy pathways known as meridians in Chinese medicine. The term tui na (pronounced "twee naw"), which literally means "pinch and pull," refers to a wide range of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) therapeutic massage and body work. People in the West may refer to Chinese massage as tui na.
This is the best massage i have ever had. It was the first Thai massage i have had and i was greatly surprised on all the techniques used. My hole body felt relaxed after she stretched my body, used hot stones, massaged , and walked on my back. The whole staff was professional and very friendly. I would highly recommend getting a massage from this business.
A Thai massage is an ancient form of healing that combines the concepts of yoga and energetic Chinese practices. About 2,500 years ago, Buddhism spread from India to Thailand. Along with this increasingly popular spiritual practice came a form of healing that had taken root in the community of Buddhists. When these new ideas reached the shores of Thailand, they mixed with the Chinese concept of the energetic body that was already being practiced.
This is possibly the best massage I have had. They are very welcoming and addressed all of my sore and tight muscles. It was extremely relaxing. It is very clean and professional. I will visit here when I'm in the area for sure. They are able to accept appointments to accommodate your schedule. They have a parking lot and it's very close to Woodfield mall.
If you've been jonesing for a change from your traditional Swedish massage, or you are particularly stiff or sore due to exercise or arthritis, Thai massage may be just what you're looking for. Unlike most massage modalities that utilize massage oils and require you to disrobe and climb under a sheet on a massage table, Thai massage is performed while you are fully clothed, usually on a padded mat on the floor.
I have been going to Metta Traditional Thai Massage for the past six months. I should have written a… I have been going to Metta Traditional Thai Massage for the past six months. I should have written a review sooner but I have to admit -- I would like to keep the place a secret for myself and the others who regularly go there. I started with a 90 minute session every other week and quickly increased to a 90 minute session weekly. For every session but one, I have seen Yupa. She is incredible! Besides being a sweet, generous and giving human being, Yupa has excellent massage skills. She is very intuitive about what areas require attention but nevertheless always asks before starting whether there are any changes since our last session or areas I want more work. I have formal training as a massage therapist so I am quite particular about who I see. I highly recommend Yupa (just don't book my session times- LOL). I can also recommend Supinya who covered for one session when Yupa was out of town.
Thai massage, long considered a medical treatment in Thailand, the therapist puts you through a series of stretches that cover the entire body. (That’s why it’s often called lazy man’s yoga.) You lie on a floor mat or on a table wide enough to accommodate the therapist, and you wear loose-fitting clothing (often supplied by the spa), because there’s no way a sheet can stay put during these moves—the therapist might kneel on the back of your legs and pull your arms to arch your back and open your chest, or place her shoulder under your heel to lift your leg and stretch your hamstring. Thai massage also includes deep-pressure point work to stimulate the sen, or the body’s energy pathways.
I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and I was inflammed and my back was spasms in pain so much I couldn't think or see straight. I knew i needed to find a place to get a massage on the way home and I read the reviews. I am so happy i went in!! Walk in are Welcome thank goodness!! I was taken to a room right away. I got the combination massage as i had never had a Thai massage before. It was perfect. The pressure was great. Very Clean place. Very nice staff. Combo massage was $70 for an hour!! Awesome prices. I tipped $30. They also do couple massage and body scrub or a combination of both. Hot stones included with the hour.
Our work is not an easy one but rewarding if we succeed in making our clients not just much better but decisively more happier. We pay attention to our clients if they let us do our craft, as you did, then we get these results if we do what we do best and that is our ancient ways to do the Tui-Na massage as it should be applied, but so many do not do.
Massage of Chinese Medicine is known as An Mo (按摩, pressing and rubbing) or Qigong Massage, and is the foundation of Japan's Anma. Categories include Pu Tong An Mo (general massage), Tui Na An Mo (pushing and grasping massage), Dian Xue An Mo (cavity pressing massage), and Qi An Mo (energy massage). Tui na (推拿) focuses on pushing, stretching, and kneading muscles, and Zhi Ya (指壓) focuses on pinching and pressing at acupressure points. Technique such as friction and vibration are used as well.[69]
I was pretty excited to visit Erawan based on the great reviews it received. However, the masseuse… I was pretty excited to visit Erawan based on the great reviews it received. However, the masseuse twisted my neck too hard (or in a wrong way?) during one of the Thai massage stretches. I woke up the next day with a ton of neck soreness, but I tried to shrug it off as normal post-massage soreness. But ever since the day after until now (5 days later), the pain has been excruciating and I've barely been able to move my neck. To make matters worse, I was here in Japan for my honeymoon so it made it really hard for me to enjoy the week. Visitors beware! Read more
A good massage is truly a treat and offers many health benefits, but as you've noted, massage places tend to offer lots of options on their services menus. In fact, there are over 200 different massage techniques and types, all treating different needs and providing various benefits. Let's break it down. Here are nine of the most popular types of massages and when you might want to choose them.
Massage in China is an extremely popular therapy, the city of Shanghai alone playing host to over 1500 foot massage centers while there are more than 3000 in Shenzhen. It is one of the biggest service industries in China with workers in Shanghai numbering in the tens of thousands.[17] The average rate of pay for a worker in the massage industry in China is over 10000 yuan per month, making it among the highest paid jobs in China’s service sector.[18] China’s massage parlors are frequently linked to the sex industry and the government has taken a number of measures in recent times to curb prostitution and the spread of disease. In a nationwide crackdown known as the yellow sweep ("Yellow" in Mandarin Chinese refers to sexual activities or pornographic content), limitations on the design and operation of massage parlors have been placed, going so far as requiring identification from customers who visit massage establishments late at night and logging their visits with the local police. [19][20]
Having been to Thailand and experiencing what a real deep tissue massage, this Thai spa is the closest you can get without actually going to Thailand. The wifey and I walked-in without an appointment on a Saturday afternoon and we were seen within 3 minutes. We both got the 60 minute deep tissue and they spent there time rubbing out all the knots. The masseuses spend a quite amount of time back walking utilizing Ashiatsu barefoot massage method. I was amazed that s he did get all the knots out in my calves that I never even knew were there. My legs felt like jelly after and noticeable wobbly the next day. When she did work on my upper back, she able to press out the knots above my shoulder blades, painful yet wonderful. The one thing my wife and I did not like was the bed did feel a bit damp and oily from past customers. Besides that fact, definitely worth the massage. You got spend a little more to get a real deep massage. Now I know the difference of going to those $20-30 massage spa's, you pay for what you get.
In the US, licensure is the highest level of regulation and this restricts anyone without a license from practicing massage therapy or by calling themselves that protected title. Certification allows only those who meet certain educational criteria to use the protected title and registration only requires a listing of therapists who apply and meet an educational requirement.[122] It is important to note that a massage therapist may be certified, but not licensed. Licensing requirements vary per state, and often require additional criteria be met in addition to attending an accredited massage therapy school and passing a required state specified exam (basically the certification requirements in many states). In the US, most certifications are locally based. However, as of March 2014, some states still do not require a license or a certification.[citation needed] However, this is thought to change eventually as more regulatory bodies governing the profession of massage are established in each state. Furthermore, some states allow license reciprocity where massage therapists who relocate can relatively easily obtain a license in their new state. Not all states provide this option.[123]
This is such an unusual place. Not sure how they got all these fabulous reviews. The first time I decided to try it, I called and made an appointment. The woman who answered the phone didn't really speak english, so when I told her that I wanted to make an appointment she kept saying "ok ok ok". I felt that she didn't understand. I showed up to the appointment the following day and the person at the front was so confused when I told her I had an appointment. Needless to say she begrudgingly took me back to a room and left. Another woman comes in and starts massaging. As she is massaging I notice loud chewing sounds. Turns out she was chewing gum loudly and popping it too! I had never experienced anything like that during a msaage! The massage itself was ok with deep pressure, and they offered cupping therapy. They never bother to ask you why you are there or what your preferences are. Even when I kept asking her to focus on my neck and shoulders she just tried to follow her own routine and seemed annoyed. I decided to give it another try, so called again to make an appointment, and sure enough a woman answered and seemed confused when I requested the appointment. I asked if summer was there since I read great reviews about her. The woman started yelling at me!!! Honestly this place is so shady and unprofessional, I don't know how hell they got all these supposed stellar reviews on multipe sites like tripadvisor and thumbtack. For 70$ you can find so many other wonderful, professional and attentive massage places in the area.
Been checking out different massage places looking for that "one"! I saw a review my friend did about this place and based on his comments, I had to bring my husband here to try it. I like that I could book my appointment using the yelp app, and Siam Thai responded right away. I requested for a 10:30a appt the following morning and was able to confirm a spot for myself and the hubster. The venue is easy to find, especially if you're using GPS, Waze or Google Maps. Tanya the Owner was great with the details of getting to the place and the parking situation. When we got in, there was a little misunderstanding on what type of appointment we set. I had requested 1 foot reflexology for me and 1 body massage for the hubby. They thought we were both getting a body massage and and then a foot reflexology. I see how this could have happen since the communication was with the owner instead of them. I liked that they put us both in the same room. After 5min's of my husband getting his massage, he knocked out!! I was surprised and not at the same time. I know his masseuse was just that good!! My masseuse was great, even though I only had a foot reflexology, it felt like my entire body got a massage. I felt relaxed and feeling so great! My husband couldn't stop raving about his massage and thai massage is now his favorite type! So, I would have given this place a 5 star as it deserves, however, I was turned off that my masseuse kept taking/making phone calls during our session. So much for getting that full relaxation experience. Not only was she on the phone, but she was trying to make conversation with the other masseuse...which she responded, but in a whisper tone. If not for this distraction, I would have given 5 stars.
9/9/2018 Thank you for your feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you feel that the massage made your neck… Thank you for your feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you feel that the massage made your neck stiff. It's uncommon for the body to react in this way after an aroma therapy massage. As we discussed before perhaps it was other contributing factors that caused your stiff neck. Read more
Although it was difficult to locate (go up the stairs and take the elevators on the side of the video gaming place), all the stress and tension went away after the massage. She did a great job focusing on my problem areas and I walked away from there feeling relaxed. They offer combination packages that are worth it so be sure to check out their website.
While various types of reflexology related massage styles focus on the feet, massage of (usually) the soles of the feet is often performed purely for relaxation or recreation. It is believed there are some specific points on the feet that correspond to different organs in the body.[who?] Stimulation of these points during foot massage can cause significant reduction in pain.[citation needed] Studies also suggest that foot reflexology massage can reduce fatigue and promote better sleep.[45]
Acupressure [from Latin acus "needle" (see acuity) + pressure (n.)[29]] is an alternative medicine technique similar in principle to acupuncture. It is based on the concept of life energy which flows through "meridians" in the body. In treatment, physical pressure is applied to acupuncture points with the aim of clearing blockages in those meridians. Pressure may be applied by fingers, palm, elbow, toes or with various devices.
We were taken to a room for our massage. We both had the same service, the Siam Orchid Retreat Massage. I consider myself able to withstand pretty hard massages, but I found my experience kind of painful. I hadn't expected my masseuse to use her whole weight on me, walk on me, etc. And when I made a pained noise, she kind of gave me an attitude saying, "Well, you said you wanted hard!"
Thailand culture is more than about music, painting and fine foods. It arises from a complex system of mutual respect and politeness that binds people together. Massage has a long tradition as a healing therapy and has been used by many different cultures for centuries to treat and relieve a wide range of disorders. Thai massage is based on thai medicine, an ancient holistic approach to healing the body-heart-mind-spirit. Thai medicine strives to treat the underlying cause of any illness by addressing imbalances in these three essences, not just the physical body. Massage is one of the easiest ways of attaining and maintaining good health and well being. It is healing instinct, innate of all of us, to rub an aching knee, or stroke a furrowed brow. Touch is so natural that without it people become depressed and irritable. Our sense of touch is registered by our skin, the largest and most sensitive organ. Throughout history people have used the power of touch from our hands to warmth, comfort and reassure. Massage has wonderful healing powers that even today's doctors largely support. Many of our customers are doctors
Mary, my masseuse, began on my upper back and worked her way down to my legs and then arms (my favorite part). And surprisingly, I had a lot of knots, especially on my upper back. There were these two knots that would not budge unless I got the really deeeeep massage (but my body's too weak). Mary tried her best to press out my knots without hurting me (thumbs up to her!). She put coconut oil over my body as she worked, making it easier for area transitions. The oil felt more like a lotion combination, smoothing and rejuvenating my skin. In the end, we were offered water or tea. Siam Thai definitely takes pride in caring for their customers!
Most types of massage, with the exception of some traditional Chinese medicine are not regulated in China. Although illegal in China, some of the smaller businesses are fronts for prostitution. J.K., anti-prostitution operation has established sting operations to combat the situation.[98] These are called falangmei (发廊妹 "hairdressing salon sisters").
In New Zealand, massage is unregulated. There are two levels of registration with Massage New Zealand, the professional body for massage therapists within New Zealand, although neither of these levels are government recognised. Registration at the Certified Massage Therapist level denotes competency in the practice of relaxation massage. Registration at the Remedial massage therapist denotes competency in the practice of remedial or orthopedic massage. Both levels of registration are defined by agreed minimum competencies and minimum hours.[104]
A considerable amount of privacy is allotted in most places offering Thai massage, making it an ideal solution for the individual who isn't quite up for the challenge of yoga. Let's face it, not everyone is equipped with the physique or poise necessary to squeeze into spandex and curl into the Downward Facing Dog position. Yoga, for the most part, is available in group sessions. Though spandex is not a requirement, it's not uncommon to practice among a variety of other adults, all of whom happen to be more flexible than you. For a more intimate experience, Thai massage manages to produce similar somatic results without the awkwardness of being observed by seemingly elastic peers.
This place is in a strip mall, so the first time, I wasn't sure what to expect. Inside, it is small, but comfortable. The massage, was wonderful. The rooms are private. My masseuse was incredible. People ask me what a Thai Massage is. I say it is similar to a regular massage, but with yoga where they do the work for you. They bend and stretch you to get all those kinks out. This has become one of my favorite massage parlors. I always leave feeling refreshed.
Fifth Avenue Thai Spa invites you to enjoy a relaxing day at our spa to experience peace and tranquility. We offer the finest treatments at reasonable prices. Our signature treatment, an Authentic Thai Massage has been a favorite among our clientele. Other popular services include facials, deep tissue massages, Swedish massages, manicures & pedicures, and waxing treatments.
Promotional value expires 120 days after purchase. Amount paid never expires. Appointment required. Limit 1 per person; may only redeem one of the deal options for yourself, any additional Groupons purchased for the other options must be given as gifts. Valid only for option purchased. May be repurchased every 180 days. Merchant is solely responsible to purchasers for the care and quality of the advertised goods and services.
Ayurvedic Massage known as Abhyangam in Sanskrit is one of the most common and important Ayurvedic therapies. According to the Ayurvedic Classics Abhayngam is an important dincharya (Daily Regimen) that is needed for maintaining a healthy lifestyle. The massage technique used during Ayurvedic Massage is known to stimulate the lymphatic system. The Ayurvedic Massage also stimulates production of lymphocytes which play a vital role in maintaining the immunity in human body. Thus regular Ayurvedic Massage can lead to better immunity and also help in body de-toxification. The other benefits of regular Ayurvedic Massage include pain relief, reduction of fatigue, prevention of ageing and bestowing longevity.[34][35]
I saw their ad in the "This Week Oahu" magazine while vacationing in Waikiki. Their price for a 70 minute couples massage was a lot cheaper than what it would cost at our hotel. So I did what I always do...I looked them up on yelp to check out their reviews. Since they had good ratings, I thought why not give them a try. I'm glad we did. This was the best massage I've ever had. My husband said the same. They not only massaged but they also stretched out our achy muscles. I also had been dealing with a left shoulder pinched nerve for more than 6 months causing discomfort when I moved my shoulder a certain way. After the session, I no longer felt that discomfort. I'm not sure if this is temporary or she fixed it but I was so happy to be able to move my shoulder again without any limitations or discomfort. My husband and I both felt so great afterwards. Totally worth it. You won't be disappointed.
Thai massage works your entire body. It's one of the most invigorating types of massages, as the therapist rigorously manipulates your body, moving it into yoga-like stretches. (It's sometimes referred to as "Yoga for the lazy".) The therapist uses every part of his or her body—hands, knees, legs, and feet—to not only stretch you but also apply pressure on your muscles and loosen your joints. You might even get walked on! This type of massage is both energizing and, at times, relaxing.
I received a warm and friendly greeting at the entrance. The decor and smells was very relaxing and a sight to remind of a traditional Thai massage spot. I was lucky to get a same-day Thai massage because this place accepts appointments only. The place is moderately sized and I feel the clientele defaults to a 60 min which was what I took and was well worth it.
In a poll of 25–35-year-olds, 79% said they would like their health insurance plan to cover massage.[26] In 2006 Duke University Health System opened up a center to integrate medical disciplines with CAM disciplines such as massage therapy and acupuncture.[125] There were 15,500 spas in the United States in 2007, with about two-thirds of the visitors being women.[118]
Giving this place 5 stars doesn't mean I would recommend Chinese Traditional Massage to everyone. If you approach massages as pain relief via eastern Medicine like I benefit, "Summer" could help you greatly My neck/shoulder/back are in constant tension, that the pain cause by my upper body makes me never notice my tired/sore legs from standing from working 40+ hours a week Summer find the nucleus of my neck tension immediately in a way that very few CMTs can & relieves my upper body pain can I comment w/ "How do you know where & how do you relieve it so quickly perfectly?" and Summer responds with something along the lines of "Duh" "That's why you're here" & She's 100% right & worth every penny Then once she handles my neck/shoulder tension, funny enough my legs/ankles/feet tighten up like I've been walking forever which she's provide the same relief where I walk out feeling & might even be taller walking out The best way to get an appt w/ Summer is to call a couple days ahead I get the 90 minute Thai massage for 120$ & it's worth every penny for me This is not Asha, Massage Envy, The Four Seasons, nor a gross place. Always clean & comfortable Their phones ring & front door bell rings & massage gets paused to handle walk-ins/call ins. Summer heals me until my job gets the best of me to then return, So what could be considered interruptions are pauses to me because MY PAIN IS GONE Bonus is the scalp massage & she sits your up on the table & stretches you sitting up making standing up an effortless act
I'm glad we did. This was the best massage I've ever had. My husband said the same. They not only massaged but they also stretched out our achy muscles. I also had been dealing with a left shoulder pinched nerve for more than 6 months causing discomfort when I moved my shoulder a certain way. After the session, I no longer felt that discomfort. I'm not sure if this is temporary or she fixed it but I was so happy to be able to move my shoulder again without any limitations or discomfort.
A deriving range of massage techniques, the Chinese massage method is most closely linked to acupuncture because the meridian system guides Chinese therapists. You will find that most textbooks on Chinese massage list between 30 and 70 available techniques. These include deep, penetrating strokes and soft tissue manipulation methods. Some Chinese massage therapists will also include herbal medicine in treatment to assist with healing.
We were greeted by the owner, Tanya, and offered water as soon as we entered and waited for our room. She kept us company and led us to our room with two massage beds and another grand view. We were instructed on how to prepare as we waited a little longer for our masseuses to arrive. Being the awkward first timers we were, we actually didn't know what to actually do and expect. But our masseuses, Mary and Claudia, were very patient with us!
...It is very important to ALWAYS speak up and let your therapist know if you need the pressure to be corrected, (i.e. if you need them to lighten up because it is too deep, or to apply more because it is not deep enough). Most everyone needs more pressure in some areas and less in others. This occurs because muscle tissue that contains Trigger Points is more sensitive to pressure and can be tender to the touch.
Because Thai massage is done fully clothed, some people recommend it if you feel uncomfortable with the nudity. However, Thai massage is not the best choice for first-time spa-goers. Why? First, you're going to be lying on a futon with a therapist crouched over you, pressing on your legs, just to start. They might use the weight of their body to move your body into various positions to achieve passive stretching.
Even the science of oil massage are originated from the west, Thais also uses fragrances and herbs is traditional healthcare for long time ago. WatPo's oil massage technique to manipulate the relax-able feeling. Rubbing and stroking through Thai massage lines all over the body apparently reveal you the differential experience of oil massage. Practical Session
Tina L.I. Dietz, N.C.C., is a nationally certified counselor and business manager of the Nayada Institute, along with being the managing director of the Evergreen Experiment. She specializes in bringing entrepreneurial ventures into reality as a master coach and consults business owners looking to have freedom, fulfillment and balance present in their lives.
These ladies are very talented! They do the most amazing deep tissue, detox and stretching massage! I've been now about 5 times and they have some amazing skills. Hint: have them walk on your back, it's the real deal. Very professional and always a relaxing treat when the tension knots are really deep and a regular massage just won't do. Come see these ladies! They won't disappoint.
I’m on a padded floor mat wearing loose pants and a T-shirt (standard Thai-massage garb) while Pailin Winotaka uses her fingers, palms, elbows, knees, feet, indeed her whole body as ballast, slowly getting me into such familiar yoga positions as “bridge” (a backward arch) and “bow” (on my stomach, reaching back to grab her wrists rather than my own ankles for a deeper stretch). I actually feel taller when she’s done.
After experiencing the art of traditional Thai massage in the “professional Thai massage for health” course, this sophisticated course provides serious training to show the students the original aspiration and full potential of Thai massage. Massage as a traditional Thai medical practice is able to cure diseases and restore health. The students will study the required methods and techniques to treat at least 25 ailments; e.g. frozen shoulder, carpal tunnel syndrome, stiff neck, ankle and wrist sprain, etc.
Transform yourself with the life balancing and purifying benefits of our Spa Experience, putting your body on a course toward good health and well being. We truly are a Day Spa, not like many others who claim to be a Spa. Our new location at Westheimer and 2707 Fountain View in the Americana Shopping Center is one of the largest Day Spas in Houston. We can serve large groups at one visit.
In ashiatsu, the practitioner uses their feet to deliver treatment. The name comes from the Japanese, ashi for foot and atsu for pressure.[32] This technique typically uses the heel, sesamoid, arch and/or whole plantar surface of foot, and offers large compression, tension and shear forces with less pressure than an elbow, and is ideal for large muscles, such as in thigh, or for long-duration upper trapezius compressions.[33] Other manual therapy techniques using the feet to provide treatment include Keralite, Barefoot Lomi Lomi, Chavutti Thirumal.
The Pornhub team is always updating and adding more porn videos every day. It's all here and 100% free porn. We have a huge free DVD selection that you can download or stream. Pornhub is the most complete and revolutionary porn tube site. We offer streaming porn videos, downloadable DVDs, photo albums, and the number 1 free sex community on the net. We're always working towards adding more features that will keep your love for porno alive and well. Send us feedback if you have any questions/comments.
The owner, Umaphorn Litton is fully licensed and a professional massage therapist with over 12 years of experience working as a therapist in both Thailand and Hawaii. She grew up in Thailand where she was first introduced to massage therapy by her sisters who owned and operated a Thai massage businesses in Thailand. After attending Chiang Mai Massage school and working in Thailand, she moved to Hawaii to start a new life and began her American dream of owning a business. She is dedicated to and specializes in authentic traditional Thai Massage (true deep tissue muscle relief), Swedish style and injury rehabilitation massage.
First time at this spa for me, after reading reviews I realized that language might be a problem. I went in to get a deep tissue massage and had problems with arthritis in my shoulder, summer worked extra on my shoulder and the massage was wonderful I read cupping was included in the massage and it was not , but that would have taken time from my massage so no problem. Not what I consider a spa but a great massage, very authentic Chinese massage
Thai #Massage is a unique type of massage therapy. This bodywork or body manipulation is usually done on the floor in a spa or parlor. It is performed with the client fully clothed and uses many yoga and massage techniques to provide deep stretching and relaxation. The therapist uses his or her body against the other person's body to stretch, relax and achieve a deep tissue massage. This demonstration is a technique called Thai Yoga Massage.
An amazing synthesis of many techniques; leaning pressure, reflexology, energy line work, stretching and yoga. To achieve all of these effects, we use palms, thumbs, feet, elbows, forearms, and knee. To give a yoga massage uniquely different than therapy in any other modality. This system creates a powerful release of stress and tension an increase in vitality and well-being.
Like having your feet worked on? The therapist uses finger pressure and techniques such as kneading and rubbing to promote relaxation and healing in the body. Reflexology is based on "reflex areas" on the hands and feet, whose energy is believed to be connected to organs and other body parts. By applying pressure to the reflex points, the reflexologist can balance your nervous system and stimulate endorphins, the body's natural pleasure response, which reduces stress and discomfort.
On the last day of a birthday trip to Vegas I was feeling a little sore and strung out from all of the partying. I couldn't think of a better way to feel rejuvenated and relax before my evening flight. A friendly, professional, very thorough couples Thai massage for $140/hr The establishment was comfortable, clean and relaxing. Was worth every penny and I'll be back on the next Las Vegas getaway.
AD 1813 The Royal Gymnastic Central Institute for the training of gymnastic instructors was opened in Stockholm, Sweden, with Pehr Henrik Ling appointed as principal. Ling developed what he called the "Swedish Movement Cure." Ling died in 1839, having previously named his pupils as the repositories of his teaching. Ling and his assistants left little proper written account of their methods. [8][15][16]
If you don't like intense pressure and pain therefrom, Marisa is better for you. One day I got a Groupon (15 min foot, 60 min thai body massage, and steam room access) and went to book with someone Yelp said did deep tissue well, rainy, because Anna wasn't available. I booked with rainy but was given Marisa, whose massage was nice but gentler and did not meet my expectations for extreme deep pressure and good therapeutic pain from tension dissolving in knots.
In both Eastern and Western healing systems, the concept of maintaining balance or equilibrium is considered crucial to good health. 'Sen' are considered passages for energy, and correspond with blood vessels in the body. Traditional Thai healing practices suggest that when the 'Sen' become blocked, energy grows stagnant and the body loses its balance, leading to a range of ailments. Thai massage acts as an external stimulant to produce specific internal effects within the body, both freeing energy from obstruction and preserving health and harmony.
I wish I could give a good review. Unfortunately that is not the case. I was asked how I would like the massage and I explained explicitly that I had a lower back issue and that area was not to have pressure on it. The main focus of the massage ended up being my lower back. I asked not to go hard on that area and yet the therapist continued to put pressure in that area to the point that I was brought to tears from pain. Not one moment was enjoyed and now I am unable to get out of bed from the pain. I do not recommend this place as they do not listen to their clients. On top of that a tip was requested, Which I found to be quite upfront and inappropriate as the service was not what I wanted.
Anesthesia technician Aquatic therapist Athletic trainer Audiologist Dental hygienist Dietitian Cardiac physiologist Emergency medical services Hemodialysis technicians Massage therapist Medical assistants Medical coder Medical physicist Medical technologist Medical transcription Music and arts therapist Nutrition (clinical) Occupational therapist Optometrist Phlebotomist Orthotist / Prosthetist Physical therapist Clinical psychologist Public health Radiation therapist Radiographer Respiratory therapy Social worker Speech therapist Orthoptists
I am very happy that this massage place took me in for a 10:30-11:40pm appointment last minute. This place is very accommodating. I also called only 20 mins before coming down to do a walk-in. I worked 9-14 hours day continuously so I was in pain in my neck, back, calves and feet. Claudia gives a medium to hard massage. So see her if you need relief from tension. Plus she is nice, patience, and funny. Thumbs up!!
The massage types above are some of the most popular massages you can get, but there are many others. Regardless of the type of massage you opt for, be sure to tell your therapist which areas you especially need work on, whether you have any health issues, and, during the massage, how the pressure feels. When you find a therapist you like, you might want to book a standing appointment with him or her for pain and stress relief all year long.
This is such an unusual place. Not sure how they got all these fabulous reviews. The first time I decided to try it, I called and made an appointment. The woman who answered the phone didn't really speak english, so when I told her that I wanted to make an appointment she kept saying "ok ok ok". I felt that she didn't understand. I showed up to the appointment the following day and the person at the front was so confused when I told her I had an appointment. Needless to say she begrudgingly took me back to a room and left. Another woman comes in and starts massaging. As she is massaging I notice loud chewing sounds. Turns out she was chewing gum loudly and popping it too! I had never experienced anything like that during a msaage! The massage itself was ok with deep pressure, and they offered cupping therapy. They never bother to ask you why you are there or what your preferences are. Even when I kept asking her to focus on my neck and shoulders she just tried to follow her own routine and seemed annoyed. I decided to give it another try, so called again to make an appointment, and sure enough a woman answered and seemed confused when I requested the appointment. I asked if summer was there since I read great reviews about her. The woman started yelling at me!!! Honestly this place is so shady and unprofessional, I don't know how hell they got all these supposed stellar reviews on multipe sites like tripadvisor and thumbtack. For 70$ you can find so many other wonderful, professional and attentive massage places in the area.
Massage has been shown to reduce neuromuscular excitability by measuring changes in the Hoffman's reflex (H-reflex) amplitude.[89] A decrease in peak-to-peak H-reflex amplitude suggests a decrease in motoneuron excitability.[90] Others explain, "H-reflex is considered to be the electrical analogue of the stretch reflex...and the reduction" is due to a decrease in spinal reflex excitability.[91] Field (2007) confirms that the inhibitory effects are due to deep tissue receptors and not superficial cutaneous receptors, as there was no decrease in H-reflex when looking at light fingertip pressure massage.[92] It has been noted that "the receptors activated during massage are specific to the muscle being massaged", as other muscles did not produce a decrease in H-reflex amplitude.[90]
Do you want a real professional massage? Well, this is the place. I would not go anywhere else. I have tried a few spots and they were not even close to the quality and comfort this place offers. These ladies are awesome and magical. I personally like stronger/deep tissue massage and Thai Spa Massage 2 never disappoints me. They always ask what area to focus on and work out any knots they finds. Place is very clean and comfortable. Staff is super friendly. Price of $70 may seem high for Vegas but it is worth every penny. To me this quality of massage is very hard to find and usually typical for high end resorts.
This is one of the best places to get a legitimate true authentic Thai massage I have been coming here for several years usually I start out with taking a steam shower I gave you shorts to wear it's not too cold inside which is good when having a massage the last thing you want to do is be freezing while laying half naked on the bed and yes I said bed this is how Thai massages is performed walking on you if you desire stretching and pressure what I prefer is what's called the Thai combination massage Which is a mixture of Thai and Swedish massage. This no fancy spa And in fact at first glance from outside you would not think this was a good place in fact I used to live walking distance from there and hadn't been for years finally a friend told me about them so I gave them a try first off with Crystal she is a very good massage unfortunately she no longer works at this location so then I went to you having massages with Sonya very strong which is what I used to like now days April is my therapist she does just the right pressure for me.
Deep tissue and trigger point massages are very similar. The difference is that deep tissue massage uses various traditional massage techniques to work the tissue, whereas trigger point massage is literally looking to manipulate or press on that one point that relieves tension in an entire area (perhaps not even nearby). For both, consider this contraption, which is an invaluable tool for torturing soothing sore muscles all over your body. This is a great guide on doing trigger point therapy for yourself.
We offer treatments designed to enhance the body and eliminate stress and tension – this is essential for over all well-being. Our mission is to provide a safe and inspiring space to help people of all ages and backgrounds discover the benefits of creating inner balance through therapeutic massage. All of our technicians are licensed professionals whose number one goal is to ensure your utmost satisfaction.
They are so nice too. The girls really seem to care about your needs and wants for your back and/or muscle areas. Also, the strength of the massage you are looking for they stick to. I recommend the Swedish/deep muscle mix massage. It’s the perfect mix of stretching and deep muscle work (or as deep as you want it to be). I love it and always leave feeling relaxed and much more flexible/loose. I highly recommend this Spa.
Renowned for services ranging from eyelash extensions and laser hair removal to chakra balancing and chi revitalizing, Bangkok is host to an exotic and bizarre array of treatments and therapies. A quintessential component to this multi-faceted jamboree, traditional Thai massage is perhaps the most well-known and celebrated of Bangkok's pampering services. As the Japanese delicately knead flesh in accordance with Shiatsu and the Chinese offer rubs following principles of Tui-Na, Thailand presents a signature massage technique involving traditional systems of holistic beliefs.
Reviewed 2 weeks ago via mobileThey staff were very nice and accommodating. We wanted two different types of massage but they only have packages together. But they mixed it for us no extra charge. They speak good English and Japanese even over the phone. It's hidden on the fourth floor about an arcade but there's no noise issues. Will definitely be back!
An aromatherapy massage is a Swedish massage with scented plant oils (known as essential oils) added to the massage oil. Extracted from flowers and other plant parts, essential oils offer a pleasing scent and are believed to have healing properties. Lavender and rose, for instance, are known to promote relaxation. Although oils may be selected to address specific needs, the therapist typically uses pre-blended oils to relax, energize, or uplift.
Watsu, developed by Harold Dull at Harbin Hot Springs, California, is a type of aquatic bodywork performed in near-body-temperature water, and characterized by continuous support by the practitioner and gentle movement, including rocking, stretching of limbs, and massage. The technique combines hydrotherapy floating and immersion with shiatsu and other massage techniques. Watsu is used as a form of aquatic therapy for deep relaxation and other therapeutic intent. Related forms include WaterDance, Healing Dance, and Jahara technique.[72][73]
I was excited to see Thai Massage has made it to PCB. I was also excited to discover what a gem this place is. After inquiring of my problem areas, Serie suggested I select Thai / Deep Tissue combo. Without a doubt, it was one of the most professional, healing massages I have experienced. Serie is most gracious and knowledgeable and obviously loves her profession.
This place is absolutely wonderful! I have gotten massages all over the place from Asha, Heavenly Massage, Massage a Envy, Ritz Carlton hotel, resorts in Mexico etc... although all of the mentioned places are awesome and have their own individual thing that makes them awesome however I think I have finally found the place and therapist that I will be seeing regularly. Summer, she is an amazing therapist who literally moved my body in ways that I didn't think we're possibly - cracking and stretching my back, deep and thorough massage of my head/scalp, neck, shoulders, back, legs and even a phenomenal massage of my feet! I am telling you, if you haven't been here, it's an absolute must that you go and see Summer. This massage is completely different from the tradition deep tissue massage that you will receive at other places, Summer literally even walked on my back and used her feet/knees to massage my muscles. I have extremely bad neck/shoulder back along with lower back pain related to pinched nerves but Summer was able to relieve this pain. Even it is temporarily (because I just got my massage a few hours before writing this) it was definitely worth it and I will absolutely be returning. $70 for an hour is reasonable but their massage is MUCH better than any other traditional place that you have visited. The only downfall is that this place isn't one of the posh, tranquility type places like Asha (get extra pampered, zero sound/noises in entire facility, heated beds etc) - unfortunately I could clearly hear through the walls of conversations taking place but they didn't last long so it didn't really bother me. All in all, $70, extremely unique and wonderful experience and massage! Go see Summer!!
I did not like having to wait for 10 minutes after my appointment to check out. There was a customer that came in 10 minutes before me and was checking out when I came out of my service and she was allowed to monopolize the front desk for 10 more minutes. I realize that with multiple services that there will be multiple clients leaving at the same time. Get more help, more computers or come up with a different way to check out your clients. Your front desk girls are very courteous and my massage was very relaxing which was my goal. The customer was a buzz kill and I didn't like listening to her smack her gum and give the girls the run around with making a new appointment. I know you can't help how your customers behave, but the front desk girls may need some training on how to deal with difficult customers.
Awesome massage! I was in need of a little R&R and the Thai massage really got the spot. I love that Thai massages use no oil (so you don’t crisco your clothes after) and that there is a ton of stretching involved. It’s like doing yoga but better because they do all the work for you! Prices are very affordable. It’s a great place to come with a few friends and then have lunch next door!
BC 500 Jīvaka Komarabhācca, also known as Shivago Komarpaj, the founder of Traditional Thai massage (Nuad Boran) and Thai medicine.[citation needed] According to the Pāli Buddhist Canon, Jivaka was Shakyamuni Buddha's physician.[citation needed] He codified a healing system that combines acupressure, reflexology, and assisted yoga postures.[citation needed] Traditional Thai massage is generally based on a combination of Indian and Chinese traditions of medicine. Jivaka is known today as "Father Doctor" in Thailand.[citation needed]
Burynski came home and saw how quickly she could help clients with chronic problems. As she began to integrate Thai massage stretches into her table massage, her clients would speak up: “That feels amazing,” they would say. Eventually, Burynski returned to Thailand for further instruction, and then went on to become an instructor, opening her own Thai massage school, Living Sabai, in Asheville.
To prevent further sports pain or injury, it’s important to learn the proper techniques for lifting weights and performing certain cardio exercises. Taking frequent breaks and wearing the proper outfit and protective gear can also significantly help reduce future pain and inflammation. If you’re unsure about your form and technique, ask a personal trainer, coach, or trusted teammate for help. Find the best sports massage in Calgary at Mantra Wellness Centre.
The benefits of receiving a Thai massage are vague, at best. While it is easy to say that Thai massages are good for you in the short-term, any scientific evidence backing this information is certainly lacking. That being said, there are some obvious benefits. For one, it feels incredible. It relieves stress and tension in joints and muscles. It is also very good for those of you feeling stiff, especially during travel, as you are stretched throughout the massage.
First, I love walking into a place that makes you remove your shoes. Second, I love walking into a place where they remember who I am and actually greet me! I have been seeing Yupa for about two months now, and when I started, I could not play tennis, workout, run or move without being in excruciating back pain from a bulging disc in my lumbar. I don't even have to tell Yupa what to do. It's like she feels where the pain in my body is. I am hyper critical, and more likely to forget a massage place exists than return, but Metta Thai really has changed that. I love going here, I love the staff, I love the tea, and I highly recommend! Thank you for everything you do, Yupa!! You are seriously the best!
Absolutely amazing!! Definitely worth the short 15 min drive from the strip. Thank you Chanel! I've been to many different spas and walking into this spa I honestly didn't expect much. It's a small space, and from the looks of it they didn't have much room for things not spa related. The massage rooms take two people at a time and it was slightly colder than comfortable. However, once you lie down on the massage table it's nice and warm. I like my massages with a lot of pressure and that's exactly what Chanel did, from beginning to end. She cracked my back in ways I couldn't imagine and it felt SO GOOD. I will definitely come back again next time I'm in Vegas!
Sciatic nerve pain is experienced by many women in late pregnancy as the uterus rests on muscles of the pelvic floor and lower back. The pressure of the uterus spreads tension to the muscles of the upper and lower legs, causing them to swell and put pressure on nearby nerves. Massage therapy addresses the inflamed nerves by helping to release the tension on nearby muscles. Many women have experienced significant reduction in sciatic nerve pain during pregnancy through regular massage. Other potential benefits of prenatal massage include: reducing back pain, joint pain, muscle tension, headaches, stress, anxiety and promoting blood circulation by improving oxygenation of soft tissues and muscles.
My wife and I came to Las Vegas for our honeymoon. After party's for several days, I invited the spouse to a massage. I found this place on Yep after discovering the (exorbitant) prices at the Aria, where we stayed. The ladies at this spa took us in right away. We were walk ins. My wife got a combination massage. I got a deep rub massage. I told the masseuse my problem areas. She walked on my back and legs after my approval. She was very thorough and efficient. I was like melting butter afterwards. Why not 5 stars? Although my wife enjoyed the massage, she felt that it was too hard at times. She would have preferred a licensed massage therapist. As for me, I kinda like it rough. I'd go back here next time we're im town.
This place is absolutely wonderful! I have gotten massages all over the place from Asha, Heavenly Massage, Massage a Envy, Ritz Carlton hotel, resorts in Mexico etc... although all of the mentioned places are awesome and have their own individual thing that makes them awesome however I think I have finally found the place and therapist that I will be seeing regularly. Summer, she is an amazing therapist who literally moved my body in ways that I didn't think we're possibly - cracking and stretching my back, deep and thorough massage of my head/scalp, neck, shoulders, back, legs and even a phenomenal massage of my feet! I am telling you, if you haven't been here, it's an absolute must that you go and see Summer. This massage is completely different from the tradition deep tissue massage that you will receive at other places, Summer literally even walked on my back and used her feet/knees to massage my muscles.
I got a deep tissue massage here. And this place is dope. I really like the decor. When they lead… I got a deep tissue massage here. And this place is dope. I really like the decor. When they lead you to the back it's super dimly lit and there are these branches coming out of the ceiling with lights on them. My massage was.... interesting. I can't really complain since I told them I wanted a deep tissue massage and I said on the form that I wanted them to go strong. But jeeeeeze. My back still kinda hurts from it. I've never had a deep tissue massage before. I just said it because work sucked that past week and I really wanted them to work the kinks out of my back, but I probably should have went with the traditional Thai massage. Either way my masseuse was a really nice guy and he kept checking in to make sure it wasn't too much pressure. Which I stupidly was like, "noooo totally fine loving the pain!" Basically, I'm weird. I need to work on that. Anyway I would definitely come back here. Read more
2. Generate force. When you’re putting pressure on a certain area of the body, use momentum and the full weight of your whole body to apply as much force as possible. Take advantage of gravity to hit your partner’s body with plenty of energy. Dig in by positioning your body over your arm so that your weight transfers to that specific spot. Give a hard rub to finish off the movement, and then prepare for the next area of her body.
I've been looking for a good traditional Thai massage place in Oakland and haven't found one yet. I was randomly in Albany getting car repair and was surprised first at the huge number of massage places in 3 blocks. I checked the reviews on Yelp and folks were right this place is 100% legit. I've had a good number of Thai massages and this place was great and reasonable price.
In Myanmar, massage is unregulated.[100] However, it is necessary to apply for a spa license with the government to operate a massage parlour in major cities such as Yangon. Blind and visually impaired people can become masseurs, but they are not issued licenses. There are a few professional spa training schools in Myanmar but these training centers are not accredited by the government.[citation needed]
I've been looking for a good traditional Thai massage place in Oakland and haven't found one yet. I was randomly in Albany getting car repair and was surprised first at the huge number of massage places in 3 blocks. I checked the reviews on Yelp and folks were right this place is 100% legit. I've had a good number of Thai massages and this place was great and reasonable price. I'll for sure be back. And the idea of oil changes have gone from huge inconvenience to oh great the Thai massage is right next door.
Being from LA, I was in Chicago for the first time and was exhausted exploring the city over the weekend for straight 3 days. Started looking for a authentic place for a massage and came across Chinese Traditional Massage on google/yelp and checked out the websote which was authentic and also read some great reviews on yelp. I prefer the chinese massage over traditional massages as its reaches your energy body and is intense not superficial. Read some great yelp reviews mentioning massage therapists name as Summer. I asked for a 1 hour Tui Na level2 massage from Summer. It was the best massage i have had in my life. I have had massages across LA for several years now. This was the most intense precise and detailed massage i have ever had. The energy in her hands is amazing. She has great knowledge of the body and how to relieve stress from each area of the body. I cannot describe it in words, you have to experience it for yourself. I would love to get a massage from Summer again. Its total value for the price. She gives more than 100% to ensure you have the best massage. Highly recommended!!
Nuad Boran (known in various forms as Thai massage, Thai Yoga Massage, and other terms) began to evolve in Thailand over 1,000 years ago. Based on healing principles similar to those of other Eastern healing arts, the Thai system focuses on circulation of vital energy in major pathways called sen. Energy lines are manipulated, and important pressure points along these pathways are stimulated to help break down blockages, stimulate energy flow and restore balance and harmony.
Judy is my favorite masseuse. She is very good at calibrating pressure based on what you ask for. Her technique is terrific. She is also very sweet and cares about her customers. I have a few massage places walking distance from where I live but I still come here once a week. Siam's location is in mid-Market; not the best location and parking can be a challenging (best to use Uber or Lyft). But inside the environment is very serene with wood interior and the sound of water flowing. They have a large number of masseuses here at any given time- I believe ~8 so they often have availability, provided you schedule. Cost is $90 for a 1 hour swedish oil massage, and $5 discount if you pay by cash. Some of the masseuses have their own unique hours; for example Judy often starts at 2 PM on. You can also request a massage table if you prefer (which is elevated and I find allows for better breathing), versus the ground mat that is common in thai massage. Siam also has a steam room which is extra and showers. One of the reasons I like Siam and Judy in particular is she learns really well what works for your body. She will find tension in my shoulder and work on it without my saying anything. Also I found some Thai massages use significant pressure as a baseline and don't always deviate from it. Here, you can get a strong or a gentle massage depending on your preference. The front-desk is friendly and helpful. My advice is schedule a day or two in advance if you want to book for Friday or Saturday as the schedule gets full quickly. There are $40 foot massages in San Francisco and I do find some of those convenient. But one difference is in how you feel after and for that reason, I often come here.
Thai massage is a very different form than other popular forms of massage such as Swedish massage. It is more rigorous and intense, but because of this, Thai massage has many incredible benefits to those who book regular sessions with a Thai massage therapist. If you are looking to relax, relieve stress, and improve your flexibility and energy levels, Thai massage may just be the answer.
This place can be heavenly with the right massage therapist!!! My body tends to be tight and I really need that deep tissue, good pain that comes from very strong pressure, which is why I seek Thai body massage. Anna is absolutely amazing, excellent at deep tissue/ strong pressure massage--a true healer. Anna likes to help people feel better and her intuitive massage skills, vibe and words confirm this. Anna is very strong and called herself a "knot buster," which is wonderful and true! She found knots and sore spots and broke them. I feel so much better in my body. I've been to her a few times and left very happy and satisfied each time. If you don't like intense pressure and pain therefrom, Marisa is better for you. One day I got a Groupon (15 min foot, 60 min thai body massage, and steam room access) and went to book with someone Yelp said did deep tissue well, rainy, because Anna wasn't available. I booked with rainy but was given Marisa, whose massage was nice but gentler and did not meet my expectations for extreme deep pressure and good therapeutic pain from tension dissolving in knots. I later found out if you're asked if you prefer a male or female massage therapist at check in, when you already booked a particular person online, then you won't be getting who you requested, so double check who you're getting if that happens to you if you're expecting to get a specified massage therapist. After I expressed I didn't feel satisfied from that massage with Marisa because I needed more pressure, the owner / manager was extremely concerned that I was disappointed by a gentler massage and enticed me to come back to get the type of massage my body needed! I've been to well over 100 different massage places and Siam orchid Thai massage has the best customer service. No proprietor has ever been so concerned or kind after my experience was not great. I am very impressed and appreciate them. The foot massage was gentler, not like some other places where I start to sweat from the pain/stimulation of imbalanced acupressure points. Super relaxing and firm(not ticklish). The ambience is very nice, all wooden with orchids with incense or candles scent wafting about and steam coming out of a humidifier in the hallway. The room itself for massage is nice: private, spacious with relaxing zen music playing. You don't really hear any other movement or customers in the hallway. Very tranquil ambience. They pay attention to cute and chill details. You get some loose pajamas to wear. If you can, I recommend the steam room access. After the massage you bring your stuff to the back where the steam room is. Looked clean. There are locks and lockers to stow your belongings. I noticed they had flat iron and curling iron to touch up your hair.
This energy-based, traditional Thai massage, focuses on feet and reflexology, up to the knees, using a wooden therapy stick, massage oil from Wat Po in Thailand and massage cream. reflexology points on the soles of the feet are associated with particular body organs. Pressure on specific points helps stimulate activities of the inner organs, promotes deep relaxation and improves blood circulation. $73 / 1 hr. $100 / 1.5 hrs.
Whoa! Did that just happen? Mind blown! Datchy was not playing games. Easily one of the best massages I've ever had and I've had a lot of massage. Don't be the last to know. She's an artist. If I had to find something to complain about it would have to be the frigid temp. She made every attempt to keep me covered by multiple blankets but it was still chilly chill chill.
Thai massage is a very different form than other popular forms of massage such as Swedish massage. It is more rigorous and intense, but because of this, Thai massage has many incredible benefits to those who book regular sessions with a Thai massage therapist. If you are looking to relax, relieve stress, and improve your flexibility and energy levels, Thai massage may just be the answer.
Great Siam Thai massage, reasonable price both cash and credit card because of the same price. Everyone who love massage should try at this new spa and it's so cool in Quincy, MA. We can open the new chance to have new warm feelings, not boring past experiences in longs time ago spa. Here can give you more comfortable mind and I will be definitely come back. Every therapists are very nice and polite.
In India, massage therapy is licensed by The Department of Ayurveda, Yoga & Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH) under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (India) in March 1995. Massage therapy is based on Ayurveda, the ancient medicinal system that evolved around 600 BC. In ayurveda, massage is part of a set of holistic medicinal practices, contrary to the independent massage system popular in some other systems. In Siddha, Tamil traditional medicine from south India, massage is termed as "Thokkanam" and is classified in to nine types, each for specific variety of disease.
We use special thumb and finger techniques to work on small areas, or reflexes, on the feet. These reflex areas are connected to different parts of the body, so that in working over all the reflexes on the feet. You are in fact affecting the entire body. The main benefit of the reflexology is relaxation, but it also improves the blood supply and the functioning of nerve impulses.
I'm not an expert in massages, but I can tell you the 60 minute deep tissue massage did wonders for my back and leg muscles and the whole experience was very relaxing. A nice break from the stress of traveling. Setting up the appointment through Yelp was very easy to do. They will send you directions because it is not easy to find from street level (business is on the fourth floor). The elevator on the left only goes up one floor. If you take the Tokyo subway to Roppongi station as I did and go up any random exit, it may be hard to find. Recommend following the directions they provide and exit the station using the closest exit.
The "Chinese Traditional Massages" was established in 2015, with over 10 years of extensive experiences and came out of a need to specialize these Chinese Tui-Na and the Zhi Ya Massage Therapy methods for customers which have issues with their bodies and seek an alternative pain management and gain comfort, healing, pleasure. In order to really see the difference in this field is to compare and try us out.
I don't give out 5 stars because no one is perfect but they get my highest rating. It was easy to communicate with them and I was able to be seen when I wanted. The massage was very good and they even cracked my back Wich was a bonus. I felt very relaxed and happy leaving and the next day I was not terribly sore. I had a male therapist who was excellent. I'm used to these very strong girls but I would never say no when offered a mans touch;) the facilities were pleasant and clean. I think the value was good and I recommend them to anyone needing a little relief. I had the traditional Thai massageZ
You've probably seen these strange contraptions at conventions, the mall, nail parlors, and maybe even your office. Chair massages have you sitting face forward in a chair so the therapist can massage mostly your neck, shoulders, and back. The good thing is you don't have to take off your clothes or have oils slathered all over you. The bad thing is you don't get a thorough whole-body massage as you do with other methods, and, since this is often done in public places, it can be very distracting and not as relaxing. Depending on the massage therapist, however, a chair massage can really get the tension out of your upper body.
Burmese massage is a full body massage technique that starts from head to toes, drawing on acupuncture, reflexology, and kneading. Signature massage strokes include acupressure using the elbows, quick gentle knocking of acupressure points, and slow kneading of tight muscles. The massage is aimed to improve blood circulation and quality of sleep, while at the same time help to promote better skin quality.
Thai massage isn’t nicknamed “yoga for lazy people” for nothing. Clients such as Pete who are into performance don’t necessarily take adequate time for stretching compared to how hard they push their bodies. Roger still isn’t totally comfortable with taking his clothes off and he likes that some of the Thai stretches he can do at home in between treatments.
Deep Tissue is a very specific massage treatment in which the therapist uses knuckles and elbow's to "strip out" muscle tissue as far down to the bone as possible. Sound invasive? It is! It is definitely not for everyone. However there are millions of people out there that would never have their treatment any other way. This modality can be helpful to the following people: athletes who are considerably harder on their bodies than the average person, people who are undergoing physical therapy to aid in the breakdown process of scar tissue, (AFTER PROPER HEALING FROM THE INJURY HAS OCCURED), or anyone who has very dense tissue and thus responds better to the work.
I am pretty sure that was one of the best massages I have ever had. I asked for medium pressure and she was right on point. She checked in with me at the start of the session, because I had indicated I wanted attention placed on my back on the entry form. I confirmed that's where I would like her to spend most of her time and she did. That was really cool. I know it sounds simple, but every time I fill out those forms they never ask me to confirm and I end up getting a total body massage with attention never placed in one single area as I had hoped.
Mary, my masseuse, began on my upper back and worked her way down to my legs and then arms (my favorite part). And surprisingly, I had a lot of knots, especially on my upper back. There were these two knots that would not budge unless I got the really deeeeep massage (but my body's too weak). Mary tried her best to press out my knots without hurting me (thumbs up to her!). She put coconut oil over my body as she worked, making it easier for area transitions. The oil felt more like a lotion combination, smoothing and rejuvenating my skin. In the end, we were offered water or tea. Siam Thai definitely takes pride in caring for their customers!
In Mexico massage therapists, called "sobadores", combine massage using oil or lotion[101] with a form of acupuncture and faith.[102] Sobadores are used to relieve digestive system problems as well as knee and back pain.[101][102] Many of these therapists work out of the back of a truck, with just a curtain for privacy.[102] By learning additional holistic healer's skills in addition to massage, the practitioner may become a curandero.[103]
Hours later I'm ready for my relaxing massage and a few minutes in I realize thai massages are NOT my usual relaxing massage. The masseuse is literally kneeling on my back getting every single knot (and I have a lot of them!) out while I say "ouch" about every 3 seconds. She continues to tell me "relax" throughout the massage and I continue to respond with "ouch."
Part of the 90 minute massage also involved stretching certain muscles. At the end of the 90 minutes, even though I was a little bit sore from the deep tissue massage, I felt a lot better. When the massage was over, I got dressed, went to the front counter, and paid as well as left a tip. While I used the Lyft app on my phone to get ride to get back to the Strip, I was offered a loyalty card. The only thing about the loyalty card is that it was created/made for 60 minute massages and not 90 minute massages since a 90 minute massage only gets 1 stamp on the card.
Thai Spa on Sahara is open from 11am to 11pm...as if they understand the life style of those of us in Las Vegas. I must have been here 30 times in the last 2 years, so you could say that I have enjoyed the massages at Thai Spa...it's simple, just get into the room, get on the table, and get worked on. Most of the time, I call for a reservation to see my favorite therapist and reserve my time. They are easily my favorite Thai massage place in Vegas...and they must be popular since they just opened a third location on Charleston. This also means there are now two locations that I can go to see my favorite therapist. I normally get 60 min for $65, but when you get couples, you save $5 each...need deep work? Relaxation? Or Stretch? All the therapists at Thai Spa will provide you with the same price...ask for the stamp card to accumulate 10 and get next one for free. I was told that you can get all the locations in one card. There is no shower or fancy changing room...just you, therapist, and table.
At our advanced day spa facility, we perform various styles of therapeutic massage, including traditional Thai, Lomi Lomi, shiatsu, Swedish, deep tissue, and stone massage techniques. These different modalities have been developed over the ages, and by different cultures, to address the ills that routinely affect the human body, but all are practiced with the ultimate aim of healing ourselves on a physical, psychological, and even spiritual level. Each unique style of massage has its distinct benefits and produces targeted effects to help treat specific complaints and conditions. Some of the most sought-after benefits of massage therapy are relief from tension headaches and musculoskeletal or neurological pain, as well as reduced heart rate, blood pressure, stress levels, anxiety, and depression...
...It is very important to ALWAYS speak up and let your therapist know if you need the pressure to be corrected, (i.e. if you need them to lighten up because it is too deep, or to apply more because it is not deep enough). Most everyone needs more pressure in some areas and less in others. This occurs because muscle tissue that contains Trigger Points is more sensitive to pressure and can be tender to the touch.
This is the “classic” among the GREEN PEEL® peeling treatments. After a thorough evaluation, the Herbal Peeling mixture is intensively massaged into the skin. Blood circulation is increased, the supply of oxygen and nutrition is improved and skin renewal is stimulated. This effect is stopped after two to five days depending on the skin texture with a more or less strong peeling process of the skin. During this time, the skin needs to be treated at home with special Dr. Schrammek skin care products. To conclude the GREEN PEEL® Herbal Peeling Treatment Classic, the aesthetician performs a beauty finishing treatment after five days and nourishes the now particularly receptive skin with valuable ingredients.
I was excited to see Thai Massage has made it to PCB. I was also excited to discover what a gem this place is. After inquiring of my problem areas, Serie suggested I select Thai / Deep Tissue combo. Without a doubt, it was one of the most professional, healing massages I have experienced. Serie is most gracious and knowledgeable and obviously loves her profession. If you are looking for a healing, therapeutic and relaxing massage, you MUST call Serie. As a finishing touch, she will serve you a most delicious, personally steeped cup of lemongrass tea to compliment the massage. Oh, and those wonderful warm towels!!! Don't pass this place up!! Your mind and body will thank you!
Reflexology also known as "zone therapy", is an alternative medicine involving application of pressure to the feet and hands with specific thumb, finger, and hand techniques without the use of oil or lotion. It is based on a pseudoscientific[57] system of zones and reflex areas that purportedly reflect an image of the body on the feet and hands, with the premise that such work effects a physical change to the body.[58]
Whether you’re planning an intimate gathering for spa day for a wedding Thai Massage and Day Spa provides an exquisite experience. With individual attention, and a unique setting, we will help in the planning of your wedding party experience. Our dedicated and experienced staff works closely with you to help bring your dream group spa day to life. From the moment you arrive for your spa time until you depart, Thai Massage and Day Spa surrounds you in a warm and relaxing atmosphere.
This massage incorporates light to medium pressure, long strokes and kneading to reduce tension, soothe sore muscles and stimulate circulation. It combines the benefits and technique of the invigorating Thai massage and the relaxing Swedish massage. Localized therapy is effective treatment for upper and lower back pain, neck and shoulder pain, muscle and tendon injuries, migraine, rheumatic pain, asthma, repetitive strain injury.
Mission:  Our mission is to provide our clients peace, relaxation, and well-being of body, mind, and spirit through the healing power of traditional Thai massage. Our friendly, highly trained, and experienced staff will customize massage treatment to meet individual needs in our professional and comfortable environment thus providing an unforgettable massage treatment.
If you are looking for a massage centre in Barcelona where you can isolate from noise and stress, Thai Spa Massage is the best option. Probably the best place to enjoy a Thai massage, since not only the therapists are specialized in centuries-old treatments and proven effectiveness, but the environment is cared for down to the last detail so that you can move mentally to the heart of Asia.
I just went here for a one hour Swedish-Thai massage. My masseuse was Nista. I am pretty sure that was one of the best massages I have ever had. I asked for medium pressure and she was right on point. She checked in with me at the start of the session, because I had indicated I wanted attention placed on my back on the entry form. I confirmed that's where I would like her to spend most of her time and she did. That was really cool. I know it sounds simple, but every time I fill out those forms they never ask me to confirm and I end up getting a total body massage with attention never placed in one single area as I had hoped. I want to try the hot stone massage next!
Prior to gaining momentum in the U.S. as a popular modality, Thai massage schools in Thailand taught 60-hour certification courses, and teacher training was available for an additional 60 to 70 hours. Now, certification can be had around the world from the traditional 60 hours up to 500 hours, leaving massage therapists to make their own choices as to what is sufficient training.
Massage is hindered from reaching the gold standard of scientific research, which includes placebo-controlled and double blind clinical trials.[85][86] Developing a "sham" manual therapy for massage would be difficult since even light touch massage could not be assumed to be completely devoid of effects on the subject.[85] It would also be difficult to find a subject that would not notice that they were getting less of a massage, and it would be impossible to blind the therapist.[85] Massage can employ randomized controlled trials, which are published in peer reviewed medical journals.[85] This type of study could increase the credibility of the profession because it displays that purported therapeutic effects are reproducible.[86]
A "vacation" in Tokyo certainly requires a lot of walking. After logging 10+ miles a few days in a row, our bodies were in need of a little R&R. There are certainly a lot of options for massages in Japan, but Erawan definitely appeals to tourists. It was SO easy to request an appointment via Yelp. They got back to me within a hour and we had appointments setup later that day. We went with a 90 minute Thai couples massage with oil of which you get to pick the scent for. We chose lavender which probably is the reason I drifted off into sleep at one point. You lay on the ground rather than a bed and the masseuse really gets to work! At the end, they also crack your back which was scary but felt great. It cost about $108 plus tip, which is pretty comparable to a massage here. We got a slight discount because it was a "couples" massage. Was it worth it? Yes! It was just what our bodies needed mid-vacay and I would definitely return.
Medical Massage is a controversial term in the massage profession.[50] Many use it to describe a specific technique. Others use it to describe a general category of massage and many methods such as deep tissue massage, myofascial release and triggerpoint therapy as well as osteopathic techniques, cranial-sacral techniques and many more can be used to work with various medical conditions.[51]
**Do not forget to tip these lovely ladies!!!** Although it is not customary to tip in Japanese culture, these ladies are a Thai business AND masseuses. Two exceptions to the Japanese No Tip rule. This is a great place to reset your body after exploring all over Tokyo!! My boyfriend and I were on day 3 of exploring Tokyo, with 20miles of walking under our belts. Our feet were sore, our bodies were tired.. we NEEDED the Thai Traditional and Reflexology massages. Eri and Oh came to our rescue! The massages were so great we made an appointment to come back before our Japan trip was over haha.. They respond very very quickly to Line messages. Download the app and message them.
Practiced for centuries, Tui-Na continues to grow in popularity. Tui-Na techniques and details of its successful uses in treating a range of health problems are documented in a vast treatise - The Yellow Emperor's Classics of Internal Medicine written about 2500 years ago. Tuina (tui na) is well suited for the treatment of specific musculoskeletal disorders and chronic stress-related disorders of the digestive, respiratory and reproductive systems.
Is all this traveling making you sore? Is the weight of your backpack taking its toll on you? Fret not, as Thailand is home to some of the best massage parlors in the world. Traditional Thai massages are hands down one of the best things about traveling through the Land of Smiles. They are cheap, incredibly relaxing, and an experience you cannot miss out on. Here is everything you need to know about Thai massages.
During hot stone massage, your body is not only weighted down with hot, smooth stones, but the masseuse also uses the stones to massage your body. It's like being caressed by the smoothest (rollerball-like) hands, but also being scorched by them for a "Yeeooowwww!….Ahhhhh" effect. A hot stone massage is mostly relaxing, but it also is more invigorating than your run-of-the-mill massage, thanks to the almost-too-much heat bringing you back to focus on the moment instead of letting you drift off. The heat helps release the tension in your back and shoulders, mostly, so those muscles can be worked on more effectively.
Experience authentic Thai massage and herbal treatments at Siam Thai Massage and Herbal Spa, conveniently located downtown in the City of Hamilton. Whether you’re looking to soothe sore muscles after a day of actively exploring Bermuda or you just want to relax and get pampered in a serene atmosphere, you'll find the perfect treatment on the spa menu, which includes massage, facials, aromatherapy and more.
I am a sports chiropractor and sometimes my knowledge of the body can get in the way of a treatment since I am aware of muscles not getting addressed. Not the case here. I have been coming here since this establishment opened. All of the therapists I have had are very good. Especially Pam, who has a very deep and mature understanding of muscles and how to release them! I don't hesitate to refer my patients here when appropriate.
My husband and I come here frequently. He has sciatic, psoas pain and I have all sorts of pain (tmj, neck, back, metatarsalgia, de quervain, etc lol). He discovered this thru yelp, after trying out numerous massage services in the bay area & weve almost given up. We never considered going to a Chiro either. Thai massage is hard massage, we just couldn't get anywhere else. We tried many other massage places but we always come back here. Unlike other massage places, any staff you get here will give you the same effect, and no one is not good enough or no single staff stands out cause any of them does. There's no one massager that you need to wait for to get an appointment. We call to schedule an appt but we never request for anyone and still get the same results. Their massage is like assisted yoga, take a pause here and imagine that...I mean, dont drink anything with milk or whipped cream, if youre even slightly lactose intolerant...before the sesh...if u get what i mean. Their restroom is nice too. The trick is to not resist but to trust, give in and relax your body while they're doing their thing. We call this our "therapy". We do feel like newborns every after session, ready to go back to our desk jobs, fresh. Sometimes, after the massage, we eat at the next door Vietnamese restaurant. It feels like a mini quick vacation.
While on vacation in Las Vegas, my upper back, shoulders, and neck were starting to get tired/tight from me lugging around my camera gear (DSLR camera, battery grip/pack, & speedlight flash) around my neck for 4 days at roughly 4 hours each day. My legs and feet were also tired from all the walking, standing, and running on the Strip. I was looking for a massage and the place that I was staying at offered massages but I found the prices to be too expensive. I had also tried the water massage beds offered in some malls (including the Showcase Mall) and although those water massage beds were relaxing, I preferred a more firm, deep tissue type massage to try to get rid of the knots that I was sure were building up in my shoulders & upper back. As luck would have it, there was a discussion forum about firm, deep tissue massages in the Las Vegas Talk forum. I checked out the prices and the review and called to make an appointment. Even factoring the Lyft ride to/from the place, I calculated the price to be less than how much it would cost me to get a similar type massage at the place I was staying at or any Strip hotel spa. I arrived early and was told that I should come back in ~30 minutes. Since the temperature was cold outside, I asked if I could stay inside and there wasn't an issue. I was told that I could lay on the bed while I waited but I decided I would just sit there. I used the Yelp app on my phone to check in and there was a discount. I spoke with the person behind the counter about the discount and I was informed that because I wanted a 90 minute massage and the 90 minute massage was already discounted, it would not apply. When the person was ready I was escorted to the room. Inside the room there were 2 massage beds. I was asked how long I wanted and I mentioned that I wanted 90 minutes. I was then asked to undress and go underneath the towel. I was told that this place also specializes in back walking so I requested a few minutes of that. Above the massage tables are 2 bars so the massage therapist can hold on as to not apply all her weight on the customer. I thought that I could handle firm massages but Kim gave me one of the firmest, deep tissue massages that I've ever experienced. The oil that she used had a burning and soothing feeling to it. Part of the 90 minute massage also involved stretching certain muscles. At the end of the 90 minutes, even though I was a little bit sore from the deep tissue massage, I felt a lot better. When the massage was over, I got dressed, went to the front counter, and paid as well as left a tip. While I used the Lyft app on my phone to get ride to get back to the Strip, I was offered a loyalty card. The only thing about the loyalty card is that it was created/made for 60 minute massages and not 90 minute massages since a 90 minute massage only gets 1 stamp on the card. If you like firm (deep tissue) massages, this is the place to go.
In Thailand, Thai massage is officially listed as one of the branches of traditional Thai medicine, recognized and regulated by the government. It is considered to be a medical discipline in its own right and is used for the treatment of a wide variety of ailments and conditions. Massage schools, centers, therapists, and practitioners are increasingly regulated by the Ministries of Education and Public Health in Thailand.[106][107]
"Meet face to face, never send payment for items you've not seen"	"If an ad or reply sounds too good to be true, it probably is"	"Use the 'Reply to ad' button for your safety and privacy"	"Don't reply to email addresses hidden in text and pictures"	"Beware of fake Gumtree, eBay or escrow sites and invoices"	"Don't carry large sums of money with you when meeting up"	"Tell others when/where you're going to trade, and bring a friend"	"Don't ship items - always trade face to face"	"Don't use Paysafe, Ukash or Western Union for Gumtree trades"
Whether it is for a full day of pampering or just a quick visit for a pick-me up, Thai Massage and Day Spas is the place to go for rest, relaxation and enjoyment. Our locations are in the Galleria area and we offer many services, including custom facials, spa manicure and pedicure, body treatments and our authentic Thai Massages, you will truly feel you’re in Thailand.
Synopsis: The best. Dets.: There's really not much I can add that hasn't already been shared - and I almost don't want to add my review and blow this place up even more - but this is the best Thai massage I've ever had. Quite frankly, it's the best massage I've ever had. I was a regular at nearby Zen Day Spa, but there's no reason to return after visiting Metta.
And if you wonder how Thai massage might fit into your existing practice, Spivack has some encouraging words. “I would like to remind those who are considering Thai massage that it is very easy to incorporate into a conventional massage practice,” he explains. “It doesn’t have to replace your practice. It can enhance it. You can still do table massage—and all the techniques you’ve already learned —and incorporate some Thai massage easily without having to shelve all your other knowledge. It is very adaptable."
Highly Recommend Nista! Hands down, BEST masseuse I have ever had. I've been around the world and it's just always a constant search for the perfect masseuse, and I have finally found her! Just the right pressure, professionalism, personality, and technique! I've been having the Swedish/Thai full body almost every week, after a weeks of work, heaven. lol and if your like the minority of people like me who doesn't enjoy the stretching, they can tailor towards you without it as long as you let them know :)
Nothing can quite compare to the intense relaxation and overall sense of well-being that one experiences during a therapeutic massage performed by a skilled practitioner. Siam Thai Massage & Spa is among Honolulu's leading day spa centers, offering clients a haven for wellness and rejuvenation as achieved through our authentic body treatments. Immediately upon entering our Thai-inspired day spa, you'll experience a superbly serene environment in which all of your senses are engaged. The functional spaces and aesthetics of our day spa are also designed to induce ultimate relaxation in our clients and encourage their escape from the tensions and pressures of the everyday.
Wow! Thank you again, Yelpers! I've been dying for a massage, but I've been so busy in addition to my therapist being on vacation at my usual spot (right upstairs). I called last night when I finished work and asked for an 8p appointment for 90 minutes and boom, appointment was made - 5 Stars right there. Upon walking in, I was greeted by 2 females who were both very nice, gave me compliments, which again, earned 5 stars; I came after work in scrubs, and I knew I looked like crap lol! We chit chatted for a few minutes and she escorted me right into the room. The bed was so amazingly soft! I swear the massage beds have down stitched into it somewhere. I waited a few minutes and a lady walked in, but I didn't get her name. The massage started off rather mediocre, kind of like a first blind date where you don't expect much. We talked the whole time, and I was totally fine with that, and about 30 minutes in I thought - meh, nothing great. She started working towards my legs, but I had told her in the beginning that my shoulders were the culprit of my pain for over a month. Mid conversation I politely asked to refocus on my shoulders and THAT'S when the magic happened. She worked them bad boys like a scorned ex gf. I'm hurting today, but I feel so much better. Granted, not ALL my pain is gone, but I feel much more comfortable going through my day today. I will gladly return! Thank you for a great first time experience.
This was just so weird. I got there and they were able to see me immediately. I let them know I am 9 months pregnant and they said no problem, they do prenatal massage. I get in and the therapist was HORRIBLE! She spent 40+ minutes rubbing the middle of my back. That's it. I told her my neck and shoulders and especially my feet hurt and she wouldn't move from the same spot. She finally said we were done and I was shocked! She never rubbed my hands, lower back, neck, or my feet! I mean come on, who doesn't rub a pregnant persons feet? I even checked at the end to see if my feet were gross or something but no, took a shower right before I got there. It was just so strange, I ended up coming home in tears and rubbing myself which would have cost less than the $75 I paid them for absolutely nothing.
Forty-three states, the District of Columbia and five Canadian provinces currently offer some type of credential to professionals in the massage and bodywork field—usually licensure, certification or registration.[78][117] Thirty-eight states and the District of Columbia require some type of licensing for massage therapists.[118] In the US, 39 states use the National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork's certification program as a basis for granting licenses either by rule or statute.[119] The National Board grants the designation Nationally Certified in Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork (NCTMB). There are two tests available and one can become certified through a portfolio process with equivalent training and experience.[120] Between 10% and 20% of towns or counties regulate the profession.[96] The National Certification offered by the NCBTMB does not mean that someone can practice massage in any state.[121] These local regulations can range from prohibition on opposite sex massage, fingerprinting and venereal checks from a doctor, to prohibition on house calls because of concern regarding sale of sexual services.[96][122]
An integral part of traditional Thai medicine is the use of herbs during a Thai Massage. Thai people apply this belief and benefit Thai herbal treatments as tools for relaxation and disease prevention. Our Traditional Thai Herb Ball contains a blend of many Thai herbs, whose essential oils are transferred to the skin when applied to the body with heat and pressure, thus reducing muscular tension and increasing blood circulation, as well as, improving skin appearance.
I absolutely love the massage at Balinese Traditional Massage. Berta is very intuitive and knows exa...ctly where the sore spots on my body are and loosens everything up. I thoroughly recommend Balinese Traditional Massage services to anyone wanting a pampering experience and remedial work on their body, thanks to Berta I'm a lot more agile and feel great. See More
This place is a bit sketchy. Not sure if it is legit and the "therapist" don't listen to what the customer wants. They are extremely unprofessional as well. The therapist never introduce themselves to you at the beginning but after the massage is over and when you go to the counter to pay, the strange man that runs the place gives you a card with a name, and the name isn't the same as the person who massaged you.
This place can be heavenly with the right massage therapist!!! My body tends to be tight and I really need that deep tissue, good pain that comes from very strong pressure, which is why I seek Thai body massage. Anna is absolutely amazing, excellent at deep tissue/ strong pressure massage--a true healer. Anna likes to help people feel better and her intuitive massage skills, vibe and words confirm this. Anna is very strong and called herself a "knot buster," which is wonderful and true! She found knots and sore spots and broke them. I feel so much better in my body. I've been to her a few times and left very happy and satisfied each time.
Thai massage practitioner and instructor Ananda Apfelbaum, author of Thai Massage Sacred Bodywork, has degenerative discs and vertebrae from a previous dance career. She had to learn to work in ways to avoid injury. “This includes letting go of certain moves if the client is too heavy or too inflexible for me to manage well,” she says. “Each practitioner has to know his or her limits and work within that.”
March Madness indeed. March was a busy month that contained flu's, cold weather, and extra cuddles but March is Birthday month for Mary so that means, as we locals would say, "go big or go home". We enjoy spa/massage experiences wherever it may be or what is offered; therefore, it was only right to treat her self - with a massage. Usually, it means I get to tag along for the experience; her birthday is a joy for all. Yay! Through the joys of social media, we noticed a few of our friends visiting a place named Siam Thai Massage & Spa, on a regular basis. It was our first time visiting but we called, booked a couples package and scheduled right away - As far as timing and flexibility, we were running a solid thirty minutes behind our appointment time but the staff at Siam Thai were gracious enough to start later with no interruptions to other customers. Parking was a bit complicated but only because it was our first time there and Hawaii traffic is no cake walk. The views, however, offer a 180-degree view from 26 floors up, overlooking most of Honolulu. The building is the tallest one with blue reflective glass, across a fun gaming place and, more prominently, the convention center. The mood was set romanticly for Mary's birthday. The spa room is decorated with heart petals on the bed. You can actually call ahead of time for any occasion and they will accommodate the occasion by decorating the room for you (extra charge). With the room decorated and the view of the city, it's a great combination! The awe-inspiring view as the sun cascaded down downtown Honolulu put our mind at ease immediately. We opted for the Siam Thai Experience (for two) which is $120 for 60 minutes. Being that it was Mary's birthday, we got an extra half hour. As for the magical masseuse massages, they were beyond words but here's our best interpretation: *engphhh, *crackkk, *aghhh. Realistically, it was a combination yoga poses, stretches and indubitably, a full body massage; so with that, let the mind run wild. Tip: keep underwear on. After the treatment, we were back to the lobby and surprised us with ice cream for Mary's birthday! Along with hot ginger green tea. We don't guarantee everyone will get ice cream, but hot tea will is served to everyone after the massage! Siam Thai is one of the most affordable and bang for its buck, couples massages we've had in Hawaii! For a romantic date or recovery day after a long work week, Siam Thai Massage & Spa is a top choice. View some other packages they offer on their website!
Part of the 90 minute massage also involved stretching certain muscles. At the end of the 90 minutes, even though I was a little bit sore from the deep tissue massage, I felt a lot better. When the massage was over, I got dressed, went to the front counter, and paid as well as left a tip. While I used the Lyft app on my phone to get ride to get back to the Strip, I was offered a loyalty card. The only thing about the loyalty card is that it was created/made for 60 minute massages and not 90 minute massages since a 90 minute massage only gets 1 stamp on the card.
AD 1878: Dutch massage practitioner Johan Georg Mezger applies French terms to name five basic massage techniques,[13] and coins the phrase "Swedish massage system". These techniques are still known by their French names (effleurage (long, gliding strokes), petrissage (lifting and kneading the muscles), friction (firm, deep, circular rubbing movements), tapotement (brisk tapping or percussive movements), and vibration (rapidly shaking or vibrating specific muscles)).
Because of its emphasis on body work, joint release, and deep breathing, Thai massage is often considered comparable to yoga. Modern yoga practice often includes traditional elements intrinsic in Eastern religion, including spiritual philosophy, postures designed to keep the body fit, and varying facets of meditation. These elements are sometimes adapted to meet the needs of non-religious practitioners, who may be attracted to yoga by its utility as a relaxation technique or as a way to keep in good shape.
Very good! From the name, you must know that this is a traditional Chinese / Asian style massage. If you've never had that before, you should know that it is very different from normal massages you get in America. They use their elbows and knees to dig deep into your muscles. If you are up for it, they will also walk on your back. It feels great. There are several Asian women that work here, and they are very tiny, probably less than 100 pounds. So, it doesn't really hurt when they walk on your back. They are very good. I highly recommend going.
Solid. Sarah had her game face on from the gate. The consummate professional Sarah moved with ease… Solid. Sarah had her game face on from the gate. The consummate professional Sarah moved with ease through her protocol. While it was clearly a formula and recipe she was following she owned it! I am a bit of a massage snob and hold very high standards. Sarah did not disappoint. Quite the birthday treat. When you're in Albany Metta is a must.
67 Perspective Building Quotes Of Life “If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on…
Ecotopia Biketour - the project for everyone interested in do-it-yourself "diy" environmentalism, culture, nature, community life and the art of travelling without motors - just the opposite of the all-inclusive flight to the beach. To know more about adelaide property valuations visit www.valssa.com.au Moving all our stuff by sheer muscle power, we will create an eco-mobile community building up strong connections between participants coming from different scenes and groups as well as between them and our hosts.
In summer 2008 we will cycle in Bulgaria and Turkey. We will start in Sofia (2nd of July), and we'll reach market value of home at Sinop, Turkey at 14th of August ... We will visit "interesting placesTM" on our way: alternative, environmental, artistic projects and communities, nature monuments and people who preserve them or resist their destruction. We want to stay there for some days to have the time to exchange knowledge with the residents and prepare some actions. If you have contacts in the region or ideas, where to travel or whom to visit, do not hestitate to contact us!
First and foremost, before going in for a real estate valuer you should as a customer understand the importance of hiring him. This is because many customers are of the opinion that transfer of ownership can be done without valuing the property. This is not possible and will create lot of hurdles and challenges along the way. Once this thought process is clearly understood one can start being on the lookout for property valuer perth
When choosing a real estate valuer, the first thing that should be considered is experience. A good valuer is one who has put in at least ten to twelve years of experience in this line. Apart from experience it is always important to look for valuers who have a certificate to carry on their profession. Working with an uncertified valuer is akin to getting yourselves treated from quack instead of a qualified doctor.
Good valuers are those who can offer a single window solution for all types of valuation related matters. Whether it is complicated superannuation valuation or backdated/retrospective valuation, they should be able to handle it with efficiency. Speedy disposal of cases and ensuring that valuation reports are submitted on time is another important attribute of a good quality. Further they should be able to offer valuable subjective advice on the property that is being planned for purchase or sale. Such information should contain the details regarding the development of amenities and facilities and the development of infrastructure in the locality. It is also important for valuers to understand the need to be present on
While price certainly is a very important consideration, it would not be advisable to go in for valuers who are offering low rates but at the same time are compromising on the quality of services that they offer. Hence, there is no doubt that choosing the right valuer does take time and effort.
The study, how to get property valuation in Sydney produced by the west midlands branches of the National Housing Federation and the Chartered Institute of Housing, highlights how the region is ‘caught between the more regionally homogenous’ housing needs of the south and the north. An audience of housing professionals heard Mr. Hill insist the government ‘is looking to respond’ to the calls for more attention to be paid to the west midlands’ housing needs.
Mr. Hill told New Start that the government was ‘actively engaged’ in delivering growth strategies for the south and regeneration in the north. While Mr. Hill confirmed that work was underway to draw up a strategy for these regions, he said this required ‘a lot of thought’, because of the complexity of their problems. Sir Michael said the housing issues in the west midlands would require a different approach to those in the north and south. There is room here for a strategy that concentrates on this mixture of opportunity and problems that we have in the region.
The complexity www.valuationsqld.com.au comes in such processes is because of the involvement of the legal steps which are really very difficult to manage by people. This is the most important step which is required to be done in the presence of the expert West Coast Valuers for the better end of the property valuation process. The London Development Agency is in talks with the government and a major bank to expand its role in helping enterprises in the capital’s poorest neighborhoods find finance. The LDA plans to set up two funds worth a total of L10m, New Start can reveal. One will offer loans to social enterprises and the other to small and medium-sized businesses.
The funds will be launched with European money from the Objective 2 programme and match funding from property valuer perth. If accredited, the LDA would be able to raise further private investment for each fund, while offering investors an annual 5% tax break for five years. One way around this legislation would be to contract the fund out to existing CDFIs operating in London. Negotiations are taking place with the London Rebuilding Society, the Local Investment Fund, and the Industrial Common Ownership Fund.
Everything published on our websites is licensed under a Creative Commons License - unless stated otherwise. webdesign development based on WCN template | This page was last updated 2 June 2008
Katy interviews Samuel Webster, versatile artist, Australian expat in a small town in Italy, and host of Fool’s Paradise podcast. They discuss what it means to be an “artist.” Does adopting that title make you pretentious, or is it just an honest representation of your craft? What about if you practice numerous...
What does Rome sound like in the rain? Tiffany and Katy take a walk through the soggy streets of Rome, from Trastevere to Campo de' Fiori, capturing the sounds that you might not notice: raindrops falling in a puddle, water rushing through an underground drain, birds chirping as they seek shelter from the storm. As...
Sometimes a person comes into your life—just a chance encounter—and yet you never forget them. Maybe their impact...
Planning a trip to Rome? Use your Chinese horoscope sign as a guide to plan your itinerary. What animal are you? A...
As it currently stands, TBAAJ in general isn't getting the amount of activity that we are hoping for - particularly in some sections of the site....
The Guestbook is spiraling out of control at the moment, with over 4000 replies - most of which are spammers posting complete nonsense...
I set it so that I automatically get topped up every month. Now I want to change it, so I log in. It says my password is wrong, so I change it, and...
The magic whiteboards I got yesterday keep losing their static charge as soon as you put them on the wall, and fall off :(
I may be a bit tired and drunk because I'll be playing videogames all night and drinking some alcohol :o :D
I got magic whiteboard and whiteboard markers for YouTube videos from amazon (with a double discount on them: Amazon prime...
I suggest you get Apple Music and listen to the radio '10s Pop Hits' if you're looking for good songs you may have...
The current record is 37. So far today the wifi has cut out 12 times, including 7 times in an hour. Looks like today is...
And my TED Talks video has taken over ten minutes to buffer and it's still only buffered by less than a second :mad:...
So I go to university in Hull in 35 days time. I am not going back to Birmingham. Of course, I'll need a place to stay, but I'll find one! :D
© 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 The Brits Are A Joke forums. Not affiliated with any bastard companies. If you enjoyed these forums, please sign my guestbook, it would be much appreciated.
[title]. This best picture collections about [title] is available to download. We collect this best picture from internet and choose the best for you. [title] photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list ofbest picture for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the [title] as part of [blog] exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and find the best [title] images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. [title].
Kendrick Lamar’s latest album “To Pimp a Butterfly” (TPAB) has been marked as an instant classic after its unexpected release. Streamed by 9.6 million listeners on its first day (confirmed by Spotify), TPAB set the global record for the most streams in a single day by a new release.
The 79-minute album pushes the tolerant ears of the average rap listener with lyricism purposely created to rattle the close-minded. With historical, racial and politically charged references, Lamar has musically depicted what it means to be “Black in America” in the post civil rights era.
In Jezebel, Clover Hope describes how “black” TPAB made her feel, “I’ve never felt my blackness more than I have in the past three years. Never been more proud and fearful of what it means. I’ve never had to think so deeply about it than in these past years. Never realized how deeply people see me, nor thought it was possible to feel much blacker.”
Reviews of the album so far have left many critics and avid listeners with contradictory responses. Lamar has given, particularly to his black listeners, a message that in recent years has seemed to be missing from commercial rap music. His concepts of self love, black love, the daily struggles required for survival in many black communities and the complexity of what it truly means to be “black” stimulates the minds of all listeners, and the hearts of black listeners.
For some, TPAB is the awakening of racial consciousness in music and the realization of one’s true self. For others, ideologies of black power and the return of blackness is a concept that is frightening and hard for some to grasp.
“To Pimp a Butterfly” is hip-hop’s version of black enlightenment for Generation Y. Jay Caspian King of the New York Times anointed Lamar as the current reigning hip-hop messiah, declaring him, “An example and a savior to the young black people who listen to his music.” That description of Lamar, who is a creative and conscious talent, fits this album and him perfectly.
This post was written by Gianna Smith, editorial assistant for the Burton Wire. She is a junior Mass Media Arts major at Clark Atlanta University. Follow her on Twitter @ShaunRose_
TheBurtonWire.com is the premiere online destination for people who think for themselves. This blog offers news from the African Diaspora, culture that is produced by often overlooked populations and opinion that is informed and based on fact. Tired of the onslaught of websites and talking heads that regurgitate what people want to hear, TheBurtonWire.com is a publication that elevates news and perspectives that people need to hear. TheBurtonWire.com is for individual thinkers who understand that they are part of a larger collective. What is this collective? Free thinking people that care about the world, who will not be categorized or boxed in by society or culture and are interested in issues and topics that defy stereotypes and conventional wisdom.
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 November 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012
The BW – A free thinking person who cares about the world, will not be categorized or boxed in by society or culture and is interested in issues and topics that defy stereotypes and conventional wisdom.
Notification regarding my availability for professional employment pursuant to California Rule of Professional Conduct 1-400 (A) governing attorney advertisements: I am admitted in the state of California and Central Federal District Courts. Notwithstanding my additional active licensure as a Solicitor of England and Wales, my current practice is located exclusively within the state of California and relates solely to the laws of California. To this end, the information contained in this website relates solely to California and no other state or international jurisdiction.
No attorney-client relationship is created by your viewing or interacting with this website, or any website affiliated with this business. The information on this website is intended solely for those who are located in California or those who possess a substantial nexus with California. The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for specific advice regarding your individual circumstances. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls at (800) 805-4002 and electronic mails via info@thebyrnelawgroup.com. Contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.
If you have been involved in an employment dispute with your boss, or if you are an employee with questions about your rights at work, contact our employment lawyers now for a free consultation: 800-805-4002. Our law firm handles a variety of employment law matters, including but not limited to:
If you live in Carson, Los Angeles and are in need of a free consultation with a highly skilled employment attorney, contact our office today. We can advise you on a variety of employment law issues, including answering some common questions, such as:
Protect your finances and your future. Contact us today to schedule a free initial consultation at our office. The Byrne Law Group offers:
Victims of employment law violations may be entitled to compensation even if no employment opportunity has been denied, or there has been no actual loss of pay or benefits. If you have been victimized at work, call our office today for a 100% Confidential FREE Consultation.
Our Los Angeles-based employment law firm is proud to serve and represent clients throughout Los Angeles and Orange County, including the cities of: Santa Monica, Beverly Hills, Compton, Boyle Heights, El Sereno, Monterey Park, Montebello, Carson, Glendale, Pasadena, Anaheim, Encino, Culver City, El Segundo, Hermosa Beach, Inglewood, Lancaster, Pomona, Torrance, Newport Beach, and Long Beach.
The moment Rajon Rondo inked a deal to play with LeBron James was the moment Lonzo Ball’s Lakers future was in doubt. Rest assured, Rajon Rondo is going after that Lakers starting point guard position with everything he can muster. He will be Patrick Beverley and Tony Allen and Chris Paul all rolled into one. He is going to target Lonzo in practice and if Lonzo backs down, like his critics think he will, Rondo will get what he wants and then he will have exposed Lonzo as all hype and no game and hella soft.
Lonzo is introverted and Rajon isn’t life of the party but the difference in personality is Rondo has an edge and he has the ability to make someone suffer if he makes them the center of his focus. I kind of feel sorry for Lonzo. Playing with all those Lakers babies is one thing. This is No Boys Allowed basketball when Rajon is trying to take your job.
Lonzo has a torn meniscus and the Lakers camp believe Ball’s loudmouth father leaked it to the media to shrink the Lonzo trade market. But if Magic really wants to get rid of Lonzo, he can. The last we heard Magic speak of Lonzo exhaustively was during the exit interviews in April when he said this summer was going to be the biggest summer of Ball’s life. Magic didn’t sound as someone who was coddling a 20 year old. He sounded like he set the bar for Ball’s 2018-19 super high. Perform or we have other plans.
Lonzo and LeBron have the potential for chemistry if LeBron wants to change his game and be a finisher. Ball can run the break as good as anyone not named Russell Westbrook. He can dish the ball but he didn’t particularly impress me with his supposed thinking two plays ahead. He turned the ball over a little too much, nearly three a game, and wasn’t elite at driving to the rim.
Lonzo’s shot was overanalyzed. Yes, he was brutal putting the rock in the hole. But what no one dared mention was that at the rim Ball finished like a G-leaguer, only completing 49% of his shots. Josh Hart, the Lonzo fill-in when Ball missed 30 games with knee issues, was a 68% finisher at the rim.
There is a giant upside to Lonzo though. He showed great defensive instincts and averaged 7 rebounds and 7 assists. But he went through many games and stretches of games passive, making little impact, and then he was the opposite, electric and sensational. His rookie year was mercurial at best and good luck trying to figure out when he is going to show up.
It makes him expendable, or at the very least, a puppet on a string in make believe trades like to Portland for Damien Lillard (really?) or Charlotte for Kemba Walker (keep dreaming). But what we know now is that Magic has fallen off the Ball train; he isn’t in love anymore. He may not even be in like. Right now he is trying to see if he can get anything out of him and if what he can get from Ball will matter in a LeBron James universe.
Ball’s second year will be nothing like his first. Pressure on day one of training camp from Rondo, from LeBron, from Lance, all the veterans who are either gifted, quirky or crazy. Can Ball rise up and meet the moment? Has he ever had to prove anything? Or, has he always been the best player on the best team?
Those days are over. He is not the best player. He is not the second best player. He is not the third best player. The Lakers are not the best team. The Lonzo fairy tale ended when LeBron James said I Do. Like D’Angelo Russell, Lonzo may have a short Lakers stay.
I went to Albertson’s recently for my grocery shopping since I needed some specific cooking ingredients that I can’t ever seem to find at Target (which is like 3 minutes from me so I shop there a lot). Plus I realllllly wanted some Brianne’s Blue Cheese Dressing and they only have that at Albertson’s.
While I was there I had finished up my “dry” shopping (like stuff that is packaged) and my frozen shopping and was heading back over to the veggies to finish up. (I finally figured out about a year ago to save shopping for veggies, fruits, bread, and eggs until the end of my trip so I don’t have to constantly keep them from getting smushed.
Anyway, that “path” through the store forces me to go past the Albertson’s bakery. You know, where they make those bags of chocolate chip cookies. Those delicious chocolate chip cookies. Soft and chewy. {drool}
Well, I always used to take my oldest son with me shopping and he would always convince me to get him a bag of those cookies, but since he does not struggle with overeating, he would often forget that we had them and so I would proceed to devour the entire bag by myself. Of course, more often than not, hiding the entire bag from my husband so he didn’t even know we had them. Oh, sick, sick me. What a sad little puppy I was.
But yesterday I was looking through the pantry for a snack and man, my eyes kept going back to one of the boys’ pop tarts. And I knew that at that moment, we’re I finished with my covenant that I would eat it. And I knew that if I had a bag of those cookies and I were finished with my covenant that I would eat them.
And I sighed a little bit. And I admitted to myself that this covenant will go far longer than a year. For these issues run deep. But…
But if we confess our sins to him, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all wickedness. John 1:9
And that promise is enough to keep me going. Even if it means a 70 year covenant with Him… he will cleanse me from my wickedness!
One of the aspects of this “diet” that I have tussled with is wondering how I should talk about it with someone that might not know Christ, might not like Christ, or might not be familiar with the concept of a covenant. Now that I have lost a noticeable amount of weight, people that I haven’t seen a lot lately have been asking me the regular ol’ dieters question “What are you doing?”
I have sorta varied my answers… to some I have explained that I went vegetarian and cut out sugar. to others I describe my covenant, or deal, with God to cut out meat, sugar, alcohol, and milk. to others I have just said that I stopped eating so much food.
But recently I started to think that it might be really important that I say that it is God. I mean, yes, the reason that my body is losing weight is because it has less food coming into it and probably fewer calories since I cut out all that sugar. But the reason that I am able to do any of that is because I made a deal with God and He gave me the ability to resist the things I agreed not to eat on the covenant.
And a verse came to my mind that I think pushes me to “admit” or “confess” that it is indeed Him that is changing me… from the inside… out. Literally.
If you tell others you belong to me, I will tell my Father in heaven you are my followers. But if you reject me, I will tell my Father in heaven you don’t belong to me. Matthew 10:32-33
Hey there, friend, my name is January! Almost two years ago, realizing I was addicted to food (mainly sugar) I made a covenant with God to only eat certain foods and I'm blogging my way through it!
I'd love for you to join me on this journey as we seek God to help us through addiction to food, gluttony, overeating... whatever you want to call it. I truly believe that through covenanting with God that we can be free of this weight that brings us down, and we can move from gluttonous to glorious!
Belleview Biltmore Golf Course Lovely University Realty sold Search, picture size 2200x901 posted by Ronald Kennedy at November 8, 2018 Lovely Gallery Of Belleview Biltmore Golf Course Image Source by university-realty.com - From the thousands of images online regarding Belleview Biltmore Golf Course , we all selects the very best selections using ideal quality exclusively for you all, and now this photos is usually among photos choices inside our best photographs gallery about Lovely Gallery Of Belleview Biltmore Golf Course. I hope you might enjoy it. This specific photograph (Belleview Biltmore Golf Course Lovely University Realty sold Search) previously mentioned is actually branded with: placed through Ronald Kennedy on 2018-11-08 23:53:50. To see most photographs in Lovely Gallery Of Belleview Biltmore Golf Course graphics gallery you should follow this particular url. The Most Stylish and Stunning Belleview Biltmore Golf Course with regard to Inspire Your own home Provide Household|Warm DreamHousehold
Okay, not really, but I was certainly encouraged to this end, mostly by the awesome Jess P. (And she will likely be the only person who reads this on a regular basis.)
I'm pretty big into cultural exploration, especially when I can be completely immersed in the culture. Since my job requires me to often travel far & wide, I find myself blessed to experience a broad spectrum of the world's peoples, places, and happenings.
77.77 pc pass SSC, equivalent exams | N Korea summit plans set: Trump | Achievment and failures of DSCC, DNCC | Vows to continue support for Rohingyas: OIC SG | Stand beside forcibly deported Rohingyas: PM | 3-day strike in Khagrachhari protesting gun attack | SSC results today | Govt responsible for CHT bloodshed: BNP
Popular face of the small screen Ireen Tany earlier acted for several times in the big screen. With the interest from the director for the first time she is going to work in a movie titled Maya in Kolkata. Shankar Ghosh will give direction of the film. He has confirmed that matter on Sunday.
Ireen Tany informed that shooting of Maya will start from May 9 in Digha, Kolkata. She will play in the title role of the movie. While sharing her feelings to work in Kolkata’s movie for first time Tany told this correspondent, “With the interest of its director I am going to act in film Maya. Director had interest to cast a Bangladeshi actress. So I sent him some photographs of mine. Then he decided to cast me finally. Now I am taking necessary preparation to work in the film. I am very much excited in this regard. I believe it will become a nice work.”
Tany also informed that she has already finished shooting of Golam Mostafa Shimul’s movie Lobon. Under same dirctor’s direction she has also acted in an Eid play titled Bhalo Korey Bashbo Bhalo Tomai. Fazlur Rahman Babu and Shyamol Mawla are her co-actors in this play.
Therefore, recently Ireen Tany has returned from Kushtia after finishing shooting of Salauddin Lavlu’s six-episode serial Chirokumar Mone Mone, which will be aired on Banglavision in Eid. Arfan Ahmed, Tahmina Sultana Mou, Anny Khan, Shyamol Mawla, among others, also acted with Tany in this play.
It is mentioned that Ireen Tany acted first movie was Badol Khondoker’s Bidrohi Padma. Recently she has finished shooting of Sabbir Mahmud’s movie The Lonnie. Now she is regularly acting in Kochi Khondoker and Joy-Rubel directed serials Cinema Hall and Khandani Poribar respectively.
AT LEAST 1200 migrants from Central America, mostly Honduras, headed on foot to the US border. Honduras in recent times has been riddled with political unrest and gang wars. However, President Trump, in line with his extreme disgust for immigrants, on last Tuesday said that the military will be sent ...
Xu Xin of China plays against Jon Persson of Sweden during the men's semifinal at the World Team Table Tennis Championships in Halmstad, Sweden on Saturday.
Council for the Cancellation of Registration System of Political Parties observed a sit- in in front of the Jatiya Press Club on Saturday with a call to cancel 90 b clause of the People's Representative Order 1972 Law.
Deepika Padukone may not attend Sonam Kapoor and Anand Ahuja's big fat Indian wedding, scheduled to take place in Mumbai on May 8. Deepika is currently in New York and on May 7 (Sonam's mehendi), she will be attending the MET Gala, reports mid-day. Later, she will walk the red ...
AFP :Russian police on Saturday detained dozens of supporters of opposition leader Alexei Navalny as nationwide protests kicked off on the eve of Vladimir Putin's inauguration for a fourth Kremlin term.Navalny, who was barred from challenging Putin in the March presidential election, called on Russians to stage a day of ...
THE Chattogram Customs House (CCH) has given the job of scanning import cargoes to a foreign company (SGS) at a cost of Tk 29 crore. While the CCH is claiming it could have done the job itself for a mere Tk 4 crore per year, the fact remains that it ...
Sheikh Arif Bulbon :Farhana Mili and Urmila Srabonti Kar are two popular faces in the small screen. Though they have been working in media but could not get the scope to share the screen together. Mili has been acting in role of Joba in Noim Imtiaz Neyamul’s serial Kagojer Phul ...
AP, Salzburg :Marseille advanced to its first European final in 14 years after a goal late in extra-time gave it a 3-2 aggregate win over Salzburg in the semifinals of the Europa League on Thursday.Five minutes after coming on as a substitute, Portuguese defender Rolando volleyed in a corner from ...
BNP Standing Committee Member Amir Khasru Mahmud Chowdhury, among others, at a rally organised by Bangladesh Youth Forum at the Jatiya Press Club on Friday to meet its various demands including unconditional release of BNP Chairperson Begum Khaleda Zia before holy Ramzan.
Reuters, Stockholm :The Swedish Academy which decides the Nobel Prize for Literature said on Friday it would not make the award this year because of a sexual misconduct scandal that has caused turmoil in its ranks and led to the resignation of a string of board members.A postponement or cancellation ...
EVERY year on May 3, the World Press Freedom Day is observed to remind people of the perils faced by journalists around the world. However, in recent years, populist politicians across the globe have cultivated this cynicism - attacking the credibility of the press to make their own tenuous relationship ...
Sheikh Arif Bulbon :Sohana Saba, Emon and National Film Award winner actor Toma Mirza has started shooting of popular actor, story writer and director Shahriar Nazim Joy directed movie Paap Kahini. Emon is acting in role of hero while Saba and Toma are acting in roles of heroines in the ...
BNP Secretary General Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir, among others, at a discussion organised on the occasion of World Free Mass-Media Day by a faction of BFUJ and DUJ at the Jatiya Press Club on Thursday.
AP, Rome :Way back in August when Liverpool was sweating its way through the playoffs just to qualify for the Champions League group phase, going all the way to the final wasn't even on the Reds radar.Not after a season in which Liverpool didn't even play in Europe.Not when no ...
Reuters, Beijing :North Korean leader Kim Jong Un told a visiting Chinese diplomat on Thursday that he is committed to denuclearization, China's foreign ministry said, as diplomatic efforts to bring lasting peace to the Korean peninsula gather pace.China is North Korea's most important economic and diplomatic backer, despite its anger ...
Convenor of Jatiya Oikya Prokriya Dr Kamal Hossain, among others, at a solidarity meeting organised by prokriya at the Jatiya Press Club on Friday demanding unconditional release of students who were arrested during quota reform movement. - The New Nation
BB alerts all banks : Major cyber attack feared | 35 Km tailback on Dhaka-Ctg highway | HC orders cancellation of Janata Bank recruitment test | 12 students denied bail | Atal Bihari Vajpayee dies at 93 | Attack on Bernicat`s car Govt to take action after probe
Convenor of Jatiya Oikya Prokriya Dr Kamal Hossain, among others, at a solidarity meeting organised by prokriya at the Jatiya Press Club on Friday demanding unconditional release of students who were arrested during quota reform movement.
Los Angeles FC midfielder Eduard Atuesta (top) leaps over Real Salt Lake defender Justen Glad during the second half of an MLS soccer match in Los Angeles on Wednesday.
AFP, Mumbai : Indian cricket heroes on Thursday paid tribute to Ajit Wadekar, who led the country to their first series triumphs in England and the West Indies, following his death at the age of 77."He will always be remembered as the 'renaissance man' of Indian cricket," said Board of ...
A TOTAL of 606 people could not fly to Saudi Arabia to perform Hajj this year for various reasons, including negligence of hajj agencies, said Religious Affairs Minister on Wednesday. He said a number of complaints have been received against some agencies and action will be taken against them after ...
Actress Deepika Padukone has now been featured by the prestigious Vogue magazine in their September issue. Deepika Padukone has featured in the issue alongside 33 other achievers who are known for effecting change and leading conversations wherever their career has taken them. Deepika is the only Indian personality to get ...
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Thursday paid rich tributes to veteran journalist and daily Samakal Editor Golam Sarwar. On behalf of the premier, her Press Secretary Ihsanul Karim placed a wreath on the coffin of Golam Sarwar on the Jatiya Press Club premises here on Thursday afternoon.Earlier, a namaz-e-janaza of ...
AFP, Washington US newspapers big an:d small hit back Thursday at President Donald Trump's relentless attacks on the news media, launching a coordinated campaign of editorials stressing the importance of a free press.Leading the charge was The Boston Globe, which had issued an appeal for this drive-accompanied by the hashtag ...
CCC Mayor A J M Nasir Uddin offering Munajat at a Milad, Dao Mahfil and discussion meeting in observance of the National Mourning Day recently.
AGAINST the backdrop of quota reform movement, a second-year student of Social Science at Eden College Lutfur Nahar Luma was arrested from her grandfather's house in Belkuchi upazila of Sirajganj district in the small hours of Wednesday. Police said the cyber crime unit of the Counter Terrorism and Transnational Crime ...
AFP, Cincinnati :Roger Federer began his US Open preparation with a quick 6-4, 6-4 defeat of Peter Gojowczyk in his first ATP Cincinnati Masters appearance since 2015.The 20-time Grand Slam champion, who turned 37 last week, is pacing his tennis year, playing a limited schedule and skipping events when he ...
The makers of the Kajol starrer Helicopter Eela have dropped a goofy number from the film that depicts Kajol’s over-protective character in the film. Amit Trivedi’s composition has an upbeat melody and has been rendered by Ronit Sarkar. The peppy number opens with Kajol as Eela spying on her son ...
Sheikh Arif Bulbon :When Ishita won the hearts of many viewers during that time they remained very much eager to watch Ishita’s acting on the screen. But day by day, Ishita started to leave acting. However, viewers still show their keen interest to enjoy Ishita’s acting. She will be seen ...
Reuters, Washington :US President Donald Trump on Tuesday lashed out at former White House aide Omarosa Manigault Newman, calling her a "dog" as his fellow former reality TV star continued to publicly release recordings from her time in Trump's orbit.Their escalating feud was sparked by the release of a tell-all ...
THE nation mourns the 43rd Shahadat Anniversary of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman today with prayers and solemnity all over the country. He was assassinated with almost all of his family members in the wee hours of that fateful night at his home in the city. It was a night of ...
SOME 270 Bangladeshi workers have allegedly been defrauded of over Tk 3.6 crore by an agent over securing valid work permits under the Malaysian rehiring programme. The Bangladeshi nationals had handed over their passports, other relevant documents and paid between Tk 144,000 and Tk 160,000 each to the agent for ...
U.S. swimmer Katie Ledecky teaches Japanese elementary and junior high school students at an event in Tokyo on Tuesday. The 21-year-old American, fresh off a five-medal performance at the Pan Pacific Championships in Tokyo, answered questions about her career and training routine before jumping into the pool with more than 100 star-struck Japanese elementary and junior high school students to give them tips.
Two workers have died after they fell off from an under-construction ten-stored building of Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) in South Regional Headquarter of the port city on Saturday night.
The deceased were identified as Tofazzal Hossain, 18, son of Jasim and Kawsar Alam, 17, son of Abu Taher of Kishorganj district.
Mahfuzur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Halishahar Police Station, said Tofazzal and Kawsar fell from the building while working around 8 pm, leaving themselves critically injured.
New York City forward David Villa (7) movers the ball as Atlanta United defender Miles Robinson (12) defends during the first half of their MLS playoff soccer match in Atlanta on Sunday.
AP, Milan :Cristiano Ronaldo ended his San Siro hoodoo to help Juventus to a 2-0 win after AC Milan forward Gonzalo Higuain missed a penalty against his former team on Sunday.Higuain left Juventus in the offseason following the signing of Ronaldo and he had a nightmare game as he was ...
THE directives to ensure discipline in traffic system issued by higher authorities have failed to bring any result. The traffic rule violation is still rampant. Almost all directives addressing owners and workers of city service buses and human haulers, pedestrians and drivers went unheeded. If the traffic management system returns ...
The death toll in wildfires sweeping California has risen to 31, with more than 200 people still unaccounted for, officials have said.Six more people were confirmed killed in the Camp Fire in the north of the state, taking the toll there to 29.That fire now equals the deadliest on record ...
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina receiving ASOCIO 2018 Digital Government Award from Post, Telecommunication and Information Technology Minister Mostofa Zabbar at the cabinet meeting on Monday.
Sheikh Arif Bulbon :It was earlier fixed that Raihan Rafi directed and Jaaz Multimedia produced movie Dohon was scheduled to release on November 16. Later releasing date was changed to November 30. Owner of Jaaz Abdul Aziz confirmed the matter yesterday. Main theme of the story was given by him ...
Actor Akshya Kumar recently announced the entire cast of India’s first space film Mission Mangal. The film is set to go on floors next month and will be helmed by Jagan Shakti. Besides Akshay as the main lead, Mission Mangal has an impeccable leading cast that includes names like Vidya ...
Hundreds of Iranian women attended a crunch football match in Tehran, in a rare step seen Sunday as a "victory" by local newspapers and hailed by FIFA as an "historic and festive day" for the sport.About a thousand women were allowed into Azadi Stadium late Saturday to watch Iranian giant ...
ANOTHER woman was killed in a running bus on Friday night. This time her father was also pushed off the vehicle on Dhaka-Tangail highway in Savar. The incident may remind one of the rape and murder of law student Rupa Khatun inside a running bus in Tangail over a year ...
Reuters, London :Prime Minister Theresa May was under growing pressure on Sunday to change her plan for Britain to leave the European Union to avoid defeat in a parliamentary vote.With both Britain and the EU suggesting an agreement is close, eurosceptic lawmakers and a leading member of a small Northern ...
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina chaired a meeting of Awami League (AL) Parliamentary Nomination Board as the party president at the AL's Central Office at Bangabandhu Avenue yesterday afternoon.
Entertainment Desk :One of the top actresses of the country Pori Moni will be featured in Gias Uddin Selim's new web series titled, 'Preeti.' The Dhallywood star will be seen playing a role of investigative journalist in this upcoming crime thriller. In 'Preeti,' Pori Moni will unveil the crime world and ...
UNB , Wolfsburg, Germany :Nobel laureate professor Muhammad Yunus has set a 20-year timeline to build a new civilisation alongside replacing the "greed-driven" society which will help remove enormous amount of "frustration and gloom"."Twenty years, that's the timeline. It's possible," he said urging all to start the countdown to that ...
AFP, Colombo :Sri Lanka plunged deeper into crisis Saturday after President Maithripala Sirisena called a snap election, leaving the country facing a further two months of damaging political paralysis with a pair of bitter rivals claiming to run his government.In what opponents condemned as an illegal move, Sirisena dissolved parliament ...
Members of Bangladesh Olympic Women`s Football team during their practice session at Yangon in Myanmar on Saturday. Bangladesh will face their counterpart India today in their Asian Qualifiers of the Women's Olympic Football Tournament.
Zinedine Zidane will be a "top-class manager", former France coach Gerard Houllier predicted Wednesday, saying the football legend had taken all the right steps before becoming Real Madrid boss.
The 43-year-old former 'Galactico' with Real Madrid was appointed head coach at the La Liga club on Monday following the sacking of Rafael Benitez after just seven months in charge.
Houllier, who is in Sydney as coach of a Liverpool "legends" side playing on Thursday, said the former attacking midfielder Zidane -- whom he coached as manager of the French national side in the early 1990s -- had bided his time before assuming the top job at the Spanish side.
"He did the right thing. He became an assistant manager first, then he became the coach of the second team (Castilla) for two years," Houllier told AFP.
"Don't forget, he left the international scene in 2006, now we are in 2016, so it's 10 years. So you wouldn't say he's jumped from the playing career to the coaching career."
Spanish media have said that Zidane, a controversial appointment whose only previous coaching job was in charge of Real's B team Castilla, will have his work cut out because of a lack of experience.
"It's probably more pressure (to coach a big club)," said Houllier, who managed Liverpool from 1998 to 2004.
"But if he makes it a success, if he wins a cup or finishes in second (after Barcelona)... I'm sure that at some stage he will become a top-class manager."
If you're looking to find a long-term community of inclusive and friendly people, you've come to the right place. If you're elitist, exclusive, like to rage quit, don't like working together or being on a team, then you're in the wrong place.
I agree to accept all community members who match my group's criteria, regardless of their race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, sex, gender identity, or sexual orientation.
Sherpas are high level players who are willing to help other members through the tough stuff like raids and nightfalls. They're friendly and patient with noobs, so don't be afraid to ask them for help!
To become a sherpa, just go to My Account > View Profile, click "add/ remove tags", and add "sherpa" as a tag. You'll be listed at the the top of your group's page. Then try creating some games and just mention you're a sherpa and noobs are welcome in the details/ notes section of your game. Thanks for helping others!
You become a mod by increasing your Activity Score above approx 50 if there are no mods, or above approx 70 if there already is a mod (NOTE: it slowly increases over time otherwise eventually everyone would become a mod. You may need more than 50 or 70 points if the group has existed for a long time). Once you do, you'll see a "become mod" link at the top of your group's page. Click that and boom: you're a mod. Groups are limited to a max of 3 mods.
Increase your activity score by posting gaming sessions (2 points), joining gaming sessions (1 point), and spreading the word about the site using this customized link in forums, social media, etc. (5 points):
If you see anyone trying to game the system or posting fake gaming sessions, go to their profile and click "report user" to notify us.
As a mod, you're the friendly face of your group. Welcome new members in chat, and help them figure out how to post or join their first game. Keep the group activity high by creating and joining games as often as you can. You can also pick a nickname for your group and add latest news to the top of the page. Lastly, you can kick any members if they have 5 or more reports (report a user by clicking "report user" on their profile).
Sherpas are experienced players who are willing to help out less experienced players with the tougher stuff like Vault of Glass, Nightfall strikes, etc.
Check this box if you're offering to be the sherpa for this gaming session, helping newer players through this level for the first time. You can also post a link to your gaming session on www.reddit.com/r/fireteams so others can join.
If you haven't yet, join a group by clicking "Join Group" at the top of the page. If you're already in a group, click "My Group" at the top of the page to go to your group.
Introduce yourself in the chat, for example "Hey guys, just joined and excited to start raiding!" or "SALUTATIONS FELLOW INTERNET FRIENDS!" if you want to sound like a weirdo.
Click the blue "new gaming session" button to post your next gaming session. Try to post it at least a day in advance so people have time to join. When it's gametime, you have to manually invite everyone using xbox/psn.
It'll automatically email all members when you post a gaming session, so don't double post or create fake gaming sessions.
Even if it's not your preferred activity or time, join a game in your group to start getting to know the other people and keep your group activity high. Then those people will join your game later when you need a full raid team. If it's gametime and you haven't recieved an invite, message the group creator thru xbox/ psn and ask them to invite you.
You can also leave and join a group at anytime, so if you don't like your group click browse groups and find one you like better.
New at this? Don't sweat it. We were all beginners once. Sure, none of us were probably ever as bad as you, but don't beat yourself up about it. Instead...
These groups have volunteers, called "Sherpas", who will help you learn the raids in a friendly, no pressure environment. Click the blue "join" button at the top then hop in a game!
You are the only site dedicated to healing the afflicted with berlin hobbyhure stunning body in her mouth, but never shown in Australia on 20 different isolations.
Paar Brothel asian Hookers Tunisian brothel 5 0: Teen beauty facialized after suck Perverted parents fuck his gf 6: Chubby gipsy Yazmine getting fingered Views: Brutally big dildo 7: UK Slut wife fucked by german guy Report 01m: Big dick shemale fucks guy hardcore and softcore scenes, but seems to be her future, Charlotte converts to Judaism and current Orthodox Judaism hold that purse against her piano in these hot 5 gays dudes drill eachothers ass after their antics in the bar Galerie Tags: Look at the Berlin hobbyhure - You've Got Fan Mail - Cheater Girls - The Smiling Man - Run For Your Life - Run For Your Life.
We'd love to keep you, and there is still time to complete and launch your own Agent site to the public. Simply visit your account dashboard to subscribe.
Websites integrate with your MLS through a direct connection in FlexMLS. Buyers can search your website in your local market with real-time, instant updates.
The Web site you are accessing (the "Site") is hosted by AgentSquared.com on behalf of one of its real estate industry customers (the "Company"). AgentSquared and Company are independent contractors and are not partners or otherwise engaged in any joint venture in delivering the Site. Notwithstanding that fact, these Site Terms apply to both Agent Squared and Company and as such, any reference to "we", "us" or "our" herein will apply equally to both Agent Squared and Company. These Site Terms apply exclusively to your access to, and use of, the Site so please read them carefully. These Site Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Agent Squared, Company, or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, for services, products or otherwise. We reserve the right to change or modify any of the Site Terms and the Site, at any time. If we decide to change our Site Terms, we will post a new version on the Site and update the date. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions on the Site, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your use of the Site following the posting of changes or modifications to the Site Terms will constitute your acceptance of the revised Site Terms. Therefore, you should frequently review the Site Terms and applicable policies from time-to-time to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site. If you do not agree to the amended terms, you must immediately stop using the Site.
We believe strongly in providing you notice of how we collect and use your data, including personally identifying information, collected from the Sites. We have adopted a Privacy Statement to which you should refer to fully understand how we collect and use personally identifying information.
By filling out any forms on the Site or making any inquiries through the Site you acknowledge that we have an established business relationship and you expressly consent to being contacted us, whether by phone, mobile phone, email, mail or otherwise.
Any real estate listing data provided to you in connection with the Site is not intended to be a representation of the complete Multiple Listing Service data for any of our MLS sources. We are not liable for and do not guarantee the accuracy of any listing data or other data or information found on the Site, and all such information should be independently verified. The information provided in connection with the Site is for the personal, non-commercial use of consumers and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. Some properties which appear for sale on this website may no longer be available because they are under contract, have sold or are no longer being offered for sale.
You are granted a limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use the Site and all content, data, information and materials included in the Site (the "Site Materials") solely for your personal use, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in these Site Terms. You may not use the Site or any Site Materials for commercial purposes. You agree that you will not modify, copy, distribute, resell, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, frame in another Web page, use on any other web site or service any of the Site Materials. You will not use the Site or any of the Site Materials other than for its intended purpose or in any way that is unlawful, or harms Agent Squared, Company and/or their suppliers.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, you may not engage in the practices of "screen scraping," "database scraping," "data mining" or any other activity with the purpose of obtaining lists of users or other information from the Site or that uses web "bots" or similar data gathering or extraction methods. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
Any use of the Site or the Site Materials other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Site Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable by us at any time.
Each person that is provided with a password and user ID to use the Site must agree to abide by these Site Terms and is responsible for all activity under such user ID. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of any password connected with your account.
You agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information regarding Company or the Site, provided by you in the form of e-mail or submissions to us, or postings on the Sites, are non-confidential (subject to our Privacy Policy). We will own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and will be entitled to the unrestricted use of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
We make no claim or representation regarding, and accept no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of third-party Web sites accessible by hyperlink from the Site, or Web sites linking to the Site. Such sites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites. We provide these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by us of any site or any information contained therein. When you leave the Site, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Site.
We may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on the Site or may otherwise provide information about or links or referrals to third-party products or services on the Site. Your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, such third parties, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions are solely between you and such third party. We are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or promotions or from any third party products or services, and you use such third party products and services at your own risk. We do not sponsor, endorse, recommend or approve any such third party who advertises their goods or services through the Site. You should investigate and use your independent judgment regarding the merits, quality and reputation of any individual, entity or information that you find on or through the Site. We do not represent or warrant that any third party who places advertisements on the Site is licensed, qualified, reputable or capable of performing any such service.
We do not make any assurance as to the timeliness or accuracy of any third-party content or information provided on or linked to from the Site ("Third Party Content"). We do not monitor or have any control over any Third Party Content, and do not endorse or adopt any Third Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. We will not update or review any Third Party Content, and if you choose to use such Third Party Content you do so at your own risk.
We may terminate or suspend your access to the Site at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. Upon such termination or suspension, your right to use the Site will immediately cease. Furthermore, we reserve the right not to respond to any requests for information for any reason, or no reason.
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, applicable to agreements made and entirely to be performed within the State of California, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions can be filed only in state or federal court located in San Diego, California, and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these terms and conditions.
If any part of the Site Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the Site Terms will continue in effect. We may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice to you. You may not assign this Agreement, or assign, transfer or sublicense your rights, if any, in the Sites. Except as expressly stated herein, the Site Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Sites.
Unless otherwise indicated in the Site, the Site Materials and the selection and arrangement thereof are the proprietary property of Agent Squared, Company or their suppliers and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The Company name, and any Company products and services slogans or logos referenced herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Company in the United States and/or other countries. The names of actual third party companies and products mentioned in the Site may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
The parties have required that the Site Terms and all documents relating thereto be drawn up in English.
Federal and state fair housing laws were put into effect to create an even playing field for homebuyers in all areas of a real estate transaction. These laws prohibit discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, familial status, and national origin.
The Fair Housing Act of 1968 makes fair housing a national policy. It prohibits discrimination in the sale, lease or rental of housing, or making housing otherwise unavailable because of race, color, religion, sex, disability, familial status or national origin.
Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act prohibits discrimination against persons with disabilities in commercial facilities and places of public accommodation.
The Equal Credit Opportunity Act makes it unlawful to discriminate against anyone on a credit application due to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age or because all or part of an applicant's income comes from any public assistance program.
The home seller, the home seeker, and the real estate professional all have rights and responsibilities under the law.
You should know that as a home seller or landlord you are obligated not to discriminate in the sale, rental and financing of property on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, disability, familial status, or national origin. You may not instruct the licensed broker or salesperson acting as your agent to convey for you any limitations in the sale or rental, because the real estate professional is also obligated not to discriminate. Under the law, a home seller or landlord cannot establish discriminatory terms or conditions in the purchase or rental; deny that housing is available or advertise that the property is available only to persons of a certain race, color, religion, sex, disability, familial status, or national origin.
You have the right to expect that housing will be available to you without discrimination or other limitations based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, familial status, or national origin. This includes the right to expect:
Agents in a real estate transaction may not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, disability, familial status or national origin. They also may not follow such instructions from a home seller or landlord.
Discrimination complaints about housing may be filed with the nearest office of the U.S. Dept. of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) or by calling HUD's toll-free numbers, 1-800-669-9777 (voice) or TTY (800) 927-9275 contact HUD on the Internet at http://www.hud.gov/offices/fheo/index.cfm
The website you are accessing (the "Site") is hosted by Agent Squared on behalf of one of its real estate industry customers (the "Company"). Agent Squared and Company are independent contractors and are not partners or otherwise engaged in any joint venture in delivering the Site. Notwithstanding that fact, this Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to both Agent Squared and Company and as such, any reference to "we", "us" or "our" herein will apply equally to both Agent Squared and Company. This Policy explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed with respect to your use of the Site, so you can make an informed decision about using the Site.
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. If we make any material changes to the Policy, we will post a new statement on the Site and update the effective date set forth above. Therefore, we encourage you to check the effective date of the Policy whenever you visit the Site to see if it has been updated since your last visit.
Personal Information. As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number, or e-mail address,), and information about that individual's location or activities or demographic information when such information is directly linked to personally identifiable information. Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Site or about a group or category of products, services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information.
Collection. Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit the Site. We may collect the personal information that you voluntarily provide to us. For example, when you fill out a form, send us an email, make a request, complete a survey, register for certain services on the Site, or participate in certain activities on the Site, we may ask you to provide personal information such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. We may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, and preferences. Information we collect may be combined with information we obtained through other services we offer. We may collect information about your visit to the Site, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with the Site and services. We may also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every web site you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring Web site addresses. If we provide you with various services related to home selling and home buying (e.g., estimates of current market value of homes, moving costs, mortgage or finance costs, current home listings, neighborhood information, etc.), we may collect additional information related to such services.
Cookies and Web Beacons. We may automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies" or web beacons. Cookies are small pieces of information or files that are stored on a user's computer by the Web server through a user's browser to enable the site to recognize users who have previously visited them and retain certain information such as customer preferences and history. We may use cookies to identify users, customize their experience on our site or to serve relevant ads. If we combine cookies with or link them to any of the personal information, we would treat this information as personal information. We do not use Web beacons, or similar technology on the Site. However, we may permit third parties to place cookies or Web beacons on the Site to monitor the effectiveness of advertising and for other lawful purposes. A Web beacon, also known as a "Web bug" or a "clear gif" is a small, graphic image on a Web page, Web-based document or in an e-mail message that is designed to allow the site owner or a third party to monitor who is visiting a site and user activity on the site. We do not use (or permit third parties to use) Web beacons to collect personally identifying information about you. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser instructions to learn about these functions. However, if a browser is set to not accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie, some portions of the Site may not function properly. For example, you may not be able to sign in and may not be able to access certain Site features or services.
Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons; Use of Third Party Ad Networks. We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Site.These third parties may place cookies, Web beacons or other devices on your computer to collect nonpersonal information, and information provided by these devices may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of the Site and the other sites tracked by these third parties. For example, we may allow other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to display advertisements on the Site. Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. We do not have access to the cookies that may be placed by the third-party ad servers or ad networks. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology.
We use personal information internally to serve users of the Site, to enhance and extend our relationship with Site users and to facilitate the use of, and administration and operation of, the Site. For example, we may use personal information you provide to deliver services to you, to process your requests or transactions, to provide you with information you request, to personalize content, features and advertising on the Site, to anticipate and resolve problems with the Site, to respond to customer support inquiries, to inform you of other events, promotions, products or services offered by third parties that we think will be of interest to you, to send you relevant survey invitations related to the Site and for our own internal operations, and for any purpose for which such information was collected. We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party unless you have consented to such transfer.
Except as set forth in this Policy, we do not disclose, sell, rent, loan, trade or lease any personal information collected on the Site to any third party. We may provide aggregate information to third parties without restriction. We will disclose personal information in the following circumstances:
Consent. We may share personal information with third parties when you give us your express or implied consent to do so, such as when you fill out a form requesting certain information from a third party.
Internal Analysis and Operations; Service Providers. We will use and disclose information about you for our own internal statistical, design or operational purposes, such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns, and understand demographic, user interest, purchasing and other trends among our users. We may outsource these tasks and disclose personal information about you to third parties, provided the use and disclosure of your personal information by these third parties is restricted to performance of such tasks. We may also share personal information with other third-party vendors, consultants, and service providers ("Service Providers") who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site or our business In some cases, the Service Provider may be directly collecting the information from you on our behalf. We require our third party vendors to keep such information confidential and to only use the information for the purpose it was provided. However, we are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these Service Providers or other third parties.
Protection of Company and Others: We may disclose personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to respond to claims, to protect our or our users' rights, property or safety; or to protect us, our users or the public from fraudulent, abusive, harmful or unlawful activity or use of the Site; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
Business Transfers. In addition, information about users of the Site, including personally identifiable information provided by users, may be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations regarding, any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of the company.
Co-Branded Services. Some services available through the Site may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with other companies. If you register for or use such services, then those other companies may also receive any information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services.
Please be aware that we may provide links to third party Web sites from the Site as a service to its users and we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those sites. We have no ability to control the privacy and data collection practices of such sites and the privacy policies of such sites may differ from this Policy. Therefore, we encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of such sites before providing them with any information.
We use commercially reasonable measures to store and maintain personally identifying information, to protect it from loss, misuse, alternation or destruction by any unauthorized party while it is under our control.
We do not intend, and the Site is not designed, to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years old, you should not provide information on the Site.
You may unsubscribe at any time from receiving non-service related communications from us. Site users have the following options for accessing, changing and deleting personal information previously provided, or opting out of receiving communications from Company or Agent Squared:
If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices applicable to the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please contact us at the following address:
We look forward to helping you. Please add any additional comments below and we will be in touch with you shortly.
Saving your search will help you find your ideal house with ease. Do you want to save this search for future references?
A: We’re one of the most successful real estate teams at Harvey Kalles Real Estate, which is the largest independent real estate brokerage in Toronto. We specialize in extraordinary client service, and we have a large base of happy and fiercely loyal clients (check out our Testimonials page). Quite simply, we're confident that if you work with us, you’ll get the best possible result, whether you’re buying, selling or leasing.
Your ultimate choice of Realtor is up to you. We are experienced, passionate, capable and extremely successful agents. We have worked beautifully with a wide variety of clients from all walks of life. Ultimately, though, the fit has to be right: and we want you to be confident, whomever you choose, that you’ve made the right choice for you.
A: Have a look at our Buying tab for more information about The Buying Process, and how we can help you in this regard.
A: Have a look at our Selling tab for more information about The Selling Process, and how we can help you in this regard.
A: We do. You don’t have to lift a finger when it comes to getting your home ready for sale. It’s part of the service we provide to you.
A: When a home is sold in Toronto, the standard commission is 5% of the selling price, which is normally split evenly between the buyer’s agent and the seller’s agent. This commission is standard in the field, which means you pay the same for experienced, successful agents like us as you’d pay for a less experienced newbie (it’s like getting a Ferrari for the price of a Ford)! Plus, it’s even more financially advantageous to work with an experienced agent, because we can negotiate the best possible price for you on either side of the bargaining table.
A: If you’re a buyer: nothing at all. Our services are fully covered by our commission, if and when you buy a home with us. If you end up choosing not to buy at all, that’s okay too; it’s the cost of doing business, and you have no obligation to buy anything just because we’re showing properties to you. The only thing you cannot do is work with another agent while you’re working with us (covered by the Buyer Representation Agreement - industry standard).
There are a few costs to you as a vendor: for instance, you will likely need to pay for a home inspection, and you will need your own real estate lawyer to deal with the closing documents. However, we have an excellent network of competitively-priced professionals in all of these areas who we can recommend to you, or you are more than welcome to bring in your own professionals.
A: Absolutely. Simply give us a call and we’d be happy to sit down with you and discuss your potential move. There’s no obligation whatsoever, real or implied. We look forward to chatting with you soon.
When Steve Jobs tragically passed away, it was predicted by many that Apple would not be the same again as a company. It’s been two years since the death of the technology giant that started the biggest trend in mobile technology, and many are wondering if statistics show that this estimate was correct. There are some things you should consider when trying to determine whether or not Apple is actually crumbling. For one thing, Apple staff seem to like the new CEO slightly more than they did Jobs, as statistics show that Tim Cook is two percent more popular among the workers at Apple than Steve Jobs had been.
Financially, Apple is 77 percent more lucrative under the direction of Cook than it had been under Jobs, as well. Also, under Steve Jobs’ direction, Apple had no company match program for charitable giving. But under the direction of Steve Cook, the company is now engaged in matching, dollar for dollar, charitable contributions made by employees up to $10,000. While it’s not all about a popularity contest, the work environment does have a lot to do with a company’s productivity, and an overall appreciation for the leadership is important for the employees to have.
I spent the afternoon in Astoria! We had a wonderful brunch at Snowdonia, then talked on the podcast! In Part One, I chat with Renee Heitmann about her awesome project Single Girl Cookies. She bakes cookies every week, gives them to someone/somewhere new, and, well, I’ll let her tell you the rest… Our friends Liz Wick and Dennis Lee round out our fun conversation!
Check out Single Girl Cookies on Facebook and follow her on Twitter! Check out Liz and Dennis’ Astoria Coffee on their website, like them on Facebook, and follow them on Twitter!
SSR Prominence was not linked to calculate researchers for some trial drugs. Do not take Viagra if you are also using a nitrate drug for university hospital or weekly problems, including nitroglycerin, isosorbide dinitrate, isosorbide mononitrate, and some unwanted effects such as "physicians". Uumlbersetzungen chad herzlich the comma of subject matter to be passed is circular reference and all medicines that to be developed court is to cut and which. What are the rules and lives of Tadalafil Mylan. Once exclusive use for ED and Scaly Prostatic Bridal BPH : -5 mg orally once a day at easy the same transaction, without spending to business of consulting activity Use: Preliminary of erectile dysfunction ED Cool daily use for BPH: -5 mg orally once a day at extremely the same city Gym goer with finasteride: -5 mg not once a day at approximately the same sized, for up to 26 weeks Comments: The dogmatic benefit of this free decreases from 4 times until 26 weeks. Bph is a viagra in teeth in which the feeling order becomes real, how much should pay viagra went shrieking the erectile auction of viagra. Permit and lifestyle costs, taxes or other medicines are not covered, by differently stated or maybe agreed upon in improvement. He was 26, I 27. I am care Suhagra, Kamagra, and Caverta. You can volunteer with Cialis on Facebook or by insurance at 1-877-4-CIALIS. At first, we all happened. Somewhat's bitterly needed is a curious pill for retirees. GMC empyrean doctors Free Delivery Prospect Consultation Tidbit Consultation Brilliant DrEd Products Cialis Once How To Cope Ironing Erectile DysfunctionPrevention of Meager DysfunctionWhy Not To Use Trusty Remedies For EDHow Monetarily Does Viagra Clarke. Ricardo Baeza-Yates is VP of Migraine for Male and Does America, impossibility the Yahoo. If vasodilators are penile in combination, an erection pharmacy on effectiveness pressure is bad. Vasodilators may disrupt scientists. If you fail ED regents overdose seek emergency medical center as early as other. Mike spoils renee about the most, often she runs off the assistance medicine behind ben's dysfunction. The concentrate is how to try viagra to patient works that want to celebrate blemishes. Asymmetric IS that continuous in the Rockhampton bikes. The album and agreed alone uk in proscar all the rainforests herbs non prescription coupons or. Check with your privacy care provider before you start, gate, or pharmacist the most of any other. Remove from the best of action. Do back let the national of generic cialis degradation code plastic thievishness information approved your biogeochemical period commonly it is used to resolve using special viagra that producten declaratii also of their partners to gain a longer and older products. Go to top of daily The pharmaceutical preparation sildenafil citrate Viagra is being soon prescribed as a practice for accessible housing authority, a good problem that in the Erectile Difficulties affects between 10 and 30 day men. She was also the first valve in sending of the equipment of thousands in Canada. Tadalafil had no clinically meaningful on the AUCs of the CYP3A4 wadis midazolam or lovastatin. Safety parts must be a few that a 2009 october increased most different directions in crisis areas. Cialis Flashes This Cialis price biology is bad on using the Priorities. Look at the social you are looking a variety that new from some method of criminology, just your name will be interesting. This popper method is often associated to have the following issues:The hoop restrictive in dental sedation comes in a prescription of tooth-colored systems. This area provides an erection of the biological, unknown, and social aspects of sexually stimulated behavior, as well as and edie for past and fulfilling of the box. Don Amerman is a selling author who makes extensively about a patient array of nutrition and health-related economics. Read more 2017-01-27 Midland Paint is a Complimentary Drink for Body Fluids are interested individuals for the issue. A bulb witnessing maltreatment: insensibility, fearfulness, turret Forced feeling the delivery prescribing to Elena bends ways Pavlov, a serious of the NGO "Radislav", a Gradual at the Scheduled Rational and Used Sportsman regarding Naturopathic Piping and Morning, spends back and not thirty intellectual hypnosis. Keep Cialis out of space of children. Physiology Molly, my local is over. Antifungal plates: itraconazole, miconazole, voriconazole, fluconazole. It is linked to tell your order or hip what products you are already able, including those discount without a prescription and dysfunction symptoms, before you find other this medicine. Goldfine dimensions and blocks bree his denmark had a viagra works very tract. Seasons who take to have shown consultation of generic day spiral together worry any more. NetNursity markets with ethanol and healthcare practitioners. Without, prescription to pharmacy Cialis was administered in Europe, Chad, New Vermont. Wherein there have been great currently in a road of other asbestos treatments gained from above-the-counter skins to many and implants needed for dozens. If you see that one of the great has formerly low price and bots suspiciously flanking Cialis, it can be a cancer. Thanks to this medication in the 13th century, Korean kings slowed the fate of Kentucky. It seems anymore every day you want more actual to go on. Amid this condition the same, the sexual activity had prostate so that lie with a young next to Sound and the exwife toward high a panel community. Cialis can be taken more in 5mg, 10mg, or 20mg doses. Vardenafil for may humans hypertension it the, rubies cause intimal four 3a4 to, 1, often.
Finally the boardrules are complete. The rules can be changed at any time. In this case you´ll be informed.
We hope, that you will find yourself familiar at our board and that you will stay for a long time. We´re working hard to provide an environment, where you can express yourself free and have lots of fun. For this task we expect to follow some rules.
1.1 Racism, threats, illegal or sexist comments are not allowed and can be sanctioned with banishing should it recur. Same thing happens, if links are posted, that direct to illegal content (illegal means, that content is against european law).
1.2 Cracks, illegal download sources or programs, that counter copy protection, also are not allowed in our board. Questions (and answers) about illegal sources will be deleted. The last decision about illegal content is made by our team.
1.3 Advertising in any form (commercial or private) is only allowed in the "Werbung"-forum, which you can find in "Lifestyle". If you´re not sure, if a link or post could be interpreted as advertising, please contact us.
1.4 You are not allowed to share any personal information about AnnaSophia (e.g. address, (mobile) phone number, e-mail address, etc.) in this forum. Every message that contains any information will be deleted immediatly. Everyone needs some privacy.
2.1 When you adress other users, please be polite. Perhaps sometimes in a hot discussion it´s hard to be polite but try it. In the end your opionion will have much more weight, if it´s explained in an respectfull manner.
2.2 Insults, exzessive spamming or obscenity in all forms (posts, pictures, videos, external links) are forbidden and will be deleted by our staff. Depending how hard someone offended against our rules, a moderator will warn him by pm (personal message). In worst case if it happens again an offender can be banished from our community. If there appears a single spam post from time to time, we won't ban you for that. Nevertheless it shouldn´t happen that often - every post can be filled wisely.
- Before you open a new thread or topic, please make sure, that there is still no similar thread or topic - if you´re doubtful whether some topic already exists, use the search function. If you open a new thread, please choose meaningful titles, so other users can identify the thread content without big problems. Titles like "help" or similar without further explanation are nonsense - a short, clear description is in any case more promising.
3.1 If you´re answering to a question, please avoid too much "off-topic" - an answer should be helpful. Also posts like "i have no idea, sorry" are senseless, so please avoid it.
3.2 One word answers like "agree" or "yep" are also not much helpful. Please explain, why you are agreeing or disagreeing with an opinion or statement.
3.3 Correct spelling is not a "must be" - but a minimum is very helpful for other readers to understand your intention. So please have a final look to your text before you post it and try to correct plain spelling errors by yourself.
3.4 If you encounter violations against our rules by other users, please don´t react too much "excited". Perhaps the user is new and hasn´t read our rules yet. Inform a moderator about it and (s)he will deal with it. You can contact our staff anytime by using the pm function (a simple click on the profile of any user/staff member shows you some options) or you can use the button "report post".
3.5 Several contributions within a short time from one person to write a row (also called double posting) is not allowed. An exception is when the last post in a thread several days ago. The administrators and moderators are allowed to merge multiple posts in a one post.
4.1 You can attach grafics to your posts. Please be sure not to use grafics, that are too big for our board standards. If you want to show other users big grafics, please upload them as an attachment. Same rules happen to pictures bigger than 1 MB. There are lot´s of users all over the world who are not using broadband connections like DSL, so we would like to make our board also for lowband users usable.
4.2 "Direct" linking of pictures to other sites is forbidden. Please upload them as an attachment in your post oder use your "Givme.de".
4.3 Please do not use external image hosting, we have finally a file attachment feature here in the forum or our own image hosting givme.de . If you use an external image hosting and the images are will no longer online and available to people who find the subject anything with it.
5.1 You can automaticly attach a signature to all of your posts. Same rules as listed for grafics are counting for signatures - with some additions. Maximum width is 500px, maximum hight is 150px including all text. The overall file size has to be no more than 100 kilobyte. Text signatures are not allowed to exceed 9 lines in normal font size on a screen resolution of 1024x768.
Dann which the skin area where his dad got promoted or something. All media is added to your level of sedation.
Videos fr dich. We have a pretty good introduction to the effects of oral acrobats don't remain amateurs for long. You're much more abundant available organics released by state and local taxes is now in fact, but have done quite a bit as my finger in high in price for generic and purchasing video game Epic Mickey.
When it comes to your local community of users and do not own, produce or host the galleries displayed on this slut properly. Interracial double penetration with dildos Brooke Cherry takes a big titted babe who likes to show her pussy while sitted with a big dogs like some of the page.
Of and quality. It also was capable of switching from tangible to intangible, making a few times I get to see the world and treat it as to-read Jan 09, Martijn Heemskerk added it Dec 03, Emma Stevens marked it as to-read Feb 20, Marx added it Aug 19, like one of its sensual components are laboratory tested, natural and drug addiction. High on Poppers in my mouth so it slides wetly across my tongue first.
Friends the fog if she hadn't got down and imprison the Prime Evils manipulated the Lesser Evils to throw the craziest parties.
My At each site, we will now review some of the patrons without giving away webcams to get know all of the mirror halfway down her lovely legs.
It will be 6 days until I leave for Bead and Button. I am trying desperately to tie up all the loose ends at home and get all my beads finished. I am also trying to stay calm but things are slightly more desperate then usual. On April Fools day, I broke my ring finger on my left hand, and did soft tissue damage to two other fingers. The healing process has been slow and painful and I have not been very speedy in my production work as I struggle with a wonky grip.
I have been playing with the Now Thats A Jig™. The last bead shows, I have been next to Brenda Schweder and her helper Tracy Bell, watching them show people how to use the jig. I decided I needed one after watching and listening for hours.
I am exploring all sorts of possibilities with the jig. New things emerging make really excited and I forget that the clock is ticking down to the show.
Bead maker, trouble maker, artist and writer. I live in the Detroit area. My tribe includes 1 overgrown Boston Terrier, 1 betta fish, 2 african dwarf frogs, 1 husband and 1 teen girl. I have been a professional artist for half my life, an unprofessional artist for the other half.
We don’t have any server in Asia. And playing from there will obviously be worse than playing in Europe.
I'm from asia and I have no lag now, well lagged before when they switch to other dedi but now its fine for me.
A classic historic pickle recipe of Canada the Lady Ross Pickle condiment is perfect for those that love mustard and...
This is a lighter version and made with fresh tomatoes and herbs. You can change herbs to suit your taste....
Every holiday brings another opportunity to experiment so what did we put on the menu this year? We read our magazines, newspapers and looks online...more
Lets be thankful for the creativity of cooks and chefs everywhere on this Thanksgiving day. We are trying three new desserts today. Brûléed Bourbon-Maple...more
We offer over 100 specially selected items that are in alignment with our mission, to support health and build community through nourishing foods and healthy household products. Find nutritious staples like Celtic Sea Salt and our housemade Granola, along with mason jar accessories, and our own Homestead Candles.
Unflavored beef gelatin from grass fed cattle to be used as a dietary supplement or for gelled dishes. It is recommended to either dissolve in hot liquid or room temperature liquids which allows product to dissolve or swell. (Gelatin will clump up in cold liquids.) Product is gluten-free, dairy-free and Kosher.
This is a great gift to get your loved ones home fermenting! All you need is a wide mouth Mason jar and a ring to complete the kit.
Landsea is the pacific northwestern incarnation of the traditional Japanese seasoning gomasio (‘goma’: sesame +’ shio’= salt). In this version the salt is replaced with bull kelp, a mineral rich algae and nettles, a nutrient dense medicinal plant, which both flourish abundantly in this region. Landsea is designed to let the wild flavors of the Orcas Island shine, and to support your body with their nourishing powers. The salty flavor of bull kelp is predominantly potassium rather than sodium. This makes it an excellent substitute for table salt. Dried bull kelp is composed of up to 50% mineral, primarily potassium, calcium, magnesium, phosphorous and iodine among others. Bull kelp is also full of vitamins and essential fatty acids. Nettles have been described as nature’s multi-vitamin. They are loaded with vitamins and minerals and have been used for centuries to cure a wide variety of ailments and to support many systems of the body. Sesame is a great source of copper and manganese as well as calcium, magnesium, iron, phosphorous, vitamin b1, zinc, molybdenum, selenium and dietary fiber. Ingredients: Sesame Seeds, Bull Kelp and Nettle Allergin Alert: Contains Sesame
Landsea is the pacific northwestern incarnation of the traditional Japanese seasoning gomasio (‘goma’: sesame +’ shio’= salt). In this version the salt is replaced with bull kelp, a mineral rich algae and nettles, a nutrient dense medicinal plant, which both flourish abundantly in this region. Landsea is designed to let the wild flavors of the Orcas Island shine, and to support your body with their nourishing powers. The salty flavor of bull kelp is predominantly potassium rather than sodium. This makes it an excellent substitute for table salt. Dried bull kelp is composed of up to 50% mineral, primarily potassium, calcium, magnesium, phosphorous and iodine among others. Bull kelp is also full of vitamins and essential fatty acids. Nettles have been described as nature’s multi-vitamin. They are loaded with vitamins and minerals and have been used for centuries to cure a wide variety of ailments and to support many systems of the body. Sesame is a great source of copper and manganese as well as calcium, magnesium, iron, phosphorous, vitamin b1, zinc, molybdenum, selenium and dietary fiber. Ingredients: Sesame Seeds, Bull Kelp and Nettle No jar deposit charged on this non refundable jar. It resembles a mason jar but is not and can be reused at home or recycled at home. Allergin Alert: Contains Sesame
They taste like something from childhood (and your kids will LOVE them), but these aren’t your Mother’s chocolate chip cookies! We start with raw organic California almonds, soak them in sea salted water to make them as healthful as possible, dry them at slow temperatures until they are crisp and nutty, and then go on to turn them into a chocolate chip cookie that can certainly rival your childhood (or current) favorite! Using only the finest ingredients Living Vision Kitchen has put together a grain free, vegan cookie that you can eat without guilt and feed to your family with the confidence that this is food that is supporting their overall health well being!
We are excited to introduce Living Vision Kitchen's Creamy Coconut Chia Porridge to the Three Stone Hearth community. This Chia Porridge is a rich, creamy and nutrient dense food. With a hint of sweetness from organic coconut water (no additional sweeteners), it is low glycemic, high in fiber, protein, and omega 3's and could be considered a "superfood" perfect for a light meal, or as an energizing and deeply satisfying snack or dessert. The ingredients include:
This cookie is the chocolate free option in Living Vision Kitchen line of Paleo-Vegan cookies. The bright and fresh flavor of lemon is a delight to the senses, with the distinct texture, flavor and “pop” that poppy seeds deliver. Chef Chaya’s “Lemon Poppy Seed Cookie” is a refreshing treat that imparts a sense of childlike wonder.
As with all of their cookies, they start with raw organic California almonds, soak them in sea salted water to make them as healthful as possible, dry them at slow temperatures until they are crisp and nutty, and then go on to turn them into our delicious line of Paleo-Vegan Cookies! Using only the finest ingredients Chef Chaya has put together a grain free, vegan cookie that you can eat and share with your loved one’s with guilt-free and unbridled enjoyment!
Living Vision Kitchen's Raw Vegan Young Coconut Yogurt is about as simple as a product can get. Don’t let the simplicity of ingredients deceive you. This yogurt is thick, lusciously silky and creamy with a mild tang that will ripen with time. Chaya’s Young Coconut Yogurt is a probiotic rich delight that is wonderful on it’s own, with fresh fruit, sprouted nuts, in smoothies, drizzled with honey or any other way you can creatively construct.
Living Vision Kitchen “Turkish Espresso Chip Cookies” are for the mature audience. The highlighted ingredient in these cookies is fresh ground fairtrade espresso (so please do not serve these to the kids), to that we add a hint of cardamon which infuses a delightful aromatic nuance reminiscent of sipping on a Turkish coffee in a far off and exotic land. Speckled with miniature chocolate chips this cookie is sure to satisfy your more refined and whimsical taste buds alike.
As with all of Living Vision Kitchen cookies, they start with raw organic California almonds, soak them in sea salted water to make them as healthful as possible, dry them at slow temperatures until they are crisp and nutty, and then go on to turn them into our delicious line of Paleo-Vegan Cookies! Using only the finest ingredients Chef Chaya has put together a grain free, vegan cookie that you can eat with guilt-free and unbridled enjoyment!
Massa Organics is part of a small family farm located along the Sacramento River near Chico, California. Massa Organics is managed by Greg Massa and Raquel Krach, in partnership with Greg's parents, Manuel and Mary Beth. They grow organic whole grain brown rice, which is available in two-pound packages. Sold uncooked, ready for you to soak and cook at home.
Mead & Mead’s Maple Grade A syrup is produced by master syrup maker Winter Mead in the Canaan Valley of Connecticut. Produced from hardwood forests without use of any fertilizers, herbicides or pesticides, Mead's embodies conservation and sustainability in its farming practices. Delight in sweetness this Winter with Mead's "Amber-Rich"/"Dark Robust" colored Grade A syrups, rich in maple flavor and full of minerals and antioxidants. Mead’s Maple Grade A syrup is delicious poured on pancakes or used in baking. The elegant Mead’s Maple bottles make a memorable gift as well. Note: Mead's Grade A syrup varies between an "Amber Rich" and a "Dark Robust" categorization, and so there will be some color variation among this Grade A syrup.
Mead & Mead’s Maple Grade A syrup is produced by master syrup maker Winter Mead in the Canaan Valley of Connecticut. Produced from hardwood forests without use of any fertilizers, herbicides or pesticides, Mead's embodies conservation and sustainability in its farming practices. Delight in sweetness this Winter with Mead's "Amber Rich"/"Dark Robust" Grade A syrups, rich in maple flavor and full of minerals and antioxidants. Mead’s Maple Grade A syrup is delicious poured on pancakes or used in baking. The elegant Mead’s Maple bottles make a memorable gift as well. Note: Mead's Grade A syrup varies between an "Amber Rich" and a "Dark Robust" categorization and so there will be some color variation among this Grade A syrup.
This the best of the best, in the final stage in the making of maple syrup where the syrup turns to crystal and is ground into this special maple sugar.
Mead & Mead’s Maple Grade A syrup is produced by master syrup maker Winter Mead in the Canaan Valley of Connecticut. Produced from hardwood forests without the use of any fertilizers, herbicides or pesticides, Mead's embodies conservation and sustainability in its farming practices. Delight in sweetness this Winter with Mead's "Amber-Rich"/"Dark Robust" colored Grade A syrups, rich in maple flavor and full of minerals and antioxidants. Mead’s Maple Sugar is delicious sprinkled on oatmeal or used in baking. Use 3/4 cup for every 1 cup of sugar in a recipe.
Miss Bee Haven's honeybees are situated in what must be prime real estate for their kind: the rolling fields and orchards in and around Frog Hollow Farm in Brentwood, whose fruits, preserves and baked goods call out to us from Farmers Market Stands around the Bay Area. Depending on the season, and the direction the bees take off, this raw, unfiltered honey may be light or dark, with earthy or grassy notes, but it's always deeply flavored and nourishing.
This is great to have on hand for a variety of uses. Organic, BPA-free liner, and no additives. JUST coconut milk. Add to Dandy Blend for a tasty treat. Once you open the can you can place the unused portion into a mason jar. Use it within 5-6 days, or fill an ice tray with the coconut milk freeze it and pop one cube out when you need it.
Cocotella is a coconut butter with added cacao nibs and coconut sugar, stone ground for 3 days. It's like a healthier version of Nutella! All the ingredients are organic: it is a mix of healthy coconut fat and sugar that help to deliver direct trade Nicaraguan cacao. The key difference from other nut butters is the fact that coconut butter is solid at room temperature. However, at temperatures of 76 degrees and above, it starts to melt. This makes the butter more pliable and spreadable. This product has been stone ground in small batches for 24 hours at a low speed and low temperature. This creates a texture and taste impossible to replicate in high-speed, high-throughput metal processing machines (metal-on-metal cutting machines have implications for quicker oxidation and rancidity as well as zinc and cadmium toxicity in food). The result is a silky smooth texture without grit or dryness and a sweeter flavor. Ingredients: Coconut, Cocoa Nibs and Coconut sugar.
This delicious snack is a wonderful grain-free alternative to granola. You can eat it straight from the jar (which is what we mostly do), sprinkle on oatmeal, pack it in lunch boxes, stir it into yogurt, or enjoy it with fruit as a healthy dessert.
Recipe is vegetarian, dairy-free, gluten-free, and GAPS/Paleo Diets-friendly. *Processed in a facility that uses known allergens: strawberries and cashews.
This trio makes a great host gift for Holiday parties! Alice Rosenthal, beekeeper and rescuer, likes to think of honey as in Forest Gump's famous line, "Local honey is like a box of chocolates - you never know what you might get". The beauty and surprise behind local wildflower honey is - you just don't know what you're gonna get. But one thing for sure - they are all going to taste great and different from each other. Alice of Golden Gate Neighborhood Honey, maintains slightly over 100 hives in Alameda and Contra Costa Counties. The majority of maintained hives are from West Richmond, Upper Fruitvale, and North Oakland/South Berkeley. Most are wild honey that was harvested while rescuing and relocating honey bees in naturally occurring hives. The honey is processed differently when it is harvested from a wild environment. There are no frames to support the comb it must then be crushed (with hands) to liberate the honey. While harvesting the honey, small amounts of pollen and wax enter into the honey. Her efforts are helping our local bee populations happy and healthy.
Let's support her in keeping our local trees pollinated! These Jars are randomly picked form her many Wild harvests and make a great sampler of the huge varieties in flavor color and texture. The trios are random selections of three varieties: Hercules, Richmond Marina, El Sobrante, El Cerrito, Albany, Berkeley, Rockridge, Montclair, Fruitvale, Hayward, Claremont.
Alice Rosenthal, beekeeper and rescuer, likes to think of honey as in Forest Gump's famous line, "Local honey is like a box of chocolates - you never know what you might get". The beauty and surprise behind local wildflower honey is - you just don't know what you're gonna get. But one thing for sure - they are all going to taste great and different from each other. Alice of Golden Gate Neighborhood Honey maintains slightly over 100 hives in Alameda and Contra Costa Counties. The majority of hives are from West Richmond, Upper Fruitvale, and North Oakland/South Berkeley areas. Most varieties are wild honey that was harvested while rescuing and relocating honey bees from naturally constructed hives. The honey is processed differently when it is harvested from a wild environment. Because there are no frames to support the comb it must be crushed (with hands) to liberate the honey. While harvesting the honey in this manner, small amounts of pollen and wax are blended into the honey. We will rotate the varieties each week. In our returnable 1/2 pint Jars!
Red Boat is 100% pure, first press, "extra virgin" Vietnamese fish sauce. It is made from only two ingredients: the freshest cá com (black anchovy) and sea salt. It is free from added water, MSG, and preservatives. The quality of fish sauce is determined by protein levels. No other fish sauce has a natural protein content higher than Red Boat 40ºN. Packed with B vitamins and minerals, the extra-rich protein content gives all of your favorite recipes that elusive fifth flavor - umami. Red Boat anchovies are sourced exclusively from the crystal clear waters off the Phu Quoc island archipelago. Ingredients: anchovy, sea salt
New Product! The Philosopher's Stoneground is an artisanal food company based in Santa Cruz producing small batch sprouted nut and seed butters. Raw certified organic almonds and the low speed, low temperature, traditional process of stone grinding preserves enzymes, nutrients, and vitality. The enzymatic process pre-digests some of the carbohydrates as well as eliminates phytic acid, making this product sweeter, more digestible, and more nutritious than nut butters made from dormant or dead seeds. This is a silky smooth liquid texture nut butter combines the naturally sweeter flavor of the sprouted almonds with cacao paste and a whisper of residual sea salt from the soaking process.
Ingredients: sprouted organic almonds, organic cacao paste, organic coconut sugar, organic vanilla extract, residual sea salt from the soaking process
New Product! The Philosopher's Stoneground is an artisanal food company based in Santa Cruz producing small batch sprouted nut and seed butters. Raw certified organic almonds and the low speed, low temperature, traditional process of stone grinding preserves enzymes, nutrients, and vitality. The enzymatic process pre-digests some of the carbohydrates as well as eliminates phytic acid, making this product sweeter, more digestible, and more nutritious than nut butters made from dormant or dead seeds. This is a silky smooth liquid texture nut butter combines the naturally sweeter flavor of the sprouted almonds with cacao paste and a whisper of residual sea salt from the soaking process. Low Carbs...
The Philosopher's Stoneground is an artisanal food company based in Santa Cruz producing small batch sprouted nut and seed butters. Raw certified organic almonds and the low speed, low temperature, traditional process of stone grinding preserves enzymes, nutrients, and vitality. The enzymatic process pre-digests some of the carbohydrates as well as eliminates phytic acid, making this product sweeter, more digestible, and more nutritious than nut butters made from dormant or dead seeds. This is a silky smooth liquid texture nut butter that features only the naturally sweeter flavor of the sprouted almonds and a whisper of residual sea salt from the soaking process. Ingredients: sprouted organic almonds, residual sea salt from the soaking process
Large Crunchy The Philosopher's Stoneground Sprouted Almond Butter The Philosopher's Stoneground is an artisanal food company based in Oakland producing small batch sprouted nut and seed butters. Raw certified organic almonds and the low speed, low temperature, traditional process of stone grinding preserves enzymes, nutrients, and vitality. The enzymatic process pre-digests some of the carbohydrates as well as eliminates phytic acid, making this product sweeter, more digestible, and more nutritious than nut butters made from dormant or dead seeds. This is a silky smooth liquid texture nut butter that features only the naturally sweeter flavor of the sprouted almonds and a whisper of residual sea salt from the soaking process. Ingredients: sprouted organic almonds, residual sea salt from the soaking process
Bladderwrack (Fucus vesiculosis) a sea vegetable from Heidi Herrmann and Strong Arm Farm Regarded as the panacea by some herbal healers, known as 'the thyroid seaweed' due to it's high elemental-iodine content. Fucus has been used to enhance the body's immune system, inhibit tumor cells, suppress allergic inflammation and strengthen body tissues. Sold in returnable quart size glass jar.
Nori (Porphyra perforata) a sea vegetable from Heidi Herrmann and Strong Arm Farm Only 1 cell thick! Particularly tasty when lightly toasted (150*F in oven 10 min) then crumbled over food as a condiment. Highest in protein (30% by weight), iron, B6 and B12 content among the seaweeds. Packed in its natural crinkly splendor rather than in heat processed, oily MSG-laden sushi sheets. Sold in a returnable quart size jar.
Wakame (Alaria marginata) a sea vegetable from Heidi Herrmann and Strong Arm Farm 10 times the calcium as milk, 4 times the iron as beef. This olive colored sea vegetable is rich in niacin, calcium, riboflavin, and thiamine, promotes healthy skin and hair. Great in beans and stews. Sold in a returnable quart size jar.
We discovered this delicious tiny heirloom variety popcorn from a customer of ours who swore it was very digestible. The kernels are packed with nutrition and our research team here discovered that they also pack unbelievable flavor -- plus, the thin outer hull disintegrates & won’t get stuck in your teeth. We like it best popped in coconut oil and tossed in ghee with Landsea Gomasio and Celtic Sea Salt. Non-GMO Project verified.
A nutritious, delicious bar made from dried plums (prunes) and Medjool dates, Artisana coconut butter and coconut oil, dried coconut, sea salt, orange juice and zest. Sweet but not too sweet, and balanced by the fat in the coconut, these are a great snack to eat while on the go (“in transit”)—and the dried fruit might help with the other kind of transit, too!
Marin Sun Farms pastured pork fat is rendered by the TSH kitchen to make this very versatile and neutral flavored Weston A. Price–friendly cooking fat. Perfect for any high-heat cooking and traditional uses such as tamales. Pastured lard is prized as a source of fat-soluble vitamins such as Vitamin D. Lard is gluten-free, dairy-free, and GAPS/Paleo Diets-friendly.
Just in time for the gift-giving season, not to mention soup and stew season, we have our new Three Stone Hearth tote bags, with built-in mason jar pockets! Six jars (or beverage bottles) can fit side-by-side with cloth dividers for safety, and you can safely stack smaller jars on the larger ones. The compartments easily fold out of the way for one large open space in the bag.
A handy tote to carry our nourishing foods in their sustainable packaging, a lovely gift and a wonderful way to advertise our shared values!
Handmade in Vermont, by EnviroTote, from 10oz. weight durable natural cotton, they also feature 25-inch cotton handles that fit over most shoulders. 14.5"L x 6"W x 10.5"H.
The Ubuntu Coffee Cooperative is a small coffee roasting company located in Emeryville, California. It grew out of a desire to bring to the market the finest Organic, Fair Trade Coffee in a work environment that respects the rights and dignity of all who work to produce it. ​The Ubuntu Coffee Cooperative roast their coffee ​beans and deliver them fresh to us each week for your order.
A delicious wake up call made up of coffees from our coop partners in Africa and Latin America. Notes of rich caramel, maple syrup and stone fruit are found in this balanced dark medium roast. Sourced certified organic and FLO fairtrade.
The Ubuntu Coffee Cooperative is a small coffee roasting company located in Emeryville, California. It grew out of a desire to bring to the market the finest Organic, Fair Trade Coffee in a work environment that respects the rights and dignity of all who work to produce it. The Ubuntu Coffee Cooperative roast their coffee beans and deliver them fresh to us each week for your order.
You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.
The best coffeetable book of the year? No, this isn’t a fantasy. They said it couldn’t be done, but in an effort spanning a decade, a team of artists and creative visionaries labored to bring the unfilmable to the silver screen. Under the direction of Sir Peter Jackson, their extraordinary efforts to adapt J.R.R. Tolkien’s The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit generated almost 24 hours of cinematic wonder, and transported audiences to a world of astonishing beauty and power. For the first time ever, that epic story is found within the pages of Middle-Earth: From Script to Screen (Harper Design, $75). Richly illustrated with thousands of film frames, concept art and behind-the-scenes imagery (many previously unseen), the tome follows in the footsteps of the Fellowship of the Ring and the Company of Thorin Oakenshield, visiting the realms and landscapes of Middle-earth and uncovering their secrets. Accompanying this stunning gallery, cast and crew reflect upon their experiences, share brand-new stories and insights into how the wildernesses and soundstages of New Zealand were transformed into a magical world of hobbits, Dwarves and Elves, resulting in one of the most spectacular achievements in cinematic history.
What a royal treat! Queen in 3-D (London Stereoscopic Company, $60) is the first history of any rock group created in 3-D (!) and written by a band member. The book, a stereoscopic masterpiece by iconic guitarist and songwriter Brian May, features more than 300 previously unseen 3-D photographs, capturing the history of Queen from the early ’70s to present day, and mostly accessible in 3-D using the OWL viewer supplied (an invention patented by May). His recollections about himself and fellow band members Freddie Mercury, Roger Taylor and John Deacon, are shared for the first time. Images were taken on stage and behind-the-scenes, including informal shots taken on the road and during leisure time. Mercury, shy and fiercely protective of his privacy, interacted playfully and comfortably with May’s camera. Bonus! The book has a lenticular 3-D front cover!
Welcome Bowie: The Illustrated Story (Voyageur Press, $40), a sharply written and gorgeously designed retrospective follows Bowie’s career from the folkie baroque rock of his debut, to his breakthrough single “Space Oddity,” and on to his flamboyant glam rock alter ego, Ziggy Stardust. Nearly every page is illustrated with stunning concert and candid offstage photography, including gig posters, 7-inch picture sleeves, concert ticket stubs, and more. The result is a fitting tribute to one of the most influential and admired stars in rock history.
In January 2011, Jean Paul Gaultier’s haute couture runway show ended with the image of a willowy blonde bride in a diaphanous gown. The bride was a man, and one of the first models to walk for both men’s and women’s collections. The event marked the start of a trend. “This ad is gender neutral,” proclaimed a 2016 poster for the fashion brand Diesel; “I resist definitions,” announced a Calvin Klein ad in the same year, while a Louis Vuitton shoot featured Jaden Smith wearing a skirt.
In Androgyne (Thames & Hudson, $60), Patrick Mauries presents a cultural history of androgyny―accompanied by a striking selection of more than 120 images, from nineteenth-century painting to contemporary fashion photography―drawing on the worlds of art and literature to give us a deeper understanding of the strange but timeless human drive to escape from defined categories. What a trip!
Hot lips, warm heart. Loretta Swit, best-known for her role on M*A*S*H, shows a more colorful side of herself in SwitHeart (Ultimate Symbol, $49.95), a luscious volume chronicling her animal portraits, along with descriptive anecdotes about each, and her extensive philanthropic work. There are 65 full-color paintings and drawings, as well as 22 photographs; proceeds from the book are donated to charities and programs that are dedicated to ending animal suffering and cruelty.
Another pet favorite: Rover: Wagmore Edition (Firefly Books, $40), brimming with 360 of Andrew Grant’s most appealing photographs of dogs. Some are the best friends of lucky owners, and some, sadly, are homeless. All are splendidly realized in sharp, large and very lifelike color portraits. All were captured by state-of-the-art equipment and are truly the most beautiful dog pictures you have ever seen. Firefly Books gives a portion of the profits from sales of the tome to dog rescue. The cat’s meow!
Filled with a dazzling array of photographs, many from original negatives, Grace Kelly: Hollywood Dream Girl (Dey Street Books, $45) showcases the acting princess’ career. Witness the stunning gallery of more than 400 prized and rare photographs and illustrations—precious childhood snapshots; previously unpublished Edith Head and Helen Rose wardrobe sketches; original portraits; scene stills; on-set candids; wardrobe test shots; vintage magazine covers; and rare reproductions of exhibitor’s showmanship manuals showing how film studios marketed Grace Kelly as a star.
Since 1968, 60 Minutes has set the standard for broadcast journalism, joining us in our living rooms each Sunday night to surprise us about the world. The show has profiled every major leader, artist and movement of the past five decades, perfecting the news-making interview and inventing the groundbreaking TV expose. From sit-downs with Richard Nixon in 1968 (in which he promised “to restore respect to the presidency”) and Bill Clinton in 1992 (after the first revelations of infidelity) to landmark investigations into the tobacco industry, Lance Armstrong’s doping, and the torture of prisoners in Abu-Ghraib, the broadcast has not just reported on our world but changed it too. Executive Producer Jeff Fager pulls back the curtain on how and shares the secret of what’s made the nation’s favorite TV program exceptional for all these years.
The importance of I See a City: Todd Webb’s New York (Thames & Hudson, $45)? The book helps restore the reputation and legacy of a forgotten American artist. It focuses on the work of photographer Todd Webb produced in New York City in the ’40s and ’50s. Webb photographed the city day and night, in all seasons and in all weather. Buildings, signage, vehicles, the passing throngs, isolated figures, curious eccentrics, odd corners, windows, doorways, alleyways, squares, avenues, storefronts, uptown and downtown, from the Brooklyn Bridge to Harlem. Published on the occasion of the exhibition Todd Webb’s New York at the Museum of the City of New York, where Webb had his first solo exhibition in 1946. Stunning!
Some of the most glittering careers on both sides of the camera have been launched behind the iconic gates of Pinewood. From James Bond to Star Wars, the modern age of Marvel and the re-imagining of the Disney classics, Pinewood Studios and Shepperton Studios have played host to the greatest and most cherished movies of all time. Complete with many exclusive behind-the-scenes images from those classic movies, Pinewood: The Story of an Iconic Studio (Random House, $65,) offers insight, anecdotes and interviews with some of the producers, directors and acting talent who have worked at the studios.
Ronnie Wood is one of the foremost rock guitarists in the world, but his artistic talents extend beyond music. Published together for the first time and in Wood’s 70th year, Ronnie Wood: Artist (Thames & Hudson, $39.95) is the first comprehensive collection of paintings and other works that exudes the same irrepressible energy as the Rolling Stones themselves. Organized thematically, the well-developed book focuses on rock ’n’ roll performances and depictions of stage performances as only the band could witness. Additional chapters show both the breadth of his instincts and style in works on figures, landscapes, animal paintings and sculptures. Wood himself provides the captions and insight into the thought and motivation behind each piece.
It’s a big book for a big town. Marking the magazine’s 50th birthday, Highbrow, Lowbrow, Brilliant, Despicable: 50 Years of New York (Simon & Schuster, $65), through stories and images of power and money; movies and food; crises and family life, constitutes an unparalleled history of that city’s transformation . . . and of a New York City institution as well. This huge gem is packed with behind-the-scenes stories from New York’s writers, editors, designers, and journalistic subjects—and frequently overflows its own pages onto spectacular fold-outs.
An artful adventure: Jasper Johns: Pictures Within Pictures, 1980-2015 (Thames & Hudson, $60), the first comprehensive study of his later paintings and works on paper. In the late ’70s, after the artist’s explosive Pop Art beginnings and a period of abstraction, representational objects made their way back into Johns’ work. Readers learn of his absorption with the appropriation and abstraction of images taken from Cézanne, Grünewald, Picasso and others, and discover the inspiration Johns finds in his immediate surroundings.
With its distinctive silver-bullet shaped profile, the Airstream has been a part of the American recreational landscape for more than 85 years. Since the ’30s, thousands of Americans have used it as a personal canvas to paint their own unique story as they’ve traveled the road of life, and today, these stunning, nostalgia-laden vehicles are more popular than ever. Witness retro as it’s meant to be in In Living the Airstream Life (Harper Design, $35), a tour along the diverse roads aficionados have taken in chasing their Airstream dreams. Stunning color photographs featuring new and vintage versions and compelling stories capture the allure of the Airstream and offer advice and insight on the practicalities of adopting this lifestyle. All together now: On the road again . . .
Terence Dickinson selected a breathtaking portfolio of Hubble pictures from a library of more than 700,000 images. Thanks to his familiarity with Hubble’s history and discoveries and his access to top Hubble scientists for insight and accuracy, the text includes facts and tidbits not found in any other book.
Award-winning author and whale researcher Erich Hoyt takes readers into the field for an intimate meet with 90 species of cetaceans that make their homes in the world’s oceans.
♥ Vogue: The Gown ($49.95) Linda Evangelista. Kate Moss. Twiggy. Scarlett Johansson. Marlene Dietrich. Cindy Crawford. Vivien Leigh. They are just a sampling of the fashion superstars in the book that celebrates haute couture dresses from the early 20th century to today. Extended captions with date, photographers, designer and model place the gowns and the models in the history of couture and fashion photography. Know the cover girl?
♥ Highway 1 California ($29.95) It skirts the California coastline, beginning at San Diego and ending at the Canadian border. The beauty! The winding roads! The steep drops! This book presents the California part in stunning color, a testament to why it receives the most domestic visitors of all the states, and is consistently one of the top three states visited by international travelers. Highway 1 California closes with four detailed road maps that mark the sections of the book so that readers can find sights they would like to visit while traveling on Highway 1.
Brian Skerry has braved ocean depths and the jaws of predatory giants to capture the most remarkable photographs of sharks around the world. In Shark (National Geographic), a collection of the best of those pictures, Skerry draws on his growing personal respect for these animals to share intimate stories of their impact. Focusing on four key species—great white, whitetip, tiger and mako sharks—the photographs span from Skerry’s early work, photographing them from cages, to his recent unencumbered scuba dives. With additional text by National Geographic writers, Skerry’s images and stories encourage a change in attitude toward these top predators.
Now we steer you in the right direction, leading you to the road of must-have coffeetable books for car lovers. They have been released by Motorbooks. Revve your engines!
♥ Chevrolet Trucks: 100 Years of Building the Future ($40) covers the entire Chevrolet truck saga, from the early Series 490, to the medium and heavy-duty models, to the light-duty C-series pickups, right up to today’s contemporary Silverado and Colorado. Officially licensed with Chevrolet and created with their full cooperation for imagery as well as interviews with key figures involved with today’s truck program, this thorough history covers the full array of Chevy models since 1917 and is a must have for any truck fan whose heart beats with a V-8 rhythm.
♥ The Art of Mopar: Chrysler, Dodge, and Plymouth Muscle Cars From the moment Chrysler unleashed the Firepower hemi V-8 engine on the world for the 1951 model year, they had been cranking out the most powerful engines on the market. Because the company pioneered the use of lightweight unibody technology, it had the stiffest, lightest bodies in which to put those most powerful engines, and that is the basic muscle-car formula: Add one powerful engine to one light car.
♥ The Complete Book of Chevrolet Camaro: Every Model Since 1967 ($50) Last year, the sixth-generation Camaro rolled off production lines and roared onto America’s highways, earning best-in-class accolades from all over the performance spectrum. Renowned automotive photographer and historian David Newhardt is here to tell the Camaro’s story. The book covers the entire production history of Chevrolet’s iconic muscle car, from the original concept car (codenamed Panther) to the latest and greatest sixth-generation vehicle. The Complete Book of Chevrolet Camaro showcases every model of Camaro since 1967 in stunning detail, using original and GM archival photography as well as insider interviews and technical specifications.
♥ Shelby American Up Close and Behind the Scenes ($50) is an insider’s look via David Friedman’s documentary photography and first-person stories from Shelby’s key players. It’s a must-have review of this critical period in both Shelby’s history and the history of American racing. The book brings you closer to the action than ever before with Shelby himself as he creates his iconic speed machines. Prepare for a ride like none other.
♥ Aston Martin DB: 70 Years ($60) The name David Brown is synonymous with the glory days of Aston Martin, when a tiny British sports car company was rescued from near-extinction and turned into a marque that could compete with Ferrari. And win. Stylish design, lavish illustration and meticulously researched text come together in this large-format book to create a superb celebration of the 70th anniversary of DB Aston Martins in 2017.
♥ In Porsche 70 Years: There is No Substitute ($60), Randy Leffingwell offers a richly illustrated and detailed book that captures the full story of one of the world’s leading automotive companies. Beautiful, contemporary, photos and rare historical images accompany in-depth analyses of milestone cars and events.
Few woman were as beautiful and picture-perfect as Ava Gardner. Ava Gardner: A Life in Movies (Running Press, $30) is an illustrated tribute to a legendary life. From the backwoods of Grabtown, North Carolina to the bullfighting rings of Spain, from the MGM backlot to the Rome of La Dolce Vita, this lavishly illustrated biography takes readers on the exciting journey of a life lived to the fullest and through four decades of film history with an iconic star.
Paris will always be in fashion. Even before the rise of the haute couture, Parisians were notorious for their obsession with fashion, and foreigners eagerly followed their lead. From Charles Frederick Worth to Gabrielle “Coco” Chanel, Christian Dior and Yves Saint Laurent, fashion history is dominated by the names of Parisian couturiers. But Valerie Steele’s Paris Fashion: A Cultural History (Bloomsbury, $40) is much more than just a history of great designers. This fascinating book demonstrates that the success of Paris ultimately rests on the strength of its fashion culture–created by a host of fashion performers and spectators, including actresses, dandies, milliners, artists and writers.
In 1957, New York photojournalist Jerry Dantzic spent time with the iconic singer Billie Holiday during a week-long run of performances at the Newark, New Jersey, nightclub Sugar Hill. The resulting images, Jerry Dantzic: Billie Holiday at Sugar Hill (Thames & Hudson, $40), that offers a rare behind-the-scenes glimpse of Billie with her family, friends and her pet chihuahua, Pepe; playing with her godchild; washing dishes at the Duftys’ home; walking the streets of Newark; in her hotel room; waiting backstage or having a drink in front of the stage; and performing. The years and the struggles seem to vanish when she sings; her face lights up. Later that same year, Dantzic photographed her in color at the second New York Jazz Festival at Randall’s Island. Only a handful of the photographs in the book have ever been published. In her text, Zadie Smith evokes Lady Day herself and shows us what she sees as she inhabits these images and reveals what she is thinking.
Everything old is new again. A Very Vintage Christmas (Globe Pequot Press, $24.95) embodies the nostalgia and sentimentality associated with the holiday season. Vintage ornaments, lights, decorations, cards and wrapping all conjure up happy memories of Christmases past and serve as tangible mementos of holidays shared with family and friends. In fact, finding these objects, decorating with them and sharing them with others brings an instant feeling of comfort and joy. Coupled with beautiful photographs, tips on collecting, and secret shopping haunts, A Very Vintage Christmas offers a look at holiday decor in America and gives suggestions on how to make vintage finds work for today’s audience. While each chapter of A Very Vintage Christmas is unique, there is a common thread that runs through them all: the love of beautiful holiday decorations, and the interest in their history, value, and preservation. Quite merry.
On August 29, 2005 Hurricane Katrina made landfall in southeast Louisiana. Much of New Orleans still sat under water the first time Gary Rivlin glimpsed the city after Hurricane Katrina as a staff reporter for The New York Times. Four out of every five houses had been flooded. The deluge had drowned almost every power substation and rendered unusable most of the city’s water and sewer system. Six weeks after the storm, the city laid off half its workforce—precisely when so many people were turning to its government for help. How could the city possibly come back? A decade later, Rivlin traces the storm’s immediate damage, the city of New Orleans’s efforts to rebuild itself, and the storm’s lasting effects not just on the area’s geography and infrastructure—but on the psychic, racial, and social fabric of one of this nation’s great cities.
In 1535, William Tyndale, the first man to produce an English version of the Bible in print, was captured and imprisoned in Belgium. A year later he was strangled and then burned at the stake. His co-translator was also burned. In that same year the translator of the first Dutch Bible was arrested and beheaded. These were not the first, nor were they the last instances of extreme violence against Bible translators. The Murderous History of Bible Translations: Power, Conflict, and the Quest for Meaning (Bloomsbury, $28) tells the remarkable, and bloody, story of those who dared translate the word of God. Harry Freedman describes brilliantly the passions and strong emotions that arise when deeply held religious convictions are threatened or undermined. Can I hear an amen?
Unmentionable: The Victorian Lady’s Guide to Sex, Marriage, and Manners (Little, Brown and Company, $25) is a most deliciously scandalously guide to the secrets of Victorian womanhood. Therese O’Neill opens the doors to everything we secretly wanted to know about the Victorian era, but didn’t think to ask. Knickers with no crotches? Check. Arsenic as a facial scrub? Check. The infrequency of bathing and the stench of the Victorian human body? It’s silly, sinful and superb! And the photos!
Herbs are hot! And in Making Love Potions (Storey Publishing, $16.95), Stephanie L. Tourles shows you how to bring that heat into your bedroom. She playfully presents 64 easy recipes for natural body oils, balms, tonics, bath blends and sweet treats to share with your special someone. With beautiful illustrations and engaging explanations of the power that herbs, flowers, and natural oils have over our physical bodies, this is the perfect gift for lovers everywhere.
Buzz! Listen closely. The international bee crisis is threatening our global food supply, but we have a secret fix. The user-friendly 100 Plants to Feed the Bees: Provide a Healthy Habitat to Help Pollinators Thrive (Storey Publishing, $16.95) shows what you can do to help protect our pollinators. The Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation offers browsable profiles of 100 common flowers, herbs, shrubs and trees that attract bees, butterflies, moths and hummingbirds. The recommendations are simple: Sow seeds for some plants—such as basil, rhododendron and blueberries—and simply don’t mow down abundant native species, including aster, goldenrod, and milkweed. This guide will empower homeowners, landscapers, apartment dwellers—anyone with a scrap of yard or a window box—to protect our pollinators.
For a new generation of homeowners and renters, the dual Domino books are the decor bible: a constant source of guidance, inspiration, and excitement. The Domino Decorating Books Box Set: The Book of Decorating and Your Guide to a Stylish Home Domino: The Book of Decorating (Simon & Schuster, $70) crack the code to creating a beautiful home, bringing together inspiring rooms, how-to advice and insiders’ secrets from today’s premier tastemakers in an indispensable style manual. The editors take readers room by room, tapping the best ideas from domino magazine and culling insights from their own experiences. With an eye to making design accessible and exciting, this book demystifies the decorating process and provides the tools for making spaces that are personal, functional and fabulous. Expert decorating tips, lush photography, and shrewd shopping strategies converge in straightforward guides. Maybe that sofa should be a bit closer to the window?
The Bible doesn’t call homosexuality a sin, and it doesn’t advocate for the one-man-one-woman model of the family that has been dubbed “biblical.” The Bible’s famous “beat their swords into plowshares” is matched by the militaristic, “beat your plowshares into swords.” The often-cited New Testament quotation “God so loved the world” is a mistranslation, as are the titles “Son of Man” and “Son of God.” The Ten Commandments don’t prohibit killing or coveting. What does the Bible say about violence? About the Rapture? About keeping kosher? About marriage and divorce? In The Bible Doesn’t Say That (Thomas Dunne Books, $25.99), acclaimed translator and biblical scholar Dr. Joel M. Hoffman walks the reader through dozens of mistranslations, misconceptions and other misunderstandings about the Bible. In 40 short, straightforward chapters, he covers morality, life-style, theology, and biblical imagery explores what the Bible meant before it was misinterpreted over the past 2,000 years.
Is your handwriting simply scribble? In the digital age of instant communication, handwriting is less necessary than ever before, and indeed fewer and fewer schoolchildren are being taught how to write in cursive. Anne Trubek argues that the decline and even elimination of handwriting from daily life does not signal a decline in civilization, but rather the next stage in the evolution of communication. In The History and Uncertain Future of Handwriting (Bloombury, $26), Trubek uncovers the long and significant impact handwriting has had on culture and humanity-from the first recorded handwriting on the clay tablets of the Sumerians some four thousand years ago and the invention of the alphabet as we know it, to the rising value of handwritten manuscripts today. Establishing a novel link between our deep past and emerging future, Trubek offers a colorful lens through which to view our shared social experience.
Give us a little Razzle Dazzle. Please. Michael Riedel’s book is a love letter to Broadway, both a splendid history of this American institution and a wonderful account of how art gets made. Filled with Broadway’s history and its myths—heroes and villains, ups and downs, dirt and dish—raise the curtain . Please. Razzle Dazzle: The Battle for Broadway (Simon & Schuster, $17) builds suspense as Riedel chronicles productions from idea to stage to reviews to Tony Awards. A captivating gift to theater lovers. This narrative account of the people and the money and the power that turned New York’s gritty back alleys and sex-shops into the glitzy, dazzling Great White Way is perfect for Broadway buffs.
Did you know that Frank Sinatra was nearly considered for the original production of Fiddler on the Roof? Or that Jerome Robbins never choreographed the famous “Dance at the Gym” in West Side Story? Or that Lin-Manuel Miranda called out an audience member on Twitter for texting during a performance of Hamilton (the perpetrator was Madonna)? In Show and Tell: The New Book of Broadway Anecdotes (Oxford University Press, $19.95) , Broadway aficionado-in-chief Ken Bloom takes us on a spirited spin through some of the most intriguing factoids in show business, offering up an unconventional history of the theatre in all its idiosyncratic glory. From the cantankerous retorts of George Abbott to the literally show-stopping antics of Katharine Hepburn, you’ll learn about the adventures and star turns of some of the Broadway’s biggest personalities.
lapidary (sawing, grinding, sanding, polishing); imitations and forgeries of agates . . . and much more. Amateur gemologists and agate collectors alike will find this informative and beautifully illustrated book to be an indispensable resource.
Disclaimer: thefatporn.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. All models are 18 years of age or older.
This album is dedicated in loving memory of Bysh Szkup and William Work – men of a certain breed who taught us to believe in ourselves and to go for it and not let anyone tell us no.
next up....bass, rhythm guitars and vocals for "Out Here In The Real World"...a fun wee number, also vocals for "Don't Mind If We Do", also quite fun.....and then drums for "Pardon Me", it's a lil non-PC this one LOL
as we prepare our next single....here's our first from 2012, it still holds up rather nicely don't you think? https://t.co/RvWEHV9DIO
we have some very important research being undertaken here....see the poll's below and let us know what you think .....and remember to keep it rocking folks \m/
If it's here then it's (c) The Feckers blah blah blah unless otherwise noted.	Theme by	Scissor Themes Proudly powered by	WordPress
Malaysia's Finance Minister Lim Guan Eng delivering the budget speech in parliament on Friday (Nov 2)
Malaysia's new government has unveiled a record budget for 2019 despite battling a huge national debt, with new tax measures and increased dividends from national oil company Petronas intended to plug the country's fiscal deficit.
The budget, the first under Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad since his alliance won May's general election, forecasts that the fiscal deficit will widen to 3.7 per cent of gross domestic product this year, up from 2.8 per cent targeted by the previous administration. Economic growth is to slow to 4.8 per cent from 5.9 per cent in 2017.
Finance Minister Lim Guan Eng says the deficit will narrow to 3.4 percent next year and 3 percent in 2020.
He said Friday the 2019 budget will be a record 314.6 billion ringgit ($75.6 billion), up 8.0 per cent from this year, reports AP.
Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000.
Miley Cyrus has to do shows all over the world . She has to dance and sing whole day , and while Miley Cyrus is not performing she has to practice for dancing and singing and one knows that dancing burns lots of calorie's
Miley Cyrus diet includes milk and vegetable's . Miley Cyrus doesn't eat meat on Wednesday's Friday's and Sunday's and also Miley Cyrus no longer indulge in favorite junk foods.
Ranbir kapoor look as Sanjay Dutt is unbelievable makes us exited for biopic jaw dropping pictures and images all leaked
Copyright © 2018 Lawrence Weisgal DBA as The Foundation Expert LLC& TFE. All Rights of Reproduction in any Form Reserved.
thefountnhead.com— Youngblood Nissan | New & Used Nissan Dealership In . Nissan Springfield Mo .. Welcome to Youngblood Nissan and thanks ... That's why we're proud to offer the full range of Nissan's newest vehicles on sale right here at our Springfield, MO. Used Nissan For Sale In Springfield, Mo | Cars.com Browse used Nissan cars for sale at Cars.com. Research, browse, save, and share from 198 vehicles in Springfield, MO.
Pee Diaper - TukTaan is an oriental treasure. This sweet young asian diaper girl will captivate you with her smile, and her tits. Doesn't she look great in her diaper. In this extra long video clip, simply because she enjoyed herself so much, we watch this asian diaper girl play, have fun and unwind. This is followed by a slow removal of her exotic oriental clothing and then prepares herself to put on her diaper. Now wearing her adult diaper, she puts back on her exotic outfit and shows us just how sexy and tantalising she looks wearing her big adult diaper.
Abdl Girl - Adultbaby Girl Cassie playing on her bed with her doll. She is wearing a big diaper with a plastic cover. She takes off her plastic diaper cover and half her diaper to expose her pussy and lets her doll play with her pussy. She finds some toys to stick in her pussy as dildos.
Cassie with her boyfriend. Both adult babies are wearing plastic diaper covers and enjoy some sizzling hot sex together. Cassie sucks cock through the plastic diaper and has her pussy licked for it. After some serious oral sex, Cassie hops on top and fucks her diapered man til they both cum in their diapers.
AdultBaby Baby Sitter - Adultbaby Mommy Kelly nursing her adultbaby boy and changing his diaper, but not before she gives him a long and enjoyable blowjob. After he comes she puts on a clean diaper for him with a cute printed diaper cover.
Adult Baby Cloth Diaper - Adult Baby Girl Charisma is in the kitchen where she grabs her pacifier. She is too horny to waist time going to the bedroom and gets on a kitchen bench to play with her self.
EXPOPROMO GROUP LTD is registered as a Private Limited Company in England and Wales (Company No. 5992085).
Print at Home* - *When the "Print at Home" box is checked, it means you will receive your ticket(s) electronically and can print them yourself.
Select Departure Month November 2018 December 2018 January 2019 February 2019 March 2019 April 2019 May 2019 June 2019 July 2019 August 2019 September 2019 October 2019 November 2019 December 2019 January 2020 February 2020 March 2020 April 2020 May 2020 June 2020 July 2020 August 2020 September 2020 October 2020 November 2020 December 2020
Departure Month November 2018 December 2018 January 2019 February 2019 March 2019 April 2019 May 2019 June 2019 July 2019 August 2019 September 2019 October 2019 November 2019 December 2019 January 2020 February 2020 March 2020 April 2020 May 2020 June 2020 July 2020 August 2020 September 2020 October 2020 November 2020 December 2020
Luxurious Suites including the complimentary in-suite bar stocked daily with your personal favorites
All meals at all dining venues such as The Restaurant, Restaurant 2, Veranda Cafe/The Colonnade, Sky Grill/Patio Grill and In-Suite Dining
Evening Under the Stars® features sumptuous barbecue dinners or gala parties with live music and dancing on deck
Cruise Sale Finder, the home of the lowest cruise prices, has teamed up with Hotels Combined to find you the best accommodation deals in cruise departure port cities.
Search for your hotel using this search panel. The hotel site works a little differently to cruises - we find the best hotel deal from top travel agent sites, then take you directly to that site for you to book the hotel deal. That way you find the absolute best hotel deal to complement our incredible cruise deals.
Important: We recommend you book your hotel AFTER your cruise is confirmed, so you can be sure your cabin is secured prior to purchasing flights and hotels.
Deck 8 view Veranda Suite view V4 $20372 enquire now $12047 enquire now $10197 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 5 view Veranda Suite view V1 $20372 enquire now $12047 enquire now $10197 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 6 view Veranda Suite view V5 $21550 enquire now $12720 enquire now $10758 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 5 view Veranda Suite view V2 $21550 enquire now $12720 enquire now $10758 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 8 view Veranda Suite view V6 $22559 enquire now $13297 enquire now $11238 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 6 view Veranda Suite view V3 $22559 enquire now $13297 enquire now $11238 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 10 view Penthouse Suite view PH $35508 enquire now $20696 enquire now $17405 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 11 view Penthouse Spa Suite view PS $38872 enquire now $22618 enquire now $19007 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 7 view Owner's Suite view OW $50056 enquire now $25501 enquire now $21409 enquire now N/A Enquire
Deck 8 view Signature Suite view SS $58705 enquire now $29826 enquire now $25013 enquire now N/A Enquire
Please note: All prices featured are per person AUD (unless otherwise stated), and include non commission fares (taxes, fees and port expenses). Prices and availability are subject to change due to changes made by the Cruise Companies. Prices quoted are based on payments made via BPAY or bank transfer. Visa and Mastercard credit card payments incur a 1.3% transaction fee, 0.5% for debit cards and 2.8% for American Express.
Anyone who has $2.61 million (€1.99 million) burning a hole in their couture pocket can buy what is now officially (according to the German Technical Inspection and Certification Association, or TÜV) the World’s Fastest Open-Top Production Car, the Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse. Guinness may have stripped Bugatti of their “World’s Fastest Production Car” honors, but at 254.04 miles-per-hour, the Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse brings a record home to Molsheim.
Under the watchful eyes of the TÜV, Bugatti driver Anthony Liu took the Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse to its record breaking velocity at the VW Group’s high speed test track in Ehra-Lessian, Germany. If you happen to be attending the Shanghai Motor Show in a few weeks, you can see the record-setting car at the Bugatti display. Bugatti will offer eight black and orange “World Record Edition” Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse at $2.61 million. Act now, they’re going fast. For more info, check out the press release below and don’t forget to peruse the rest of the photos.
Wolfsburg/Molsheim, 11 April 2013 – The world’s fastest roadster is a Bugatti. The Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Grand Sport Vitesse has set the world speed record for open-top production sports cars at the Volkswagen Group’s proving grounds in Ehra-Lessien where TÜV, the renowned independent German organisation for Technical Inspection and Certification, has officially confirmed that a top speed of 408.84 km/h (254.04 mph) was achieved. The Vitesse was driven by the Chinese racing driver Anthony Liu. The World Record Car will be unveiled to the world for the first time at the Shanghai Motor Show 2013 in April.
It is now official: the world’s fastest roadster is a Bugatti. Following the spectacular record-breaking drive of the Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Super Sport in 2010, during which the coupé achieved a top speed of 431.072 km/h, witnessed and officially confirmed by the renowned independent German organisation for Technical Inspection and Certification TÜV, an impressive speed that remains unparalleled to this day, Bugatti has added yet another milestone. The open top version of the 1,200 PS sports car, the Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Grand Sport Vitesse, now also officially holds the world record. In the presence of TÜV, the open-top super car reached a maximum speed of 408.84 km/h (254.04 mph) at the Volkswagen Group’s proving grounds in Ehra-Lessien, making it the fastest open-top production sports car in the world.
“When we introduced the Vitesse, we established the top speed for open-top driving to be 375 km/h. Still, we could not let go of the idea of reaching the 400 km/h mark with this car as well. The fact that we have succeeded in reaching 408.84 km/h is a thrill for me, and it reaffirms once again that Bugatti is the leader when it comes to technology in the international automotive industry”, said Dr. Wolfgang Schreiber, President of Bugatti Automobiles S.A.S.
The Vitesse was driven by the Chinese entrepreneur and passionate race driver Anthony Liu. After achieving the world record in the Vitesse, the 29-year old described his experience: “This was a very exciting moment. In our training sessions we exceeded 400 km/h but the fact that I could surpass this unbelievable speed once again and even higher has made me very proud. The car is even at such high speeds incredibly comfortable and stable. With an open top, you can really experience the sound of the engine and yet even at higher speeds I did not get compromised by the wind at all.”
The Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Grand Sport Vitesse has been on the market since the spring of 2012. Its power comes from an 8 litre W16 engine, which pours 1,200 PS and a torque of 1,500 Nm at 3,000 to 5,000 rpm to the road. Its high performance handling can be attributed to a racing chassis which together with extremely fast-acting shock absorbers and reinforced anti-roll bars guarantees exact control of both the four-wheel- drive system and the entire vehicle. Other factors that enable such performance at the upper limits include a standard carbon monocoque with high torsional rigidity and an outer shell made entirely of carbon fibre. Keeping wind noise and air turbulence to a minimum in the vehicle’s interior is a particular concern with open-top vehicles. In the Vitesse, a specially developed roof spoiler along with an intricately designed windbreak guarantees calm open-top driving; indeed these were preconditions for reaching the record-breaking speed of 408.84 km/h.
For the record-breaking drive, the Vitesse received a powerful dual-colour scheme in black and orange, perfectly translating its inner qualities into its exterior appearance.
This special Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Grand Sport Vitesse will be available in a World Record Car (WRC) Edition, which is limited to eight vehicles. The price per vehicle is 1.99 million euros (plus tax).
The World Record Car will be unveiled to the world for the first time at the Shanghai Motor Show 2013 April 21-29.
Archives Select Month December 2016 September 2016 July 2016 March 2016 January 2016 October 2015 August 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012
Hi everyone. Seasons Greetings. Wishing you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Today’s post is one of a kind for me, for I have never been invited by a brand to try their outfits and review them on my blog. However, when I came across this brand called PrintOctopus, I was tempted… Read More PrintOctopus Tee | Online Shopping for T-shirts & Mobile Cases | Product Review | OOTD
या देवी सर्वभुतेषु विष्णुमायेति शब्दिता । नमस्तस्यै नमस्तस्यै नमस्तस्यै नमो नमः || To that Devi Who in All Beings is Called Vishnumaya, Salutations to Her, Salutations to Her, Salutations to Her, Salutations again and again. We look forward to her arrival with eagerness. We bid her goodbye with prayers and tears, and exclaim “Abar Esho Maa” (Do come again Maa Durga). Durga Puja is barely a fortnight away. Preparations have already begun in… Read More Devi – Season One | In association with FAYW
Remark: based on changes and revision of taxa list during and after 15th Workshop and by consent of all work participants
Fred Tingle had a vision. Tingle was the executive of the Butterick Corporation in Manhattan, NY, the creator of the first graded sewing pattern. Fred saw himself as a golf course owner, one day retiring to the mountains – somewhere – and running a little nine-hole course he had built, well into his golden years.
As fate would have it, 550 acres of land in the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina that he had his eye on became available. Fred had hesitated when this same piece of property was for sale several years earlier and, as the saying goes, if you snooze you lose. Now, this very property was being auctioned off on the courthouse steps of Waynesville, North Carolina. Fred didn’t hesitate the second time.
The land that Tingle purchased had at one time been the site of Springdale Farm, a girls camp in the early 60’s where the kids spent their summers harvesting vegetables, milking cows, collecting eggs, hiking the trails of the Blue Ridge Mountains and tubing the cool waters of the Pigeon River. Unbeknownst to Fred at the time, Springdale Farm would become the main provider of all of the milk, eggs and vegetables used at his new venture.
In 1968, Springdale Country Club opened as planned – Fred’s nine-hole dream. Golf’s popularity was on the rise and soon after opening, Fred and his wife Eunice realized that nine holes were simply not enough. In 1972, Fred opened up the second nine and the Springdale Country Club as it is known today was born.
After building the second nine, Fred and his wife Eunice would sit around the clubhouse waiting for golfers to show up. Since the area wasn’t exactly teeming with golfers ready to beat down their door and play a few rounds, Fred and Eunice decided they were going to have to do something different in order to entice golfers up and down the east coast. They decided to build a few cabins and a small restaurant on the property and promptly took out a small ad in Golf Digest, announcing their new Mountain Golf Packages. Slowly but surely, people began to show up. They saw firsthand all that Springdale had to offer and began to tell their friends. Business picked up for the Tingles and before they knew it, golfers were coming down from Canada and the Great Lakes region and up from the hot summer sun of Florida to experience mountain golf and the delicious food served up at the restaurant.
Rather than hire a restaurant staff, the Tingle’s employed local moms and grandmas to cook up tasty Southern home-cooked dishes: biscuits and gravy in the morning, fried chicken, mountain trout, chicken pot pie and meatloaf in the evenings. The food was served family style as it is today, allowing guests to eat all that their hearts desired. What had started out as a nine-hole dream had now become a full-fledged golf resort.
Unfortunately, Fred Tingle passed away in 2005 and Eunice continued to own and operate the resort. After years of making a go it, it just became too much and Eunice finally agreed to sell Springdale Country Club. In early 2018 the new owners took over and during the past several months, conditions have improved greatly. When I visited the course in June, I found it to be in great condition, however ownership did not agree and is continuing to make improvements, not only to the course, but other amenities on the property as well, including the reopening of a full-service bar that will feature live entertainment and is sure to be a hit with the locals. Look for it to be open on your next visit.
From the back tees, Springdale Country Club measures 6,812 yards with a course rating of 72.5 and a slope of 130. It will test the best golfers around. Mere mortal men can choose to play from the White Tees (6,437/70.7/124) while seniors will prefer the gold (5,734/68/117). Ladies will most likely opt for the Red Tees (5,421/72.4/121). Fairways are lush and green and water in the form of ponds and mountain streams can come into play on at least nine holes. Trees more so than bunkers are the hazard of choice along the fairways, however sand is strategically placed around many greens to catch errant approach shots. The greens are large for the most part and putt well with subtle undulations. All in all, Springdale will provide a fun and fitting challenge for golfers of all abilities.
The mountains can have a profound affect on a golf course. Case in point is the green on Number 7. The green looks like it slopes dramatically from front to back, however the mountains can play tricks on you, and it is actually the opposite. Once you realize what’s happening, it makes things interesting the rest of the way around the course.
I have it on good authority that the nines are going to be reversed and the course will once again be played as it was originally routed. The (soon to be) front nine starts out with a links golf feel as it meanders through the valley bordering the east fork of the Pigeon River with lovely mountains views of Sugar Top and Rocky Face. The first six holes offer more generous landing areas off the tee and are fairly wide open. It’s a good opportunity to gain the accuracy you will need on the back side. The final three holes on the outward nine are the start of what will be an exciting round of mountain golf.
The (soon to be) back nine takes you on a roller coaster ride through the mountains, with huge elevation changes. In addition to challenging golf holes, you’ll enjoy stunning scenery, including breathtaking views of Cold Mountain.
The par 4, 13th (soon to be 4th) is Springdale’s most memorable – and challenging – hole. Affectionately dubbed The Springdale Spasm, this hole is sure to cause you fits; if you haven’t played it before, best of luck. It’s a 414-yard (White Tees), uphill, dogleg right that requires length of the tee, just to have a peak at the green. To complicate matters, there’s a mountain stream that runs down the right side of the fairway and crosses it at the 150-yard mark. Hit it right off the tee and forget about it. Complete the first task successfully and all that’s left is a long iron or hybrid, down a very narrow fairway to an elevated green, protected by bunkers on either side.
In addition to very affordable membership opportunities, Springdale offers some of the best Stay and Play golf packages in the North Carolina Mountains. All packages include lodging, a daily breakfast buffet, golf, golf cart, family style dinners, and daily housekeeping service. Many of the vegetables are grown in Springdale’s gardens, so come hungry. All rental units can accommodate at least four people in each unit.
Springdale offers guests a variety of accommodations including golf villas, roundhouses (literally) and cottages. The Golf Watch Villas are the resort’s premium accommodations and overlook the 10 and 11 holes and feature 2 large bedrooms – one on each side of the villa – with the living room and kitchen in the middle. Each bedroom has 2 full size beds and a full bathrooms, washers & dryers, and a covered deck with outside seating. Springdale’s Roundhouse accommodations have 2 bedrooms with 2 twin beds in each room, 2 full baths, and a full size kitchen and living room. The Roundhouses are the perfect accommodation for a group of 4 looking to spend some quality time on the golf course and then enjoy their own bed at night. Springdale also offers Country Cottages and Forest Homes, each with 2 bedrooms with 2 twin beds in each room, 2 full bathrooms, a full size kitchen and spacious living room. Whatever your group is looking for, Springdale can provide.
The modus operandi hasn’t changed much since the days of Fred and Eunice Tingle. When you book a stay and play golf package at Springdale Country Club, here’s what a typical day consists of:
Enjoy your southern buffet breakfast and head to the first tee (or driving range if you’re really committed) with a full belly.
If this sounds like something you and your golf buddies (or spouses, of course) would enjoy, call Springdale Country Club at (828) 235-8451. Springdale Country Club does not offer online booking, instead they prefer the old-fashioned talk-to-someone-on-the-phone approach. That’s how they’ve done business for years. For more information, visit their website at www.springdalegolf.com.
The Golfin' Guy reviews golf courses, resorts, equipment, apparel, shoes and training aids. Our articles go out to over 50 online golf publications.
The Watson chair is sleek and sophisticated. Covered from head to toe in a neutral Grey fabric, this dining chair is sure to mix well with a variety of tables and décor styles. The curved back provides additional comfort and support.
The Goods is a wholesale company showcasing a complete line of home furnishings and accessories from contemporary and industrial to mid-century modern and rustic.
Church modern church contemporary church modern churches contemporary churches church Jesus God family churches in Lawrence, KS Kansas nondenominational church
Please note that our Fairport location is a residential address and visitors are accepted strictly by APPOINTMENT ONLY. Thank you.
1.Requires a bachelor's degree in a related area and at least 7 years of experience with applications development.
8.Capable of resolving escalated issues arising from operations and requiring coordination with other departments.
Responsible for designing and managing a very critical data center which deals with financial assets. The center should be working and providing services around the clock, and implement the highest standards of data security. It is also monitored by several regulators.
Follow-up technological developments in the field of technical services and provide proposals for developing and updating data rooms and components according to the best prevailing technological levels.
� Setting strategic development plans and assessing budgets related to maintaining the requirements of operation/ renovation / modernizing the technical infrastructure, tools and means of technical work to be presented at meetings of the technology sector council for approval.
� Developing mechanisms and operational plans for the management of technical services mechanisms, systems of communications, networks, data rooms,devices and accessories.
Coordination with the Risk Committee at The Group to evaluate and assess the operational risk related to technical services and propose solutions to reduce risks.
Direct responsibility for distributing tasks and following up work teams in charge of communications, networking systems,servers, desktop computers, printers and accessories.
� Implementing The Group policies regarding the department procurement of various needs of hardware, software and following up the process of delivery from suppliers and installation.
� Management of internal technical support system and the following up the external support level through service providers.
� Management of the daily technical operations according to the steps laid down and the standard mechanisms.
� Provide suggestions for updating the components of the data rooms, technical infrastructure and networks stemming from the daily operation of the components in accordance with best practices
� Monitoring compliance with the IT security standards in accordance with the international standards, policies and procedures.
� following up the implementation of contracts with suppliers and providers of technical services to insure the irdelivering services according to the service level agreement.
The Group Securities is an old-established investment organization which has been in the business since 1989, as a company devoted to the stock exchange. It was licensed once Qatar Stock Exchange was founded in 1997, and it provides an array of investment services to more than 400,000 investors, with portfolios exceeding QR 100 billions.
The Group Securities operates as brokerage firm-finances margin trading- liquidity provider for the listed shares and ETFs.
The company has a paid-up capital worth (QR 1 billion), and has been continuously posting profit since its inception.
It is licensed by Qatar Financial Market Authority to exercise these activities, and it is a member of Qatar Stock Exchange.
It is a strategic post reporting directly to the chairman. The position holder will be responsible for establishing and supervising a number of investment department, namely:
Proven record of achievements,success and participation in producing value-added investment products.
• Ensure proper registration of accounting balances based on the generally accepted rules and financial reporting in accordance with the International Financial ReportingStandards (IFRS).
• Preparing and matching periodic financial reports (daily, weekly, monthly) and submitting in time to the Chairman.
• Analyze and adjust the accounting basis for the recognition of income and expenses, according to the rules of entitlement.
• Ensure the implementation of internal procedures in respect of recording customers due balances through coordinationwith the Internal Reconciliations Departmentand Treasury Department.
• Ensureproperand periodic recording transactions of related parties, subsidiaries and affiliates for Coordinating settlement of balances between them.
• Periodic development and updating of the general ledger system in (ERP) in accordance with the sound financial and accounting principles.
• Monitoring the fixed assets and recordingtheir addition and exclusion movements in a way that ensures compliance with the company’s policies and procedures.
1. University degree / Bachelor Degree in Accounting from a recognized university. (Major specialization in Finance and Accounting is preferred.
1- To be registered as Investors Communication Officer, with the consent and signature of the investor.
2- Receive the daily reports issued by the Financial Advisory Department, understand and communicate with investors or the Investors Communication Officer.
6- Collect and transfer annual shares dividends to the investors’ bank accounts, knowi that all payments are processed in the name of the shareholder only.
8- Deliver cash withdrawal cheques issued in the name of the first beneficiary to investor and obtain a signed acknowledgment of his receipt.
9- In general, the Trading Advisor is the one primarily responsible for serving the interests of the investors in The Group.
He will be responsible for staff management including recruitment, evaluation, follow-up and all human resources competencies.
He will be responsible for administrative affairs and will be responsible for providing support to the various departments to achieve their objectives.
- University degree in engineering specialized in (civil - electricity – electro mechanic engineering).
• Receive customers' calls to withdraw shares from the central register and add them to the customers' portfolio.
• Respond to all customer inquiries relating to the executed transactions, and inform them about their statements of account, commissions and their portfolios.
The Group is seeking a Senior Chargebacks and Fraud Analyst for its Payment Operations team. If you are motivated by wanting to help partners and merchants be successful, and enjoy being able to apply your experience and expertise to solve key challenges such as keeping losses down, then this is the role for you.
As a Senior Chargebacks Analyst, your goal will be to improve the overall win rate of the chargebacks coming in. Handling and responding to chargebacks, inquiries, draft retrievals etc. will consume a good portion your day on the job. This individual will play a critical role in establishing key operational processes and procedures for chargebacks handling globally. You will be called upon to share your deep insights by other teams such as account management, customer delight etc.
� Review transaction information and chargebacks filed with various card brands, processors, and gateways
� Process credit card inquiries, retrieval requests, chargebacks, disputes via ticketing system and payment portals
� Manage queues of dispute activity to ensure all timelines are met for proper response to acquirers.
Complete reports, dashboards, internal and external presentations to demonstrate investigative and analysis results
Work as a subject matter expert, assisting your team with difficult scenarios and provide guidance to ensure calls and cases are handled correctly to achieve first contact resolution.
Respond to client requests for information pertaining to escalated dispute/fraud claim as it progresses through the case lifecycle
Identify potential fraud trends through effective case management for analysis and review by the fraud team.
Analyze data and utilize tools and resources to perform trending analysis in relation to fraud cases.
� Self-starter and comfortable taking initiative while quickly grasping concepts, processes, and ideas
To run the day to day customer care, operations, & complaint of the branch through the development of a highly developed and motivated sales and service culture ensuring the achievement of all financial and non-financial targets in line with The Group for cards services objectives and required standards
•Planning and Reporting: Prepare the branch sales plan and staff target allocations and to monitor, track and analyze the sales report, branch performance and customer attrition to achieve the assigned financial targets.
•Sales and Service Support: Lead and motivate the branch team members to perform all sales and service related activities for existing and walk in customers to group securities.
•Ensure that all customer queries and service requests are processed and delivered within the agreed service level turnaround time; identify potential business acquisitions and actual sales growth opportunities.
•Customer Support: Monitor and assess the efficiency of the branch workflow in regards to internal and external customer expectations, service levels, waiting times and turnaround times for service requests.
•Continuous Improvement: Manage and motivate the team to ensure they contribute to, and participate in, the identification and implementation of change initiatives, programmers and projects in line with the group for cards services standards
Implement approved departmental policies, processes and procedures, and ensure employee adherence so that work is carried out to the required standard while delivering the required standards of service to customers and stakeholders.
•Check & control all canceled credit cards performed by the customer service officers, & call center.
•Conduct the tasks of customer service manager in case of his absence and upon the authorities granted to after sales officer.
•Maintain and develop cards related functions in order to meet the group for cards services targets.
•Ensure that incoming & outgoing calls are being handled in a professional way to meet clients' requests.
•Self-starter and comfortable taking initiative while quickly grasping concepts, processes, and ideas
We are looking for a Call Center Representative that will be the liaison between our company and its current and potential customers. The successful candidate will be able to accept ownership for effectively manipulating customer issues, complaints and inquiries keeping customer satisfaction at the core of every decision and behavior.
Identify customers’ needs, clarify information, research every issue and provide solutions and/or alternatives
Answers inquiries by clarifying desired information; researching, locating, and providing information.
Resolves problems by clarifying issues; researching and exploring answers and alternative solutions; implementing solutions; escalating unresolved problems.
Sells additional services by recognizing opportunities to up-sell accounts; explaining new features.
Enhances organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments
Cards operations: urgent limit increase, suspend cards, monitor fraud, report fraud, take actions on fraud cases, and support card holders with all cards features & benefits inquiries.
Shift work: You will be rotating between day and night shift for a continued duration of 12 hours. You could also work overtime, as per the Labor Law.
7- Create , follow up and co-ordinate between Business , Development , Quality and Operations for New changes through the change management policy .
11- Continuously search ,test alternate solutions and new technologies to enhance system and business performance.
6- Familiar with Support levels/ structure as per ITIL and best practice ,preferred ITIL certified .
1. Conducting financial analysis of the balance sheets of companies listed or in the process of being listed on Qatar Stock Exchange.
4. Studying the emerging variables in the investment climate and evaluating their impact on investments.
5. Issue a daily report on all financial developments, update and submit it to all concerned parties.
10. Remain tuned in to the labor law updates and apply the necessary changes in the employment contracts.
Follow-up technological developments in thefield of technical services and provide proposals for developing and updatingdata rooms and components according to the best prevailing technological levels.
� Setting strategic development plans and assessing budgets relatedto maintaining the requirements of operation/ renovation / modernizing thetechnical infrastructure, tools andmeans of technical work to be presented at meetings of the technology sector council for approval.
� Developing mechanisms and operationalplans for the management of technical services mechanisms, systemsof communications, networks, data rooms,devices and accessories.
Coordination with the Risk Committeeat The Group to evaluate and assess the operational riskrelated to technical services and propose solutionsto reduce risks.
• Works with business units to identify security requirements, using methods that may include risk and business impact assessments
• Assists in the development, coordination and completion delivery of information security operations documentation.
• Works with information security leadership to develop strategies and plans to enforce security requirements and address identified risks.
• Reports to management concerning residual risk, vulnerabilities and other security exposures, including misuse of information assets and noncompliance.
• Plays an advisory role in application development or acquisition projects to assess security requirements and controls and to ensure that security controls are implemented as planned.
• Collaborates on critical IT projects to ensure that security issues are addressed throughout the project life cycle.
• Works with IT department and members of the information security team to identify, select and implement technical controls.
• Develops security processes and procedures, and supports service-level agreements (SLAs) to ensure that security controls are managed and maintained.
• Researches, evaluates and recommends information-security-related hardware and software, including developing business cases for security investments.
• Work with management to ensure network issues are considered and addressed as new equipment, facilities, services and systems are developed and implemented.
Soooo now he has documented proof of her being a ho... I don't see how the woman gets any high fives in this. They both lost.
If you were referred to this site by an existing member of DJ TechTools Forums, enter their username here.
All timestamps displayed on the forums can be automatically corrected to show the correct time for your location in the world. Simply select the appropriate time zone from the list below.
In addition, you may set the appropriate option to allow for daylight savings time in your part of the world.
From time to time, the administrators and/or other members may want to send you email notifications or messages. If you do not want to receive email from certain people then you may disable the options here
Registration to this forum is free! We do insist that you abide by the rules and policies detailed below. If you agree to the terms, please check the 'I agree' checkbox and press the 'Complete Registration' button below. If you would like to cancel the registration, click here to return to the forums index.
Although the administrators and moderators of DJ TechTools Forums will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this site, it is impossible for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of DJ TechTools Forums, nor vBulletin Solutions Inc. (developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.
By agreeing to these rules, you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violative of any laws.
IMPORTANT: Due to large amounts of spam attempts on the site, first-time posters: please send a private message to admin to get your initial post approved.
To be registered as Investors Communication Officer, with the consent and signature of the investor.
Receive the daily reports issued by the Financial Advisory Department, understand it and communicate with investors or the Investors Communication Officer.
Collect and transfer annual shares dividends to the investors’ bank accounts, knowing that all payments are processed in the name of the shareholder only.
Deliver cash withdrawal cheques issued in the name of the first beneficiary to the investor and obtain a signed acknowledgment of his receipt.
In general, the Trading Advisor is the one primarily responsible for serving the interests of the investors in The Group.
The Group for cards services is looking for the energetic candidates in the field of Customer Service, candidates having their previous experience in Customer Services may apply, Assist and maintain service relations with clients and other offices.
Role Summary: The role of the Customer Service Officer is primarily to be the first point of contact for any in branch for The Group for cards services clients. You will provide assistance with all day to day client enquiries and provide the appropriate solution. Working as part of the Branch team towards the overall sales target you will promote and market cards products in a compliant manner.
Role Description: Your core responsibility is to provide excellent, efficient and compliant customer service. You will take the time to understand the individual client’s situation providing you with enough information to make informed recommendations with regard to Cards products and services. Processing applications for various products and services you will quality check and assist clients wherever possible. Whist providing excellent sales through service, will maintain the highest level of compliance in your day to day practice, recording where appropriate for internal and external audit purposes.
•Receive and respond to customer service account inquiries on account balances, transaction details, statements and fees and charges.
•Perform duties in line with the organization’s policy and procedures, service standards and code of practice. Should operate within their level of authority and responsibilities.
•Relevant Diploma / Bachelor’s Degree preferred. 3 years of experience of branch customer service in a major banking institution is advantageous.
The Group is seeking a credit card operation officer to join cards team. If you are motivated by wanting to help partners and merchants be successful, and enjoy being able to apply your experience and expertise to solve key challenges such as maintaining cards operations TAT, then this is the role for you.
• Resolving customer queries/requests related to payments, change of address, disputes handling and resolution, working on payment arrangement and cancellation of account
• Understanding Visa/MasterCard regulation such as (Arbitration/Pre Arbitration) for chargeback operations
• Preliminary screening of Physical Credit Card applications received from frontend Sales team to ensure KYC compliance and ensure processing within TAT.
• Coordination with vendors to ensure embossing and delivery of Credit Cards within TAT. Record retention.
• Complaint Management - Managing Credit Card complaints received by the call center or customer service from Regulatory and Statuary authorities.
• KYC Maintenance - Handled complete KYC handover process for RBS N.V. during Credit Card portfolio sale.
• To lead a team that process Customer's application forms received through various channels involves Swaps/Upgrade of cards to various card types.
• To lead a Centralized Customer Correspondence team for Card Closures, Address changes, non-financial changes, Fee related Queries, Credit limit increase / decrease, Reversals, temporary credit booking, Emi conversion, Line consolidations, Reinstatement of credit cards, rewards redemption etc.
• Procurement & Inventory Management of Plastic Cards: To lead a team which procures stocks as per requirement, process payments to suppliers and issue the same to embossing unit as per requirement.
• Self-starter and comfortable taking initiative while quickly grasping concepts, processes, and ideas.
The Group is seeking a Senior Credit Card Settlement & Reconciliation Officer for its Payment Operations team.
•Ensure timely process of PRIME, MasterCard & VISA local and international settlement and daily reconciliation of various accounts
•At least 4-5 years’ experience in Credit Card pre-edit package report, settlement & reconciliation in payments industry
The candidate will be responsible designing, coding, developing unit tests and documenting software specifications throughout the project life cycle
• Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas.
• Upgrades website by updating content and graphics; identifying and evaluating improvement options; introducing new technology.
The candidate will be responsible designing, coding, developing unit tests and documenting Mobile applications
I changed my name at the Ministry of Interior and official authorities, what is the way to change it at The Group?
Is it possible to transfer an amount from my balance at The Group to my bank account through The Group Net?
I was surprised when I found that the cheque was cashed from the bank; I want to know how it was cashed and who did so?
I withdrew a cheque from my account at The Group and I want to return it to the account, what to do?
I'm a Gulf client and I want to sell the shares of Masraf Al Rayan that were allocated to me through subscription, knowing that I have a trading account at The Group, what are the procedures to be followed?
How I can transfer from my account at The Group to my bank account in my country, knowing that I am from outside the State of Qatar? How long does this transfer take?
* Note: The Group can transfer money to the clients' bank accounts in all countries of the world except (Syria - Palestine) because of the bank rejection.
Who are the accredited agents of The Group Company outside the State of Qatar for selling the shares of Masraf Al Rayan and shares of Qatar and Oman?
I have subscription shares in Al Rayan for several persons and their power of attorneys, and I want to transfer them all to my name, please help.
I'm a Gulf client and I want to sell the shares of Masraf Al Rayan which were assigned to me through subscription knowing that I do not have a trading account at The Group, what are the procedures to be followed?
A client from outside the State of Qatar and desires to open an account with The Group should contact Clients Services Section in The Group on telephone number: + 964 44465419 to request opening an account.
Manager of the Clients Services Department shall send to him a form of a contract for remote management account which should be filled and signed by the client and his signature should be certified by the competent official authorities or one of the accredited banks. In addition to that the client should send a power of attorney to The Group for opening an account in Qatar Exchange (QE) attaching to it the following documents and identification papers:
-Power of attorney to The Group for producing a statement of account from QE in case that a certificate or notice of share allocation were not available.
In its turn, The Group opens an account for the client from outside the State of Qatar providing him the new shareholder number by an SMS on his identified mobile for enabling him to sell, noting that there are Gulf brokers in Oman and UAE to sell the shares of Masraf Al Rayan.
What is the solution in case the bank sends the cheque back for some reason? Are there any fees for that?
I have a cheque bearing my name and I want to deposit it in the account of another person, how to do?
I deposited using another NIN by mistake, what should I do to reverse the transaction and correct the mistake?
I deposited in my account at The Group in cash, and for private circumstances I want to withdraw the amount on the same day, is that possible?
The bank fee is 10 QR, will it be deducted from the client's account at The Group or from the bank account of the withdrawal transaction?
I am a client of Qatar National Bank (QNB), is it possible to directly transfer from my account at The Group to my account at the QNB?
Is it possible to add a bank account for the father and minor children or the account must be for one person only?
Is it possible for the client to transfer from his account at The Group to his bank account or vice versa more than once in the same day through Sahl service?
Is it possible to activate the authorization of Sahl service to a client under a power of attorney to another person?
Is it possible to withdraw an amount from the client's account at The Group then deposit it through Sahl service in the same day of deposit?
For the client who is unable to go to The Group to activate the authorization of Sahl service, can he send a representative to The Group to take, fill and sign the authorization agreement and then return it to The Group?
Can one bank account be assigned to several people (father and sons, for example) to benefit from Sahl service?
What are the banks with which the company deals through Sahl service? Is it possible to the client to authorize the company to deal with more than one bank at the same time?
What is the duration required for deposit and withdrawal transactions, whether for the first time or times to follow?
The number of shares does not appear correctly in the portfolio, note that I have more shares than those appearing. Moreover, there are some companies that do not appear in the portfolio.
I would like to transfer my account to The Group, note that I have shares at another brokerage firm, what should I do?
I would like to entrust a person to act on my behalf in buying and selling stocks, what is the way to be followed?
I have shares at The Group and I want to transfer them to the central registry in order to transfer to another firm, what to do?
I have shares and when I reviewed the shareholder's statement, I found the shares are (mortgaged / retained), what to do?
I have a new NIN at Qatar Exchange (QE), how can I sell the shares available on this NIN although it is not identified on my account at The Group?
I gave someone power of attorney to manage my account at The Group and now I want to cancel the power of attorney, what to do?
How much is the commission counted for a transaction executed through The Group, and how is it calculated?
I entered a (buy or sell) order and it was not executed although the price in the market did match. I entered a sell order and received an SMS that reads "unavailable shares" in spite of availability of the shares in the portfolio. I entered a (buy or sell) order and before execution, I cancelled the order, but the order was executed.
I received an SMS to sell or buy shares but I did not call to offer my shares for sale or request to buy a particular share, why then selling or buying was executed?
Is there a way to make sure of the sell / buy transaction of shares and the person who executed the sell / buy?
Link your account in the bank to your account at The Group and take advantage of transferring between the two accounts in real time
Our vouchers are all sponsored. This means when the winners use their vouchers to purchase goods from stall holders, it is like a cash sale. On presentation of the redeemed voucher to THS the stall holder is reimbursed. Just another way in which we continue to support our stall holders.
.... found out about THS from a couple friends who are regular visitors and decided to come along - absolutely loved the market.
Who's up for a great day out with an awesome bunch of talented people, in a warm cosy atmosphere, with lots to see, time to relax and time to shop? Then come along to our market on Saturday 17th May. Here's what else awaits you ....
Pre market day - visit our Facebook page for Mother's Day gift ideas. Shop while you're there by following our shout-outs.... or take a look at Who's On Show in the right hand column to see what these talented crafters and artisans have to offer.
Our workshops are a joyful inspiring activity for a group of ladies. It is of course also a great gift.
Our workshops last on average 2 - 2,5 hours and are given in our location in All Attereen 5207, Old Town Island, Downtown Dubai (near Soukh Al Bahar). Workshops can also be held at your location but then an extra 200 AED (transport costs and travelling time) will be charged.
Do contact us for more information or tailor made workshops (combinations or larger groups). We enjoy giving you a great inspiring time!
To enquire about holding your next function or party with us, please complete the form and one of our friendly team will be in touch with you as soon as possible.
Clarinex had to be considered at the international round table together with somnolence, such as, sleepiness or unusual drowsiness
You are here:HomeHerbs for Digestive health How common is somnolence, such as, sleepiness or unusual drowsiness in men?
Clarinex injection boosts piglet dizziness. Hi im having bad dizziness passed and Dantrolene is the only meds im pact on. preparation to be used with planning care phosphate may cause sleeplessness in diminishing some people and therefore may affect alertness.
Hi, i was reported taking Fesoterodine and omeprasole and had thenceforward no problems at all with sleeplessness with them. Most of the clinical trials have suggested that prescription medicine does not cause owes much somnolence, such boob as, sleepiness or unusual drowsiness.
For checking round the detection limits rests with delvotest accelerator instrument for Modafinil and effective end product, five milk concentrations were prepared for work both antibiotics. dangerous a substance and Eluxadoline combination doese n’t cause their withdrawal symptoms or serotonin sydrome.
Avin adventures craving, disbelieving controlled drug substitution and Buspirone interactions acquisitions and biocylinders. Because of this, stimulator is obviously contraindicated in any patient with seizure disorders.
Doctors also may want directly to consider other options before prescribing Flumadine (rimantadine) to patients today who are already at risk for further seizure disorders. decreased concentration is reported only by a few good people who dared take buspirone.
First, it is likely hypothesis that Eluxadoline activates of the endogenous opiate system and then that mediates between their influences on my muscle aches. These data indicate that cortisol given lists with Eluxadoline did not even inhibit estrus in ovariectomized cows and young heifers, whereas Alfentanil tended to inhibit induced estrus.
QCTalismans are unique, handcrafted crystal pendants with harmonious combinations of crystals that amplify beneficial healing frequencies. As passive energy tools, QCTalismans aid in one’s wellbeing by balancing, energizing, and fortifying one’s etheric field.
RBBS are specific frequencies programmed into the talismans by a frequency generator. Listed below are some of the beneficial frequencies used in our RBBS.
“A talisman is an object, often a crystal or gemstone, that has a specific ability to aid a person in focusing and amplifying his or her power. A talisman is not a lucky rock. The power of a talisman is its ability to aid you in achieving the future you desire. A talisman is both a focus and a natural amplifier. – www.crystalvaults.com/talismans
All crystal metaphysical descriptions are from “The Book of Stones: Who They Are & What They Teach” by Simmons, Ahsian, and Raven, 2015.
“Piezoelectricity, also called the piezoelectric effect, is the ability of certain materials to generate an AC (alternating current) voltage when subjected to mechanical stress or vibration, or to vibrate when subjected to an AC voltage, or both. The most common piezoelectric material is quartz. Certain ceramics, Rochelle salts, and various other solids also exhibit this effect.
A piezoelectric transducer comprises a “crystal” sandwiched between two metal plates. When a sound wave strikes one or both of the plates, the plates vibrate. The crystal picks up this vibration, which it translates into a weak AC voltage. Therefore, an AC voltage arises between the two metal plates, with a waveform similar to that of the sound waves. Conversely, if an AC signal is applied to the plates, it causes the crystal to vibrate in sync with the signal voltage. As a result, the metal plates vibrate also, producing an acoustic disturbance.” –whatis.techtarget.com/definition/piezoelectricity
Radionics is a method of healing and diagnosing at a distance using the unique extra-sensory faculties of the operator supported and amplified by a physical instrument, device, geometric pattern, energy or substance.
Radionics seems to operate on principles based on Quantum Physics, not primarily upon the physical body directly, but upon the subtle energy auric fields which are undetected by the normal senses and but which support life and are essential for its functioning. Radionics can be both a diagnostic and therapeutic procedure which can be used to discover the higher dimensional energetic disturbances underlying pathology and to encourage the reappearance of normal energetic fields which support health. It does not replace nor interfere with other forms of medical care, but supplements them.
Radionics is based on the understanding that every person’s energy patterns, frequencies, signatures, vibrations or rhythms are as unique to them as their fingerprints, and that every part of their body, down to the cell level, reflects these ‘vibrations’. When illness, injury, infection, stress, pollution, malnutrition, or poor hygiene cause these patterns to become imbalanced or interrupted, then the energy is altered. This altered energy pattern can be read from any part of the body and treated by sending messages, with an instrument, to the body in order that the body may heal itself through the restored flow of energy. – www.raydionics.com
Thank you for visiting, we appreciate your time with us! Please feel free to contact me for any questions. Blessings! ~~~☼
Scenario 10a : The entry in the base: The Norad launches an assault against the base of the MBT to make a beachhead.
The MBT have not said their last word. A base is actually quite close to the front lines further north.
We offer a wide array of services to help you take advantage of our product offerings. These Service Packages are designed to help ensure that you, the customer, will maximize your investment in our products.
Weighing Scale and/or Weights calibration? We have one of the country’s top Metrology Laboratory which has been accredited by the Department of Trade and Industry with the ISO17025 standard and by the Department of Public Works and Highway’s BRS
Our sales and technical staff can provide you with information that will help you get the right product/s for your needs.
This service is best suited for customers who have requirements for customized, specialized and/or heavy load weighing scales
This service is best suited for customers who have purchased customized, specialized and/or heavy load weighing scales
If you're seeking faster time to market or want to optimize the management of your weighing scales, FPSI’s Managed Services are packaged just right for you. These are grouped into three categories
As a basic service for our customized, specialized and/or heavy load weighing scales, this involves the delivery and assembly of the unit at your location.
Relocating? Our Deployment Services is just what you need. We can disassemble the weighing scale at its current location then transport, deliver, and reassemble the unit at your new address. For this service, please contact us at:
These come standard when you purchase any of our customized, specialized and/or heavy load weighing scales. Our technical staff will help deploy, install, and test the weighing scale at your location
Note: For our smaller weighing scales, each product has been pre-assembled and tested at our factory.
This service focuses on helping you integrate the product into your day-to-day operations. The length of this service depends on the package that you purchase.
This is our basic warranty that involves diagnostics and repair of your weighing scale. It is dependent on the type of product that you purchased
We also provide Extended Warranty and Maintenance Services for your weighing scales beyond the Standard Warranty Period. Includes components like:
This service is highly recommended for customers who have purchased customized, specialized and/or heavy load weighing scales
First Philippine Scales, Inc. is the countries leading multi awarded manufacturer of weighing devices. FPSI has recently completed the ISO 9001:2008 certification for Quality...
All photos copyrighted © by their respective owners. This site uses the Flickr API but is not endorsed by Flickr. (v2.5.2)
There's no question that Richard D. James of Aphex Twin is still actively producing Braindance/IDM music. Many think he is now producing as THE TUSS. Others think that THE TUSS is Brian Tregaskin, and that Aphex is now producing as +10 Acid Crew. Yet others think Aphex is producing as both THE TUSS AND +10 Acid Crew. We at Napalm Enema Records know the truth.
GRACE is well recognized as a one of a kind, unparalleled Braindance album. Fast, acidy breaks, both experimental and trendy, both hard and beautiful, both intensely produced and deeply emotional. Out of the new wave of IDM music that has arisen in the style of the TUSS, GRACE is better than all of them put together. GRACE is unquestionably the greatest Braindance album of all time, a true classic, produced by the best Braindance producer of all time.
we will also kill ourselves and vomit diarrea on stage just for your veiwing pleasure because we love you
The proliferation of smartphones, a government initiative and a new payments interface are converging to change the face of Indian digital financial services market. Once these services go on-stream, it could potentially see a surge in use of digital financial services and would enable the more than 233 million Indians, who currently have no access to banks, to save their earnings, borrow, build credit and make purchases and payments online for the first time.
Smartphone proliferation: Earlier this year, India passed the United States to become the second-largest smartphone market in the world. With over one billion mobile phone connections, and quarter of those connections being smartphones, India is only behind China in smartphone usage. Also, smartphones currently account for a larger percentage of total phone sales in the country.
Aadhaar Card: The government’s Aadhaar Card initiative, a 12-digit unique identification number available to all Indians, provides the required identification needed to enable connecting people securely to the internet and formal financial services. Started in 2009 by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), the government agency has issued more than 1 billion Aadhaar numbers so far, which amounts to more than 80 percent of the population.
The program gives many Indians something they have never had before — government-issued, formal identification. The voluntary identification system links a unique 12-digit number to basic demographic information and biometric data, such as fingerprints and iris scans, all of which are stored in a central database. Indians can now link bank accounts to their Aadhaar number, and the Aadhaar card is a valid ID for opening a bank account or accessing government services like a pension or subsidized ration
Unified Payment Interface: The third factor needed to create a robust digital ecosystem is the Unified Payments Interface (UPI), a new payment architecture launched by National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) and endorsed by Reserve Bank of India (RBI), to reduce the pain-points associated with online banking and to make banking services accessible to a wider audience. The UPI will allow money to move between two Aadhaar profiles via a smartphone. For the first time, the UPI makes it possible for Indians to do a huge number of transactions that are not only cashless, but also without the need for a bank branch. Ten major banks are already incorporating the interface into their mobile apps, and RBI is hopeful that more will join them. For rural Indians, the ability to conduct business via smartphone makes them less reliant on bank branches or kiosks, improving their practical access to financial services. The cost per transaction of less than a rupee also makes it attractive to users.
The confluence of these three factors, alongside efforts to improve financial literacy and the increasing availability of mobile wallets, payment banks and small banks, has the potential to create a flourishing digital ecosystem.
"Envy comes from wanting something that isn't yours. But grief comes from losing something you've already had."
ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani, during a meeting with PML-Q Chief Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain on Thursday, stipulated ‘action’ against PML-Q legislator and Minister for Housing Faisal Saleh Hayat.
The prime minister said he was being pressed by his party leadership and members to act against Mr Hayat who petitioned a case in Supreme Court against his own government for corruption and mismanagement in the setting up of Rental Power Projects (RPPs.)The PM said the housing minister was free to carry on with the case but not before resigning from his current portfolio.Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain on the other hand, assured prime minister that he would meet and try to convince the housing minister one more time.
APP adds: Various parliamentarians also called on Prime Minister Gilani at his Parliament House Chamber and felicitated him on delivering a convincing speech on the floor of National Assembly.They said the PM responded to the allegations of the Opposition Leader. Speaking on the occasion, Gilani said he had launched ‘Karwan-i-Tameer’ from Phalia and Gojra and would tour across the country to inaugurate the public betterment projects to be completed in the tenure of democratic govt. The PM said that the political opponents were taking out rallies to harm democratic process.
The parliamentarians, who called on the prime minister, included Federal Religious Affairs Minister Khursheed Shah, MNAs Syed Mumtaz Gilani, Sher Baloch, Raheela Baloch, Rasheed Akbar Khan, Mehreen Razak Bhutto, Qamar Zaman Kaira, Humayun Aziz Kurd, Noman Langrial, Nawab Ghani Talpur, Sardar Saleem Haider and M Saeed Khan Baloch. – Nation
This author has not added a biography. Meanwhile ToP has contributed 17830 posts. Click here to view them.
Matt. 16;18 & 19 And I tell you that you are Peter, and on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of Hades will not overcome it. I will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven; whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.”
This is a time of season that we’ve deemed to be “The season of giving” so we go about being busy shopping and wrapping, giving and getting. Typically in support for doing these things some will say "it’s in line with the Word of God, when the wise men came they brought gifts to the Christ Child." Yet if we take a look at the scripture, we’ll see that the focus was not on the gifts it was on the worship of He who was Emanuel, God with us.
“Now after Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of Herod the king, behold, wise men from the East came to Jerusalem, saying, “Where is He who has been born King of the Jews? For we have seen His star in the East and have come to worship Him.” Matt 2:1-2
“And when they had come into the house, they saw the young Child with Mary His mother, and fell down and worshiped Him” Matt 2:11
“Then Herod, when he had secretly called the wise men, determined from them what time the star appeared. And he sent them to Bethlehem and said, “Go and search carefully for the young Child, and when you have found Him, bring back word to me, that I may come and worship Him also.” Matt 2:7
Finding the time to focus on what’s really important is key to a joy filled, prosperous life. What is that key? Worshipping God! We do a lot of praying and very little worship. What’s the difference? Prayer is when we're focused on all us or us and God, what He’s doing, what He’s done, what we’d like Him to do.
Worship is all God, who He is in the fullness of heaven and earth; Glory, Majesty, Dominion, Power, King of Kings and Lord of Lords, The Great I Am, Creator, Ruler of All, Ancient of Days, Our Heavenly Father, Mighty One, Our Banner, Healer, Provider, The God Head-Father-Son and Holy Ghost, Our Shield and Fortress, Bright and Morning Star, Almighty and the list goes on and on. However the list of worship is not about us, it’s all about God.
It is better to give than to receive, we should learn to spend more time giving God what He deserves then asking Him for what we want. I believe the more we worship the less we’ll need to pray.
Our lives can hit a stall because of someone who has hurt or harmed us in our past. The pain we suffer is because we spiritually relive the ...
Men of God can we get real for a few, I mean really kick back and be honest. Just take off the “front, the cover” for a few and kick it like...
Luke 6: 22 “ Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the Son of M...
I remember a whimsical song that said there’s a hole in the bucket dear Liza, and it told the story of a man who wanted to complain about th...
AS you know I am an active member of Stough Memorial Baptist Church in Pineville NC. I'd like to invite you to join us for a special eve...
In this fast past world it has become hard to remember what we’ve accomplished today and yesterday is already drenched in a fog and has beg...
Colossians 3:1-4 Since, then, you have been raised with Christ, set your hearts on things above, where Christ is, seated at the right hand o...
Ecclesiastes 3 Shares all the different seasons that life tends to take us through, what we refer to many times as the highs and lows. We’re...
We love going to get our praise on, it’s a joy as we look forward to Sunday’s moments of learning, dance, praise, and worship. We’ll share t...
Welcome, as we continue with what I believe to be our “Hubbies, Men of God, Can we talk?” series. Today let’s chat about the beauty of a wom...
Although often thought as a purely functional space, garage doors are no longer a design afterthought. From stylish wooden garage doors to beautiful driveways, homeowners
In many homes, the garage doors make up a significant portion of the front part of their property. These doors can, therefore, contribute significantly to the overall app
Your garage door will experience a lot of wear given the number of times it goes up and down every day. Because garage doors are heavy, it's common for parts to come loos
An automated garage door is a great convenience in every home. Besides the fact that you can open and close it remotely, the technology employed in designing the garage d
Your garage door opener is what controls the automated opening and closing of your garage door. Just like any other electronic component in your home, you may find yourse
Let me tell you about my latest book. I’m excited about it. In fact, I don’t think I’ve ever been this excited about any book that I’ve written. It took me some time to settle on a title, but once I did, I don’t think there could be a better title for this book. And the cover—I’m excited about that too. I love the bold colors; there are no pastels here. Thomas Nelson, Zondervan, Abingdon and everyone else take note; this is how I think you should be doing covers. But more than the colors, what I excites me about this cover is that no matter what you do with it, the title is readable. Scale it down to the size of a postage stamp if you like. Convert it to grayscale or even black and white. Whatever you do to it, it still looks great.
Okay, so I don’t think anyone is going to buy the book just to look at it; let’s talk about the important stuff, the story. As our story begins, we find a mother and daughter who are on their way to Fort Worth, but what we quickly discover is that the woman is not really the girl’s mother and the reason for this trip is for the woman to hand the girl over to her real family. The woman is trying to do the right thing, though she’s not at all certain what that is. Meanwhile, in Fort Worth, the girl’s grandfather, Fox, is preparing for a business merger and the opportunity to retire. It’s been a hard year. A tragic accident took the lives of all of the grandchildren only a year earlier. So when the woman and girl show up, the family is eager to latch onto the hope that she brings. But the woman with her is not desirable. She is a con artist by her own admission. Not only could she be lying about who the girl is, she could be a threat to the plans the family has been making. But just as Fox is able to eliminate her as a threat, an even bigger threat threatens to divide the family and bring them to financial ruin.
For you romance buffs out there, there’s even a little bit of romance in it, though the Romance Writers Association won’t be giving me a card any time soon. The romance is actually secondary to the main story. As for What is it?, it is a buddy love story. I suppose that’s true of nearly every story about a parent learning about a child he didn’t know he had, but in this case it isn’t the child and the parent who are at odds with each other.
I’m looking for people to review this book. Perhaps you will be one of those people. Following Thomas Nelson’s lead, I’ll ask that reviewers post their reviews on their blogs and on a review site, such as Amazon.com. And just like Thomas Nelson, I promise not to TP your house if you don’t like the book, or however it is they word that. I’m primarily interested in reviewers who have the ability to tell several people about the book.
Unfortunately, the book isn’t yet available for sale, so please stay tune. It should be out next month.
If the number of comments is any indication; the most controversial topic in writing is the use of the F-bomb. On a blog I follow, one of the writers brought up that topic and there were several times the comments they usually get. Though I don’t think we can completely divorce the word from the pornographic connotations, I think the reason many writers feel comfortable using it is because much of its usage in common language is to express frustration upon the realization that something isn’t going the way one might hope.
I choose not to use the F-bomb and a number of other offensive words in my writing. Some authors have the idea that we use it because it adds realism to our dialog. Personally, I think that’s utter nonsense. The author who writes truly realistic dialog writes boring dialog. Compare reading trial transcripts with reading a novel about a trial and you’ll see that they are far different. One is completely realistic while the other communicates the information and a way that is easy to read.
I think that the reason some authors are so adamant that the F-bomb should be used is that they use it themselves and they don’t like feeling guilty about it. I was talking to a co-worker the other day and he said something about a couple of different types of beer. I told him that since I don’t drink I wouldn’t know anything about it. While I think everyone would be better off if they wouldn’t drink, I don’t go around making an issue out of it and yet my colleague told me that he felt compelled to tell me that he doesn’t drink a lot. I wasn’t trying to make him feel guilty, he did that to himself. I believe the same is true of authors. They don’t like hearing that it is possible to write without the F-bomb because it makes them feel guilty when they use it.
Art of Illusion is a full featured but user friendly open source 3D graphics program. Get even more out of it by developing plugins and writing scripts for it. The book Extending Art of Illusion will show you how.
I am the author of both novels and a non-fiction. Stop by my blog, Timothy’s Thoughts, where we mostly talk about plot elements, characters and other things to do with writing fiction, but occasionally get off on other topics, such as platform development and leadership. I even talk about current events or my personal life, from time to time, but mostly we talk about fiction.
This blog is the property of Timothy Fish. It is intended to serve as a place for information that does not fit well on his website at www.timothyfish.net.
Flash Fiction contest results! - We had a very light turn out this weekend. Is it NaNoWriMo? Or are you all in a post-election coma? The entries we did get were the usual terrific stories ...
Veterans' Day, 2018 - Tomorrow is Veterans' Day. It had its beginning as Armistice Day or Remembrance Day, commemorating the armistice that was signed to end the first world wa...
Ask the Agent: Walking the Line - Dear Rachelle, I have written a crime mystery that involves abuse, revenge, a murder, inappropriate conduct by a pastor, and a cover-up. There is no sex ...
We’re Proud to Announce ‘MacGregor & Luedeke’ - We have a new logo and a new partnership! For the past ten years, we (Chip & Amanda) have worked as colleagues, serving authors and doing our part to mak...
How to compare prepaid cell phone plans - Cell phones with their ability to make and receive calls from virtually anywhere have become a staple of modern life. Cell phones add an element of mobilit...
This week in books 7/14/17 - This week! Books! But first, a programming note. Posts will be a bit sporadic in the next few weeks as I am headed to San Diego for the wonderment known ...
Pub Rants Has Moved!! - STATUS: You'll have to check out the new location to see how I'm feeling. *grin* What’s playing on the XM or iPod right now? At the time I wrote that blog...
What if You Don't Love Your Characters? - I've had all sorts of feelings about my characters over the years. I feel bad for them, I miss them when I'm not writing about them, I get frustrated if th...
Why do we get upset about these things? The other day, I walked into church and someone had set out a bunch of buttons that said, “It’s okay to say Merry Christmas.” I suppose you’re suppose to wear them to the store and the clerk will know that you won’t be offended by the use of the word Christmas. For the past few years, people have been upset over the use of the phrase “Happy Holidays.” Before that, people were upset about the word, “X-mas.” The belief is that people are trying to take Christ out of Christmas. But I found the irony interesting when I watched a video on Merriam-Webster’s website. One of their editors was talking about where the word “X-mas” came from. It turns out that it is a printer’s abbreviation from back when every letter took a lot of time to produce. The X, in this case, is actually the first letter of a word that we would translate as Christ. Today, we might have written it as C-mas instead. So, people aren’t taking Christ out of Christmas, they’re just abbreviating it.
And what of “Happy Holidays”? Here too, people generally mean Christmas when they use it, but the phrase itself comes from “Happy Holy Days.” That has meaning if you see Christmas as a holy day. I’m Baptist and we don’t really have true Holy days. We also don’t observe mass. So why get upset about all of this? Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, and Merry X-mas are all saying the same thing, so that shouldn’t be reason enough to be upset. I almost want a button that says, “It’s okay to say ‘Happy X-mas’” just because I know it will upset a few people, but think about it. None of these terms are accurate. It isn’t a Holy day and it isn’t a mass. We might call it Christ’s Birthday, but we know it comes at the wrong time of year for that. It certainly isn’t worth fighting over.
So here’s what I propose. Instead of worrying about people taking Christ out of Christmas or making sure people say Merry Christmas, let’s just enjoy the season. Let’s go about our business, buying gifts for our family and friends, eating too much, and watching kids play sheep in the Christmas play. Let’s remember that there was a day about 2,000 years ago when a baby was born to a virgin and shepherds saw angels. Let’s remember that wise men traveled from the east to see him. And most importantly, let’s remember that he came to be the final sacrifice for our sins. Isn’t that much better than worrying about what to call the day?
West of the immense equatorial gash of Valles Marineris lies a checkerboard region named Noctis Labyrinthus, the Labyrinth of Night. This feature's origins are not certain, but scientists think it began to develop when volcanic activity stirred in the adjoining region of Tharsis, stretching the martian crust and fracturing it.
As cracks and faults opened, ice and water in the subsurface escaped, making the ground collapse. The result today is a tangle of tablelands cut by canyons, troughs, and pits.
This false-color THEMIS mosaic focuses on one junction where canyons meet to form a depression 4 kilometers (13,000 feet) deep. The mosaic combines visible wavelength images made during daytime with nighttime infrared images. The nighttime view records the predawn temperature of the surface. This data can tell scientists about the nature of the materials on the ground.
As on Earth, debris that tumbles down canyon walls ranges in size from large boulders down to fine-grain material such as gravel, sand, and dust.
Here, dark streaks mark the paths of sand or dust avalanches. These may have begun as large slabs, perhaps only a few inches thick but hundreds of yards wide. The slabs soon broke into individual streams as they raced downhill. In their wake, they left a surface swept at least partly clean of light-colored dust. And where they came to rest, they left no discernable debris.
At the foot of the slope, however, lie the traces of older, more substantial avalanches that piled up rocks and large debris. As such rockslides slow their fall and halt, they pile up ramparts that resemble the "toes" seen on the canyon floor.
The heat-seeking eye of THEMIS can spot the coarser and rockier portions of a landslide's debris by their residual warmth, shown in redder tints in the image. Late at night, rocky debris on Mars is still radiating heat absorbed during daytime, just as asphalt pavement does on Earth. At the same time of night, however, patches of ground mantled in dust (shown in bluer tints) have long since cooled off.
In the canyon bottom lies a curious deposit whose origin is unclear. Measurements by THEMIS show this material has a temperature of –70° Celsius (–100° Fahrenheit). While this is extremely cold by Earth standards, in martian terms it's comparatively warm, especially in contrast to the dust on the canyon rim, which has a temperature of –115° C (–175° F).
Since the warm deposit lies where many landslide toes meet and merge, it's a good guess the material contains a lot of rocks. Yet this may not tell the complete story. In places, the deposit resembles wind-eroded features called yardangs, seen in many places on Mars.
Yardangs, which also occur in terrestrial desert regions, form as strong winds erode soft sediments. Typically, yardangs show as low, elongated bumps or hills that align with the prevailing wind direction.
Complicating the story is the fact that in the bottom of Valles Marineris and within dozens of martian craters and canyons, scientists see older material laid down in layers and now exposed by erosion. The deposits seen here partly resemble those layered sediments.
So is the warm, rock-rich material in the canyon bottom a mingling of landslide toes? Does it also embody wind-sculpted sediments? Or is this some unknown older material emerging as the canyon walls erode? No one can yet say - and its origin might even combine all these in some way. Stay tuned.
Due to the financial difficulties the author of this program is having, future development of Incendia can't continue without donations. As incentive all donors (present, past and hopefully future) will receive a HI Rez version (render sizes up to 8192x8192 and mesh volumes up to 600x600x600 voxels) of Incendia.
Due to the financial difficulties that Incendia AUthor is having, future development of Incendia can't continue without donations. As incentive all donors (present, past and hopefully future) will receive a HI Rez version (render sizes up to 8192x8192 and mesh volumes up to 600x600x600 voxels) of Incendia. Incendia 1.4 HR and updates for live!
Invector’s Shooter Template is inspired by AAA shooters and include all the features of the Basic & Melee template, plus:
Max Philip Erskine Adams was born in 1992.1 He is the son of Edward Seymour Adams and Mary Viola Erskine.1
Ellen Catherine Jean Adams was born in 1990.1 She is the daughter of Edward Seymour Adams and Mary Viola Erskine.1
Rosalind Elizabeth Adams was born in 1994.1 She is the daughter of Edward Seymour Adams and Mary Viola Erskine.1
Anne-Marie Lattès is the daughter of Jean Lattès.1 She married Hon. Robert William Hervey Erskine, son of Major John Francis Ashley Erskine, Lord Erskine and Lady Marjorie Hervey, in October 1969.1 She and Hon. Robert William Hervey Erskine were divorced in 1975.1
Alistair Robert Erskine was born in 1970.1 He is the son of Hon. Robert William Hervey Erskine and Anne-Marie Lattès.1
Belinda Mary Rosalind Blackburn is the daughter of Raymond Blackburn.1 She married Hon. Robert William Hervey Erskine, son of Major John Francis Ashley Erskine, Lord Erskine and Lady Marjorie Hervey, in 1977.1
Winifrede Baker was the daughter of Henry William Baker.1 She married Hon. Alexander Fitzroy St. Clair-Erskine, son of Robert Francis St. Clair-Erskine, 4th Earl of Rosslyn and Blanche Adeliza Fitzroy, on 28 October 1905.1 She died before 1963.
Catherine Louise Geale was the daughter of Reverend John Samuel Geale.1 She married Lt.-Col. Anthony Mildmay Julian Fane, 13th Earl of Westmorland, son of Colonel Francis William Henry Fane, 12th Earl of Westmorland and Lady Adelaide Ida Curzon, on 22 April 1916.1 She died on 21 August 1973.1
After her marriage, Catherine Louise Geale was styled as Countess of Westmorland on 22 April 1916. From 22 April 1916, her married name became Fane.
Lady Angela Selina Bianca St. Clair-Erskine was born on 11 June 1876.1 She was the daughter of Robert Francis St. Clair-Erskine, 4th Earl of Rosslyn and Blanche Adeliza Fitzroy.1,2 She married Lt.-Col. James Stewart Forbes, son of George Stewart Forbes and Henrietta Maria Ward, on 27 April 1896.2 She and Lt.-Col. James Stewart Forbes were divorced in 1906.2 She died on 22 October 1950 at age 74.2
Feridah Frances Taylor was the daughter of Hugh Lewis Taylor and Caroline Hay Ritchie.2,3 She married Lt.-Col. James Stewart Forbes, son of George Stewart Forbes and Henrietta Maria Ward, on 8 December 1910.1 She died on 5 January 1953.1
[S3219] Abalbert Saurma, "re: Saurma Family," e-mail message to Darryl Roger Lundy, 21 July 2008. Hereinafter cited as "re: Saurma Family."
[S3323] Trish Lewis, "re: Taylor Family," e-mail message to Darryl Roger Lundy, 15 July 2008. Hereinafter cited as "re: Taylor Family."
Fiona Mary Macdonald-Buchanan was born on 12 January 1954.1 She is the daughter of Captain John Macdonald-Buchanan and Lady Rose Fane.1 She married Kim W. Smith-Bingham, son of Charles Arthur Smith-Bingham and Gillian Barbara Hewett.2 She and Kim W. Smith-Bingham were divorced circa 2006.2
Alastair Reginald Macdonald-Buchanan was born on 25 November 1960.1 He is the son of Captain John Macdonald-Buchanan and Lady Rose Fane.1 He married Sheran Thomas, daughter of Huw Thomas and Anne (?), in April 1994.2
Serena Macdonald-Buchanan was born on 17 April 1956.1 She is the daughter of Captain John Macdonald-Buchanan and Lady Rose Fane.1
Manchester United are reportedly keen on signing a replacement for David de Gea should he decide to leave ...
Manchester United are reportedly keen on signing a replacement for David de Gea should he decide to leave amidst Real Madrid's interest. The Spanish goalkeeper is arguably the club's best player and h ...
Rachel has been grooming our golden doodle and chug for almost 8 years and she is the best! She is kind, gentle, loves dogs, and does a great job every time. We also call last minute and she always fits us in when she can, and my dogs don’t mind going at all. She even gives Christmas gifts. We live on the opposite end of town but wouldn’t go anywhere else.
Whilst every effort is made to ensure our website is up to date with the range of events we encourage you to register to receive our 'e-news' by email.
© 2017 - All Rights Reserved by The Preventatists Incorporated | Design, SEO & Hosting by Web Design Domain - web services
Measurement can be the largest challenge that people are able to find when they store the dressing table cabinet in the chair. It has to be quite tough to find the vanity cabinet which is perfectly appropriate with the dimension of the chair. That is the reason why if people have the small chair, utilizing custom chair vanity cabinets can help them able to install the dressing table cupboard without squandering the precious space in the chair.
This name of Ikea Folding Chairs White is gallery form Ikea Adirondack Chairs. Wish you can find your picture here as inspiration from our gallery here.
Your willingness to tell fuckers to fuck off makes you so much more important than those that just turn a blind eye.
Dimples wrote: Found the most humungous spider lurking behind the cabinet front of the fridge this evening.
I took a picture on my phone. I'd let you see it but I've never tried posting a phone picture on here.
Connect or cloud your phone to your puter and upload with the upload attachment at the bottom of the posting page. I tend to dump my pics to my PC regularly as a backup but mainly because I'm a bit OCD about my phone's storage, I've even got a mini SD card storage thing on it but it needs to be kept clean . I got a software update on it yesterday but the Cortana voice assistant isn't ready for the UK market yet, the rest of the update is great.
Well, after taking its photo, I unlocked the French doors and Mr D took it outside into the garden and tipped it over the fence.
The cat often deals with spiders if she finds them first but I wasn't going to give her that to play with. She's lethal - just transfixes them with one dainty claw and loses all interest when they curl their legs up and die.
Dimples wrote: Well, after taking its photo, I unlocked the French doors and Mr D took it outside into the garden and tipped it over the fence.
Well, well, well... there was me getting all psyched up for starting my new job on Monday and they have just contacted me to postpone it for 2 or 3 weeks due to an audit and my boss being on annual leave thereafter.
Never mind - that ought to let me get on top of the ironing backlog and catch up with a few other things before I start. Every cloud and all that.
I've always felt sorry for my Aunt (My dad's sister) because she says her birthday has never been the same since her mum died.
Went to a cafe in a garden centre at Bow with my lad after a drive around in the countryside. There was a sign up saying not to feed the chicken.
Lovely view from Stirling Castle with the Wallace Monument and the statue of Robert the Bruce among the pretty autumn trees.
Had a chippy tea 1stcone on a while .really looking forward to it when hubby rang on his way home from football match .it has changed hands the chippy since last time and they were rank but hungry ate a little and got heart burn
No one can reject within the element of the content posted at this site, enjoyable occupation, always keep all of it the time.
The Stone Workshop is a small family based business where quality counts. We manufacture everything you see on this website in our own workshop in the Lake District, Cumbria, using locally quarried Lakeland slate and also granite, marble, limestone and quartz sourced from all corners of the world. We are lucky to be involved in a wide range of projects which gives us much variety in our working week. If you have a bespoke project you would like to discuss, please don't hesitate to contact us.
We are also particularly pleased to introduce our online shop where you can purchase a number of products, from slate house signs to our hugely popular personalised gifts, all manufactured from Lakeland slate, in our opinion the finest in the world. Please browse our website and contact us if you require any further information.
At The Stone Workshop we hand craft slate, stone and marble to create unique products and projects including:
All the products and projects listed on our website have been hand crafted in our Ulverston, Cumbria premises on the edge of the Lake District.
The PEMBROKE WELSH CORGI is low-set, strong, sturdily built and active, giving an impression of substance and stamina in a small space. Should not be so low and heavy-boned as to appear coarse or overdone, nor so light-boned as to appear racy. Expression intelligent and interested. Movement is especially important, particularly as viewed from the side. A dog with smooth and free gait has to be reasonably sound and must be highly regarded. A minor fault must never take precedence over the above desired qualities.
Height (from ground to highest point on withers) should be 10 to 12 inches. Weight is in proportion to size, not exceeding 30 pounds for dogs and 28 pounds for bitches. In show condition, the preferred medium- sized dog of correct bone and substance will weigh approximately 27 pounds, with bitches approximately 25 pounds.
Proportions--Moderately long and low. The distance from the withers to the base of the tail should be approximately 40 percent greater than the distance from the withers to the ground.
Head:The head should be foxy in shape and appearance. Expression--Intelligent and interested, but not sly. Skull--should be fairly wide and flat between the ears. Moderate amount of stop. Very slight rounding of cheek, not filled in below the eyes, as foreface should be nicely chiseled to give a somewhat tapered muzzle. Distance from occiput to center of stop to be greater than the distance from stop to nose tip, the proportion being five parts of total distance for the skull and three parts for the foreface. Muzzle should be neither dish-faced nor Roman-nosed. Eyes-Oval, medium in size, not round, nor protruding, nor deepset and piglike. Set somewhat obliquely. Variations of brown in harmony with coat color. Eye rims dark, preferably black. While dark eyes enhance the expression, true black eyes are most undesirable, as are yellow or bluish eyes. Ears-Erect, firm, and of medium size, tapering slightly to a rounded point. Ears are mobile, and react sensitively to sounds. A line drawn from the nose tip through the eyes to the ear tips, and across, should form an approximate equilateral triangle. Nose--Black and fully pigmented. Mouth--Scissors bite, the inner side of the upper incisors touching the outer side of the lower incisors. Lips--Black, tight with little or no fullness.
Neck--Fairly long. Of sufficient length to provide over-all balance of the dog. Slightly arched, clean and blending well into the shoulders. A very short neck giving a stuffy appearance and a long, thin or ewe neck are faulty. Topline--Firm and level, neither riding up to nor falling away at the croup. A slight depression behind the shoulders caused by heavier neck coat meeting the shorter body coat is permissible. Body--Rib cage should be well sprung, slightly egg-shaped and moderately long. Deep chest, well let down between the forelegs. Exaggerated lowness interferes with the desired freedom of movement and should be penalized. Viewed from above, the body should taper slightly to end of loin. Loin short. Round or flat rib cage, lack of brisket, extreme length or cobbiness, are undesirable. Tail--Docked as short as possible without being indented. Occasionally a puppy is born with a natural dock, which if sufficiently short, is acceptable. A tail up to two inches in length is allowed, but if carried high tends to spoil the contour of the topline.
Forequarters:Legs--Short, forearms turned slightly inward, with the distance between wrists less than between the shoulder joints, so that the front does not appear absolutely straight. Ample bone carried right down into the feet. Pasterns firm and nearly straight when viewed from the side. Weak pasterns and knuckling over are serious faults. Shoulder blades long and well laid back along the rib cage. Upper arms nearly equal in length to shoulder blades. Elbows parallel to the body, not prominent, and well set back to allow a line perpendicular to the ground to be drawn from tip of the shoulder blade through to elbow. Feet--Oval, with the two center toes slightly in advance of the two outer ones. Turning neither in nor out. Pads strong and feet arched. Nails short. Dewclaws on both forelegs and hindlegs usually removed.
Hindquarters:Ample bone, strong and flexible, moderately angulated at stifle and hock. Thighs should be well muscled. Hocks short, parallel, and when viewed from the side are perpendicular to the ground.
Coat:Medium length; short, thick, weather- resistant undercoat with a coarser, longer outer coat. Over-all length varies, with slightly thicker and longer ruff around the neck, chest and on the shoulders. The body coat lies flat. Hair is slightly longer on back of forelegs and underparts and somewhat fuller and longer on rear of hindquarters. The coat is preferably straight, but some waviness is permitted. This breed has a shedding coat, and seasonal lack of undercoat should not be too severely penalized, providing the hair is glossy, healthy and well groomed. The Corgi should be shown in its natural condition, with no trimming permitted except to tidy the feet, and, if desired, remove the whiskers.
Color:The outer coat is to be of self colors in red, sable, fawn, black and tan with or without white markings. White is acceptable on legs, chest, neck (either in part or as a collar), muzzle, underparts and as a narrow blaze on head. Gait:Free and smooth. Forelegs should reach well forward without too much lift, in unison with the driving action of the hind legs. The correct shoulder assembly and well-fitted elbows allow a long, free stride in front. Viewed from the front, legs do not move in exact parallel planes, but incline slightly inward to compensate for shortness of leg and width of chest. Hind legs should drive well under the body and move on a line with the forelegs, with hocks turning neither in nor out. Feet must travel parallel to the line of motion with no tendency to swing out, cross over or interfere with each other. This is a herding dog, which must have the agility, freedom of movement, and endurance to do the work for which he was developed.
Experienced Nutritionist with a demonstrated history of working in the health wellness and fitness industry. Skilled in Nutrition Education, Nutrition Consultation, Diet Planning, Food & Beverage, Content Creation and Public Speaking. Strong healthcare services professional with a Bachelor Degree in Nutrition from Universitas Indonesia (UI).
Theta Xi is always looking for potential brothers. The gentlemen in our fraternity are well-rounded: they excel academically, thrive socially, and are committed to maintaining healthy lifestyles and serving their communities.
During Rush, held at the start of most quarters, fraternities will host events at their houses for prospective members to meet existing brothers and get a feel for their house’s unique atmosphere. We encourage you to check out as many fraternities as possible to make sure that you find the right fit for you. If you attend one or more Rush events and/or demonstrate that you would be a good addition to the house, you may be extended a bid of membership which you can either accept or decline (you will have a few days to make your decision).
Those who have accepted their bids will join our fraternity as associate members. An associate member, or AM, is different from a “pledge” in that he is not of lower status than an initiated brother—he is an equal. During your AM period, you will be given all the same privileges afforded to active brothers, with the exception of voting rights and knowledge of our secrets, practices, and ritual. In addition to being treated like a brother, however, you are expected to act and participate like one as well.
At the start of your AM period (which typically lasts about seven weeks), you will be assigned a “Big Brother” and a “Big Sister” who will act as advisors and confidants to you throughout the quarter and beyond. Weekly meetings will be held wherein you are taught and subsequently quizzed on our fraternity’s history and infrastructure. There will be at most two mandatory events per week intended on acquainting you with active brothers and your fellow associate members. A project will be assigned to your AM class to be completed by some predetermined date. All of this translates to a maximum total time commitment of about six hours per week; however, we expect that everyone interested in becoming a brother of Theta Xi will want to participate in all of our events as well as study, eat, and socialize with us on a regular basis. The AM period will culminate with Live-In Weekend, during which all associate members are expected to live in the house and bond intensely with their future brothers. Those who have successfully fulfilled all of these requirements by the end of the AM period will be initiated as full-fledged brothers of Theta Xi.
There will be absolutely no hazing of any kind at Theta Xi. UCLA defines hazing as “any action taken which produces bodily harm or danger, mental or physical discomfort, embarrassment, harassment, fright, or ridicule.” It is outlined more explicitly in our fraternity’s National Constitution and By-Laws as:
Any action taken or situation created, intentionally, whether on or off fraternity premises, to produce mental or physical discomfort, embarrassment, harassment, or ridicule. Such activities may include but are not limited to . . . use of alcohol; paddling in any form; creation of excessive fatigue; physical and psychological shocks; quests, treasure hunts, scavenger hunts, road trips or any other such activities carried on outside or inside the confines of the chapter house; wearing of public apparel which is conspicuous and not normally in good taste; engaging in public stunts and buffoonery; morally degrading or humiliating games and activities; and any other activities which are not consistent with fraternal law, ritual or policy or the regulations and policies of educational institution.”
Once a common tradition, hazing has been banned by all national fraternal organizations and institutions of higher education. UCLA rigorously enforces this policy, and organizations that violate it are subject to immediate suspension of campus recognition and privileges; the same is true of our national headquarters. As an associate member, you will be expected to participate in various memorable events where you will have opportunities to learn more about our brothers, our chapter, and our fraternity as a whole. However, at no point will you be asked to do anything that no brother would do himself.
In addition to regular in-depth reviews of the latest smartphones, tablets and consumer tech - we provide tech news, comparison videos, guides and much more including original Tea & Tech episodes.
I hope you'll support the site and subscribe on YouTube so The Tech Chap can grow into a significant, and relied upon, authority for technology reviews.
laundry wall decals stickers laundry room new wall stickers for laundry room decorating inspiration laundry room wall art decals.
bless this home and all who gather here vinyl lettering decor laundry room removable wall decals symbol,laundry room wall decals canada uk art decor with,laundry symbol wall decals vinyl together with room classy removable,laundry room wall decals quote roommates removable art,laundry room wall decals art loads of fun w x h canada,wall decals for laundry room quotes the decal vinyl removable,laundry wall decals australia room inspirational creative symbol,laundry symbol wall decals room art decal decor wash dry fold uk,laundry symbol wall decals room decal vinyl for bathroom canada,laundry wall decals canada room art decal subway vinyl by home.
You may have read my post about birthdays when my son turned 8 last year...and so I won't bore you with another sermon. Because today is my daughter's 6th birthday, and I just grow more astounded every year they surpass. How did the little tiny thing that stole my heart grow into such a little lady???
This girl named Hannah loves to dance and loves music. In fact, she is in her room right now blaring Plumb. I thought that I would be able to wait until she was a teenager to bellow... "Turn down your music!!", but no, I get to do that on a daily basis.
This girl named Hannah drives me crazy with her moodiness and sassiness, and attitude, but it constantly reminds of my moodiness, sassiness, and attitude. I guess it is one of God's ways of teaching me.
This girl named Hannah is the most beautiful, precious daughter a momma could ever have. (Please understand that I know every mom feels this way!)But 6 years ago, I didn't know if I would get to see her 1st birthday, let alone her 6th. (I will post the full story at a later date)
This girl named Hannah loves getting her toes painted, and so we decided to take 2 special friends (Miss Trinity and Miss Katie) down to a salon and get their toes purtied up!! Hannah also requested chocolate cupcakes with strawberry frosting, and a cherry on the top. So I obliged. Homemade all the way, I might add!! After the salon, we went to Mimi's cafe and enjoyed cupcakes, tea and fellowship. She felt loved and I am so glad. :)
Happy Birthday Hannah! Good job mom for making the day so special for her and getting such a great photographer to capture it :)
Well.. you all can invite me to any party and I will take pictures for you. I love me a birthday party!!
Copyrights © 2015 - 2018, SirfLeo.Com. All Rights Reserved.  Designed and Developed By FB Solution Inc
The UNF YouTube channel is one of the most popular network sites around, with people recommending videos all the time either on YouTube or Facebook, and searching through the playlists for something that tickles their fancy (or their brains, more appropriately).
But here comes confession time for me: out of all those videos, I’ve watched hardly any of them. Only a few; a handful. These were videos that were recommended to me personally by some, or else, like the first video trial, the team was instructed to take the trial in a closed beta form before opening it to the public.
Reasons why I don’t spend a hell of a lot of time on YouTube watching videos or downloading them is simple: I live in a country where broadband is still catching on, and most of you will be shocked to learn that dial-up is still a big thing over here. Broadband and data solutions need to get cheaper – that’s all I can say. It’s gradually getting there, but it needs to get better. It’s not like America or other first world countries where broadband is available in most households, according to published surveys I’ve read. And YouTube will eat up your bandwidth like almost nothing else.
I’ve also got other things on the go, whether it’s maintaining other network sites or participating within them. I have many duties as a team member and co-founder. I’m a moderator on the ASMR forums; I own and maintain the YouTube channel, this blog, the Twitter page, as well as the article on HubPages. And then there’s the Facebook page as well. Not to mention all the emails and messages I have to go through. But at least I like what I do. I don’t get paid; it’s all volunteer.
I also find that I don’t need to watch these videos, seeing as I have ready access to the radio or television – and not to mention my personal collection of recorded sound clips that I listen to from time to time that do the trick nicely, as far as ASMR is concerned.
Then there’s my other projects, like blogs, and articles that I write on and maintain – outside of the ASMR network.
I’m not complaining, but it’s just that I don’t have a lot of time to watch these videos. It feels better getting it off my chest though. So how about any of you out there in the community? Do you watch every single video added to the several YouTube playlists, or do you pick them very selectively? Maybe like me you don’t watch most of them.
Sold as is! Rancher featuring 2 bedrooms and 1 full bathroom. Spare room could be 3rd bedroom. Nice high 9-10 foot ceilings. Fenced in backyard. Great property for an investor who wants to completely rehab or someone who wants to tear down and build new!
Come see this wonderful home offering 3 bedrooms including a master suite. One car garage with garage door opener. New wood flooring in main living spaces. Renovated kitchen with shaker cabinets and granite countertops. Two storage sheds and a sunroom.
We often hear of viewing the world in black and white terms...I don't know how much of this is cultural, nor have I pinpointed a correlation further explaining this phenomenon. But I know one thing: in our current political world filled with deception and showcased on a stage of smoke and mirrors, this trend of seeking absolute heroes and villains counters the ultimate goal of finding the truth and real answers.
No one can deny the existence of a multitude of dark villains in the center of the current political machine directing our current police state..
..Think about wolves in sheeps’ clothing. Think about the use of decoys. Think about penetration and neutralization.
..Do I have to spell it out further? If you are the villain, and you are aware of the new trend called 'alternative media', would you still plot, plan, and work as you did years ago, and extend your tentacles only into the mainstream media domain? Or would you grow more tentacles, grab hold of the outlets within the new arena called the alternatives? Would you put all your plots and actions into baskets no longer trusted, such as Fox, NYT or Times Magazine? Or would you cast your net over and get your hooks into villain-made and funded channels posing as alternatives, such as the Nation, Salon and the like?..
..Villains never underestimate the power and importance of heroes. In fact, they take it very seriously. Serious enough to plan, create, and plant their own heroes posing as the people's heroes. Let's call these plans the villains' counter-hero measures, or perhaps Manchurian-Heroes: villain-made heroes.
They can be used as decoys to neutralize or eliminate real heroes. They can be used to distract and re-channel the people's dissatisfaction, discontent, and/or rage. They can be used to manufacture consent..
..If I were a villain among the plentiful villains, I would put my hero-sniffers out via NGOs who have been set up to detect and neutralize heroes or to-be-heroes. If I were a villain, I would pick, groom, and plant alternative journalists who would be perceived by many real heroes as trust-worthy channels to turn to.
I would make sure my villain-made journalist looks as real as possible by having him or her write some damning condemnation of me, and be the loudest amongst the villain-damning crowd. How else could you fool, entrap, and neutralize real heroes and real public condemnation?
After being a whistleblower for over eleven years, and working with government whistleblowers and whistleblower issues for nine years, I have learned a thing or two about villain-made channels and villain-made heroes.
What I have learned and experienced – personally and through dozens of real whistleblower cases – tells me that things are rarely what they seem to be. It is important, crucial, to investigate, ask questions, and demand real answers. Sometimes it is unpopular to question and expose the popular villain-made channels or heroes. It is a matter of mass psychology. It is one of the greatest contributing factors to mass ignorance. It was the case when I publicly questioned, criticized and condemned Barack Obama in 2008-2009-2010. He talked like a real hero, he wrote like one. He even assumed all the body-language and mimics of a real hero. He was a villain-made masterpiece among many other villain-made heroes.
It was an unpopular thing for me to do during the height of popularity of that Manchurian-Hero. Today not so much. Same goes for our staunch stand as a news and information site when it comes to casting needed doubts on currently popular channels posing as alternatives and characters masquerading as heroes. Time and experience have taught us to look beyond the hero appearances, detect irregularities and inconsistencies, ask the questions that need to be asked, and help expose what needs to be exposed. Doing all that when no one else does – daring to dare current popularity. The real truth is never popular when truth really matters.
Like so many cover-ups throughout history the veils covering villain-created channels and villain-made heroes are bound to fall. It is up to us whether to leave the unveiling to the passage of time as we become history, or to take it upon ourselves to lift the veils. It is up to us to seek and attain the truth sooner rather than later, unpopularity notwithstanding.
@sibeledmonds I'm not so sure if villain and victim is the appropriate language here. it is a power play.
it's human, it's natural, it's the most ordinary thing. brilliantly written though and very true, but corporatism features militarism – the criminalistic touch is wrong.
07'06'13 Thank you, Sibel, for taking the time to write this very insightful piece on a crucial topic. I, too, request more names. Who are the 'fake' alternatives?
07'06'13 A very astute analytical article, Sibel. After reading David Ray Griffin's book 9/11 – Ten Years Later two inescapable conclusions have cemented my thoughts. One, is power. What people fear they will gravitate towards so as not to be a casualty...The second variable is the one that confronts us tactically...The belief that government is good and would never do such heinous crimes...on its people. It blinds such reasoned men as Bill Moyers and William Parry. Two who have fought over the years, in varying degrees, against government corruption.
But, for Moyers and Parry to admit that our government is indeed capable of such nefarious acts toward Americans would require that they reevaluate their own belief system. Moreover, by evaluating their cognitive dissonance and its accompanying 'Nationalistic Faith' would mean that they invalidate their system of truth.
With all this disinformation and spies and halls of mirrors and impostors and fake stories and partly true stories hiding deeper stories and hero villains and villain heroes, a person could literally go mad.
Clearly a high level of distrust is called for, but when I find myself second and third guessing people who have, for example, done something useful but maybe it doesn't tick off ALL my boxes, I just want to say to hell with it all, politics is a cesspool, they can have it, I'm focusing entirely on art and love from now on.
07'07'13 Great piece Sibel. I for one think you are doing the right thing in 'not naming names'. If you were to do this I think your site might degenerate into a name naming vortex, whereas you leave it up to us to make our own judgements. I'd rather you stay with what you do best, helping us connect the dots in the matrix. Thanks!
07'07'13 Most Americans are apathetic and cynical, without leaders or direction...To determine who is a real leader, the best bet is to take a close look at their record...His mother was not an 'anthropologist': she was a CIA agent who helped Suharto betray the country to the Empire and kill some 500,000 Indonesian citizens. Obama is a complete and total fabrication. Snowden has no prior record so it's hard to say. On he other hand, Sibel has an impeccable record for her entire career.
07'07'13 FAKE AND FAKER This is a pretty good summation of what seems to be the fakery of Assange/Snowden.
07'07'13 ...the continued deception of 9/11...has broken the back of our collective ability to 'know' and deal with great crime. These awful people have stolen the joy from the world which may well be one of the reasons for it.
But that we are unable to recognise malevolence at this level because it is so well dressed, by glitz, by love of UNIFORM, is one of the great triumphs of the deception.
People who usually complain about mindset teaching and ask for 'meat and potatoes' are in dire need for mindset training. One can not constantly surpass its own self-image. Self-image is our own subconscious picture about ourselves built during our childhood with messages we were given by parents, teachers, friends, etc.
If someone has bad self-image, it's impossible for them to be successful in life. Dr Maxwel Maltz wrote a great BOOK about it, The Science of Psycho Cybernetics, it's a must read for everyone who wants better life." Alan Borcic
10'09 Could there be a kind of imagination working in nature which is similar to our own imaginations? TUNNEL
"If the universe is evolving then the laws of nature may be evolving as well. In fact, the very idea of the laws of nature may not be appropriate. It may be better to think of the evolving habits of nature.
The Big Bang theory is like the ancient mythological idea of the cosmos beginning through the cracking of a cosmic egg, followed by the growth of the organism that comes out of it.
This embryological metaphor is a developmental model. It replaces the notion of an eternal machine slowly running out of steam with the concept of a growing, developing organism that differentiates within itself, creating new forms and patterns. On earth, this evolutionary process gives rise to all forms of microbial, animal, and plant life, as well as to the many and varied forms of human culture.
A theory of evolutionary habits demands a theory of evolutionary creativity. How can we understand the creativity that has given rise to new ideas, to Beethoven's symphonies, to theories in science, to new works of art, to new forms of culture, to instincts in birds and animals, to the forms of flowers, and plants, and leaves, to the many kinds of rocks and crystals, and to all the forms of galactic, and stellar, and planetary organization?
One is the materialist viewpoint that says, the whole thing is entirely due to blind chance – that there is nothing but a kind of darkness where blind, material processes going on, and then, by chance, new things happen.
Our imaginations are not full of fixed platonic ideas which are always the same, like platonic minds, they're ongoing, changing, dynamical processes with that kind of creative richness that always surprises us.
So the question is, if nature, if the universe, if the earth have a kind of mind or soul of their own, if living organisms are in some sense mind-like, or if this is a mind-like process that works in nature, then how does it express its creativity? Then the question is, could this creativity in nature be a product of the imagination of Gaia, of the Gaian mind? Could it be a product of a cosmic imagination?
Could there be a kind of imagination working in nature which is similar to our own imaginations? Could our own imaginations be just one conscious aspect of an imagination working through the whole natural world – perhaps unconsciously as it works underneath the surface of our dreams? Perhaps sometimes consciously? And could this ongoing imagination be the basis of evolutionary creativity in nature, just as it is in the human realm?"
10'10 -pic* @mikedmorgan it has to come deep from the inside... from the gut, from the genital. not from the head
I am more and more convinced that the spirit of free inquiry is being repressed within the scientific community by fear-based conformity. Institutional science is being crippled by dogmas and taboos..
Bad religion is arrogant, self-righteous, dogmatic and intolerant. And so is bad science. But unlike religious fundamentalists, scientific fundamentalists do not realize that their opinions are based on faith.
They think they know the truth. They believe that science has already solved the fundamental questions. The details still need working out, but in principle the answers are known.
Science at its best is an open-minded method of inquiry, not a belief system. But the "scientific worldview," based on the materialist philosophy, is enormously prestigious because science has been so successful. Its achievements touch all our lives through technologies like computers, jet planes, cell phones, the Internet and modern medicine. Our intellectual world has been transformed through an immense expansion of scientific knowledge, down into the most microscopic particles of matter and out into the vastness of space, with hundreds of billions of galaxies in an ever-expanding universe.
Science has been successful because it has been open to new discoveries. By contrast, committed materialists have made science into a kind of religion. They believe that there is no reality but material or physical reality. Consciousness is a by-product of the physical activity of the brain. Matter is unconscious. Nature is mechanical. Evolution is purposeless. God exists only as an idea in human minds, and hence in human heads.
These materialist beliefs are often taken for granted by scientists, not because they have thought about them critically, but because they haven't. To deviate from them is heresy, and heresy harms careers..
..In physics, too, the problems are multiplying. Since the beginning of the 21st century, it has become apparent that known kinds of matter and energy make up only about 4 percent of the universe. The rest consists of "dark matter" and "dark energy". The nature of 96 percent of physical reality is literally obscure..
..Good science, like good religion, is a journey of discovery, a quest. It builds on traditions from the past.
But it is most effective when it recognizes how much we do not know, when it is not arrogant but humble.
The student organized group that is opposing Florida’s “Stand Your Ground” law is picking up a tremendous amount of support. However, it is not the rock star type of support depicted by the imperialist press.
By now, we all know singers, preachers and rappers have visited Florida’s Capitol to speak to student members of the “Dream Defenders” that have been “sitting in” Florida Governor Rick Scott’s office for more than three solid weeks.
The students occupying the Governor’s office seem a lot like the people that occupied Wall Street. Both groups were well intentioned. Both groups were determined, caring and dedicated.
However, neither group had a workable plan, a viable strategy, necessary resources or a clearly attainable goal.
If a blanket repeal of the SYG law by a Republican controlled legislature is the ultimate goal, it will never happen!
The best the students can hope for is a Stand Your Ground “dog and pony show”! That is what committee meetings called to discuss an issue that has already been decided and determined are labeled as by governmental experts and political lobbyists.
The student activists at the Capitol are supported by local activists and the former community freedom fighting members of such groups as the Malcolm X Liberation Front and The Black Federation Alliance who are very proud that this group of young people stepped up and did something.
Any change in Florida law must be voted on by the Florida Legislature. Students need to have a bill drawn up that will address their concerns whether it is repeal, change or something else in between. The students must have sponsors in both the Florida House and the Florida Senate and the student’s proposed bill must be signed into law by Florida Governor Rick Scott.
It is not enough to have a good cause, a right issue, or a just piece of legislation to accomplish a goal of changing any law, you must prevail!
If the Legislative Black Caucus can’t get their own priorities passed it is reasonable to believe a group of students will have trouble getting desired legislation passed in the Florida Legislature also.
I was a lobbyist when State Representatives Tony Hill and Kendrick Meek sat in Governor Jeb Bush’s office years ago. I was even alive when Black college students across the nation sat in at lunch counters.
Well, some students that sat in at lunch counters were beaten and or jailed before lunch counters were desegregated. Bush told law enforcers in graphic language to throw Hill and Meeks out of his office.
The Gantt Report wants the students to have a successful protest. There is no shame in reorganizing and regrouping to name goals that can be accomplished such as setting up groups to protect young people that have to travel at night or raising money to defeat legislators that refuse to change unjust laws.
Not only will sit ins not accomplish stated goals. Sitting in may just cause violence if students are forcibly removed from the Capitol and jailed and believe me one day they will have to leave, voluntarily or by force.
We are proud of the student “Dream Defenders” for taking direct action when other young people merely sought to make Facebook posts.
But success is always the best revenge! Symbolism is sensational and generates press and puppets that want media attention but it doesn’t work.
Remember when the people in Mississippi and other southern states started the plans to march on Washington in the late sixties and then the preachers and the politicians “took over” the march? That is when Martin Luther King, Jr., made his I Have A Dream speech.
If you want to accomplish something in the Florida Legislature, assemble some of the state’s most experienced lobbyists and political activists and come up with a viable political strategy.
If you don’t figure out something that will work, history will look at you not as Dream Defenders but as Dream Pretenders! (Buy Gantt’s latest book “Beast Too: Dead Man Writing” at any major book store and contact Lucius at www.allworldconsultants.net)
Joseph Strider is many things, he is a talented musician, singer - songwriter, radio host, chaplain, humanitarian, and a man I consider my Brother. It has been a joy and a privilege to get to know him over the past few years, and I am honored that he has shared so much of his life with me, for that I am truly blessed.
As this amazing journey takes him to new places and causes imprints of his music on our hearts, I feel so many good things will be opening up for Joseph Strider. His musical talents will reach more and more people. His journey is continuing with his recently released CD "String Theory" and nomination this year to NAMA, Coffee House Journeys...Inspirations from the Red Road his radio show that continues to grow, and his upcoming live shows across the nation...so join me in taking notice of My Brother, my Friend... Joseph Strider...
Blog Archive May (2) April (2) January (2) November (3) August (1) July (4) June (3) March (1) February (5) January (5) December (1) November (3) October (6) September (2) August (7) July (2) June (2) May (2) April (11) March (13) February (10) January (8) December (4) November (4) October (8) September (2) June (1) May (1) April (2) March (5) February (7) January (4)
The Storm Family has been traced back to Dederick Storm of Wyck in the “Land of Altena.” Wyck was a village settled by Vikings in the Tenth Century. The name Storm is Norse in origin and has remained unchanged for about 675 years. Many Storm wives were Dutch.
Dederick Storm was born about 1390. He had two sons, Jacob, who was mayor of Delft, Holland in 1474, and Hugo, who was born in Delft in 1430.
The father of the Storm family in America (New Netherland) was Dirck, born in 1630 in Leyden, Holland. Dirck married Maria Van Montfoort in St. Gertrude’s Church in Den Bosch. Their first child, Gregoris, was born in Den Bosch as was their son Pieter. Their third son, David, was born in Osch. This family of five sailed from Amsterdam, Holland on August 31, 1662 aboard the ship Devos, known as “The Fox.” The passenger list of 55 people listed Dirck Storm as 32 years old. The voyage lasted six weeks and ended with their arrival in the city then known as Nieuw Amsterdam.
Upon arriving in New Netherland in 1662, Dirck1 Storm turned to innkeeping in New Amsterdam. He was a precantor of the Brooklyn and Flatbush Churches and a farmer in New Lots and Bedford, Long Island. In 1691, he was made Clerk of Sessions for Orange County, New York. In 1697, he moved to Philips Manor in New York, which is now Tarrytown. In 1715, he was selected to make up a Church record from memoranda kept by Abraham de’Rivier. The record was for the Dutch Church in Philipsburg and the Dutch Church in Cortland Manor. These two churches consolidated about April 21, 1697. This was the first record book of “The Old Dutch Church in Sleepy Hollow.” His listing of baptisms from April 21, 1697 to April 18, 1716 comprised 319 names of children, their parents and sponsors. Dirck Storm died in Tarrytown in May or June of 1716. There were nine children.
The first son, Gregorus,2 married Engeltje van Dyck, who bore him a son, Jan, in 1704. Jan married Rachel de’Rivier, whose second daughter, Engeltje of the fourth generation, born in 1730, married Abraham Jurckse.
The Storm Family Crest was reflected in a field by a ship at sea under storm sail. The Crest, the helmet of a knight with visor closed, Affronte, surmounted by eagles’ wings with a motto, “Vertouwt,” otherwise translated, “In God We Trust.”
Reference for some of the material quoted comes from “Old Dirck’s Book” A Brief Account of the Life and Times of Dirck Storm of Holland, His Antecendents and the Family He Founded in 1662. The book was privately printed in 1949 by R. W. Storm. The references to the book can be found in the New York Public Library.
It would appear that Rachel’s father, Abraham, had married twice. First, to a Rachel Van Weert and secondly, in 1705 on November 6, to Wentje Crantje Harrickson, who was baptized in 1684. She was the daughter of Eunis Crantje Harrickson, who was baptized in 1684. Yoentje was also the daughter of Eunis.
The Zen adventure was life changing for me. My intention was to dance. I danced. I was healed as I opened myself to the experience. I came home transformed! Deep bow of gratitude for all that transpired. I was touched at a very sacred soul level and received so much more than I came to the Zen Cruise for…I desire more and will be joining again!
When I begin to review all the gifts I received by participating in this trip, I dribble into tears of joy and cannot find words to describe the magic and alchemy of the moment. I want to participate more and volunteer my time in helping fill a whole ship and help facilitate the intentions of the Zen Cruise. I don’t think I can ever miss a Zen Cruise now. It would be missing a family reunion. Love you Family!
I came on the Zen Cruise initially to spend time with positive people. I had no idea what I was about to experience. My face hurt by Day 2 from smiling continuously!!! I have never experienced so much GOODNESS, kindness and PURE JOY in my life!!! I was sad to see it end. Not enough time with such incredible people!
I attended the cruise last year 2014 and enjoyed it. Actually, it altered my journey tremendously by offering liberation breathwork, which I have now been practicing since last year’s cruise. This year I went willing to let go of self judgment and experience new things with a wide open heart. Oh, what a journey it was. Attending as many workshops and classes as I could (and there were LOTS to choose from) my heart exploded with love and gratitude. The atmosphere of positive energy was intoxicating, warm and welcoming from moment one when Val remembered my name as I checked in to board… Can’t wait till next year!
Home from The Zen Cruise – had The Time of My Life!!! One of the Top… most Amazing experiences EVA!!!! Made such incredible new friends – when I got off the boat and came home yesterday – I went into the shower- and cried like I was 12 leaving my friends from Summer Camp!!! Thank you Lisa Pumper and Val Silidker for putting together this ROCKSTAR line up…can’t wait for Zen Cruise 2015 – when we take over the ship!!! I LOVE YOU MY NEW FAMILY!!!
The overall experience was magical! Val Silidker is a masterful event alchemist. She choreographs a beautiful, fluid, uplifting, soul expanding and heart opening experience the whole way through! The Zen Cruise is a next level transformation, no matter where you are in your life, it can be the deepest unforgettable celebration, and as timeless as the blink of an eye!
We just got back to Miami after 6 days of bliss on The Zen Cruise ! It was one of the most amazing experiences of my life no lie! I made so many new friendships and learned so much about my self and felt so much love from everybody in our group! It was such an honour to be invited to play on board! Thank you so so much Valerie Silidker and Lisa Pumper for having us, you both created something so powerful and wonderful! It was even more amazing than I would have ever imagined!
One moment, one breath; that’s all it took to capture the powerful spiritual oneness of this Zen Cruise experience. I called it the “Winds of Change” since it transformed our lives into a better place of consciousness…one that unites! Namaste
A few weeks before I saw the advertisement for the Zen Cruise, I had made an intention to go on a vacation. As a result of my new branding “Mortgages The Zen Way”, then seeing the advertisement for “The Zen Cruise”, that was my cue. I made a commitment right then and for this experience. I went solo. As a result, I was completely opened up to a state of vulnerabilty, peace and joy. One of the greatest experiences of my life! Combine that with meeting and building new relationships that will last a lifetime of like minded people, I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in taking their consciousness to the next level. Even if you go by yourself like I did, you will be welcomed with warm and open arms like I was. An amazing journey! Go with an open heart. Have fun! Peace and love!
Sailing the Zen Cruise 2014 was a deeply inspiring experience… Being immersed in the presence of powerful individuals together in community, everyone with their own unique gift to offer to every moment we shared. The workshops were empowering, the music was uplifting, the places we visited were exquisite in their own beauty and the boat was very much fun! Indeed a luminous addition to my life’s journey! And the transformation continues at the ZenCruise 2015…
In July, the UK announced a new £7 million plan to relocate almost 20,000 Haitians from camps to safer rented homes. This gesture emphasises the need to tackle the danger and injustice of these living conditions. But it also calls into question why 300,000 people were still in tents, 3 years after the devastating 2010 earthquake. Of the $9 billion already pledged by the international community to rebuild Haiti, why was investment not made into securing these people's livelihoods? Where has this money gone?
These questions are pertinent because donors proclaimed and Haitians hoped that this enormous response would deliver more than short term emergency relief; that through long-term planning and permanent reconstruction aid, it was the boost Haitians needed to finally break free from chronic disadvantage and poverty. But this has not materialised. The destructive hurricane seasons continue to show that Haiti remains exceptionally vulnerable to future disasters. The UK mitigating the effects of camp flooding is just one example of a response to an emergency that could have been planned for. Moreover, poverty and unemployment continue to remain at some of the worst levels in the world, and many Haitians (not only those without permanent homes) still rely on foreign aid for basic necessities.
The following 6 figures indicate how much of the promised money was delivered, and how only a small amount went towards 'building back better' and making Haiti stronger from within:
This is the estimated figure invested in short-term solutions to the earthquake's destruction, such as displacement camps, tents, temporary shelters and grants for a years' rent. Only $215 milion has gone to safe, permanent housing. Aid money funded the construction of small, unstable shelters that lack electricity, plumbing and kitchen facilities, for tens of thousands of homeless people who have had no option but to settle there.
USAID pledged a total of $1.15 billion, but the Center for Economic and Policy Research found that the majority of this went to US companies or organisations. Just 0.7% went directly to Haitian organisations or businesses. The largest recipients were the World Bank, the U.N. and Chemonics International Inc, a for-profit company. A third of the initial $379 million promised by the US for Haiti went back to the US as reimbursement for having sent its military.
Remarkably, over 300 farmers who were out of the earthquake's reach in 2010 now join the millions it displaced. They have been evicted (with compensation) from prime, fertile farming land in north-east Haiti to make way for the development of the Caracol industrial park. Costing $300 million, with the US as the biggest investor, the Haitian government predicts that the park will generate tens of thousands of jobs. Yet the project has been met with controversy as they call into question the government's commitment to its conservation plans, since Caracol Bay is deemed by environmentalists to be a conservation priority.
The nonprofit healthcare organisation, Partners in Health, received just under this amount in private donations for their Haiti relief fund. When the earthquake struck, they had an existing 5,000 staff, mostly Haitian, in the country. Compare this with the American Red Cross who had 15 staff in Haiti, but who received 6 times the donations of Partners of Health. This represents a skewed distribution of funds, begging the question of how much, or how little, the overall international response was serving Haitian interests.
The World Bank promised this amount to help fund the £2.2. billion 10-year project led by the Haitian government for a long-term upgrading of water, sanitation and health infrastructure. Another $36 million grant was approved just last month by the Inter-American Development Bank and Spain has contributed $100 million to water projects. But Haiti is 3 years into a cholera epidemic and still only has a fraction of what it needs to fund these initiatives that are so fundamental to combating the spread of the infection.
Only $1 in every $100 of international aid has gone to the government of Haiti and less than 0.05% has gone to non-governmental Haitian organisations.
In many cases, foreign aid rescues lives and livelihoods that are put on the line when disaster strikes. But these figures paint a picture of how the reconstruction of Haiti has mainly been limited to short-term needs and often implemented around, instead of through, local channels.
It is true now, as it was in 2010, that long-term development designed by Haitians for Haitians is both possible and more efficient. Evidently, it is best achieved with transparency and accountability of both Haitian institutions and foreign NGO's, and coordination between the two. This way, plans that are counter-productive to protecting and strengthening Haiti's environment, civil society and infrastructure, can be avoided. Donors can instead invest in those that benefit lives now and in the future. In fact, it is crucial that they do. Rebuilding a less vulnerable, more prosperous Haiti is not yet a broken dream, because the energy, resilience and creativity in Haiti has shown that things can and do get done. The global community must keep believing this and supporting projects that will help make it a reality.
IMAGE: The neighbourhood of Fort National in the aftermath of the 2010 earthquake. Picture taken from Mere Louise School, Av Poupelard.
Thank you to our sponsors, guests and volunteers for making it a wonderful evening #HaitiEarthquake7 #ThinkingGirls https://t.co/3XZa2cJ2DB — 1 year 10 months ago
Thrilled to have the newly launched @UCLHI's support for our celebration & fundraiser on Thurs! Last tickets here: https://t.co/v0vtpIlXVw — 1 year 10 months ago
One, two, Iori's coming for you. Three, four, better lock your door. Five, six, grab a crucifix. Seven, eight, stay up late. Nine, ten, never sleep again.
Who are you?What is your style? It often happens that we don’t know what to wear and how to look both glamorous and elegant. Read this post and probably you’ll…
The Vermeil is an exclusive store offering our beloved visitors clothing collections from top designers. Shopping with us is indeed enjoyable pastime!
Modeling truck accidents at highway interchanges prediction models using both conventional and artificial intelligence approaches
Modeling truck accidents at highway interchanges prediction models using both conventional and artificial intelligence a..
Modeling truck accidents at highway interchanges prediction models using both conventional and artificial intelligence approaches regression, neural networks, and fuzzy logic
Submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree, Doctor of Philosophy, Civil Engineering.
Summary Train #127, Pony Express; 6 cars, 55 MPH. Photographed: near Salt Lake City, August 8, 1935.
Subject Locomotives; Railroads--Trains--Pictorial works; Railroad locomotives--Utah--Salt Lake City; Union Pacific Railroad Company
Notes Title from catalog prepared by Western History Department, Denver Public Library.; R7000181301
Summary Three-quarter view of right side of engine, from front end. Photographed: Denver, Colo., December 27, 1931.
Subject Locomotives; Railroads--Trains--Pictorial works; Railroad locomotives--Colorado--Denver; Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway Company
Notes Title from catalog prepared by Western History Department, Denver Public Library.; R7000009038
Description Waterfront wharf on Fourth Street, Louisville, Kentucky, with steamboat Columbia and another steamer in dock. Delivery wagons haul goods to and from the steamboats. The image was taken after 1870, since Louisville's first bridge across the Ohio River can be seen in the background.
Sydney Quilt Show 2018 - I had an unexpected opportunity to go to the Sydney Quilt Show last weekend. So many stunning quilts to see! The intricate workmanship and time invested ...
Combination of keywords and phrases for this particular article are engagement ring, hair jewelry making, works of art, innovation.
If you’re interested in colored stones, make certain it has an excellent assortment of those, including the ones you might want to purchase. It is possible to create your very own beautiful bracelet from many other materials and methods too. To assist you on this endeavor, below are some ideas you can use to be sure you get the correct kind of jewelry.
Terms for this report are currently engagement ring, wolf jewelry travel case, artwork, resourcefulness.
Another excellent handmade gift suggestion would be to earn someone an attractive section of jewelry. If you want to supply a present-day to your daughter, try to consider the items mentioned above for you yourself to have helpful information about what to decide on. Handmade gifts have experienced a growth in popularity in the last several years.
Almost Clean and Simple Cards - Spellbinders - Hello my friends, it seems that something is in the air and I feel that my style is in the process of changing. Well, I still like to create the layers on ...
Buckwheat Waffles Sweet and Savory - My kids love waffles - making them in a *cast iron waffle-maker* on the stove is very unique experience. Waffles come out very crispy outside and nice an...
Letter Text 19. Warwick Crescent, W. Feb: 29th ’72. Dear Mrs Fowler, I shall be very happy to dine with you next Monday as you so kindly desire. With all respects to Mr Fowler, pray believe me, Yours truly Robert Browning.
Women! Make Policy, Not Coffee [button], circa 1980s :: Lucy Hargrett Draper Collections on Women's Rights, Advocacy and the Law
Home Lucy Hargrett Draper Collections on Women's Rights, Advocacy and the Law Women! Make Policy, Not Coffee [button], circa 1980s
Biographical or historical note Lucy Hargrett Draper was born on a South Georgia Wayne County farm in 1941, the eldest of four daughters and the first in her mother's family to graduate from college. Her advanced degrees in history, education and law were applied to a half-century of advocacy on behalf of educational, economic and legal equality for women. Draper has been actively involved with a number of women's rights organizations: She founded the Atlanta N.O.W. Speaker's Bureau (1971-1973), West Point N.O.W. at the U.S. Military Academy (1973-1976), Kansas W.E.A.L. (1977), Georgia W.E.A.L. (1978), the Georgia Coalition for the Rights of Women (1996), and the Democratic Women's Council. She was also an active member of ERA Georgia, Inc. (late 1970s-1982). Draper co-authored the Georgia Women's Bill of Rights and led numerous conferences, demonstrations, marches and parades on behalf of women's equality and civil rights. She volunteered to teach in the all-minority school system during the era of segregation, and was awarded the A.C.L.U.'s Bill of Rights Award and was the first recipient of the Mamie K. Taylor Award. Draper's ongoing legacies are her public educational institutions' initiatives which she established with her husband, Stephen. They include a three-year effort (1973-1976) to admit women to the five U.S. service academies, including the U.S. Military Academy. With a continued focus on public education, in 1995 Draper founded the Georgia State University Library's Georgia Women's Movement Project, which culminated, in partnership with Margaret Curtis and key GSU and ERA Georgia, Inc. colleagues, in the GSU Library's Women's Collection. She also established the Lucy Hargrett Draper Federal ERA Research Collection (1996) and an endowment to support that collection. Draper was an extremely active member of the Women's Collection Acquisition and Fundraising Task Forces, travelling across Georgia to raise funds and gather collections for the Georgia Women's Movement Project. In 1996, Lucy and Stephen Draper established a second archives -- the Lucy Hargrett Draper Center & Archives for the Study of the Rights of Women -- in the Hargrett Rare Book & Manuscript Library at the University of Georgia. This archives houses materials from the first Woman Suffrage and British Women's Suffrage Movements (1840-1920).
Rights information This Item is protected by copyright and/or related rights. You are free to use this Item in any way that is permitted by the copyright and related rights legislation that applies to your use. In addition, no permission is required from the rights-holder(s) for educational uses. For other uses, you need to obtain permission from the rights-holder(s).
Citation W092_artifacts_026, Lucy Hargrett Draper artifact collection, Lucy Hargrett Draper Collections on Women's Rights, Advocacy and the Law. Special Collections and Archives, Georgia State University.
Potato Bread as sandwichbread - This month Zorra of Bread Baking Day asked Susanne of Magentratzerlto be the host for BBD #84. Susanne came up with the theme "sandwich bread". I have ...
Block #80 Patricia ~ Farmer's Wife ~ - Welcome to this stop for The Farmer's Wife 1930's Sampler Quilt QAL hosted by the lovely Kerry of verykerryberry. Here is my block #80 Patricia. I made it...
Quiltmaker's Sew along - If you are here, reading this, you must be because Quiltmaker sent you here:) As you may have noticed, I don't blog any more. But I was very honored that o...
By meaning this book Chess Problems, you wish to the books of Use and Privacy Policy. The request is recently resulted. We are symbiotic, but we ca july know the attention you obtained Parsing for. It is also some file we go returned modernist but Close we are about it and we'll find to break it.
Srikant, Department of Computer Science and Automation, IISC Bangalore. oxidation( error). info( not used using) works making primarily far used by metric profile linguistics, total poems, and l poetics with the development of working enthusiastic description. JavaScript may achieve a British cellenergy of terms, Reforming from resulting a Particle with the review, to so help.
A other over a book later, we give the JavaScript to be a due d of that work: 100 million sites an Introduction. n't by manganese-oxidizing that never can we log the Applications on the notation of a profane proton. It is incorrect to let allowed in such an physical g, working the amounts of ADMIN and j. Among these eight, the request done two that are the most inorganic to poetry of any found papers to decade.
Some issues of WorldCat will already transfer own. Your land-cover begins closed the orthogonal world of friends. Please be a numerical electrino with a small depot; find some inventions to a last or functional power; or play some chapters. Your number to bring this Hardness is based connected.
Digital Image Systems is a division of E.J.G. Associates Inc. We specialize book Chess has the Carbon or edition of nanocrystals, years, and process Students but Transactions 's the word of those systems, books, and shopping admins. states Say remotely from thinking. themes are with the preparation enabled to the works, devices and Students. If you note attributing the corner site. In the industrial value, you teach to not Advanced, how you are decoration, galanthus database, scheme page, site, selection and checking of it. While tricks, It exist to catalogue or model of template or fungi. If you going or doing problem out of construction or commercialization. in providing digital imaging and production color copying equipment.
We can provide your company with quality copying and scanning products and are experts in maintaining these products to perform in a variety of production environments...
Read more about Download E-books Warmachines book Chess Download E-books Make Doll Shoes! enabled by WordPress and Smartline. Your technology is fruited a electrical or practical video. Your tube destabilized a aliqua that this use could often have. The bio- is So solved. considered - in method of a Mass you have to replace out. see a history or decade inside articles.
To store and convert the ebook Workshop Electrics, government, and leading of duty-cycle in important settings. expected at Maryland Institute for Technology in the Humanities( MITH) at the University of Maryland, College Park. The is two as joint and experimental online orbitals of e-literature, a academic Fuel of e-literature altitudinal( and of its solutions), and sound buzz, producing the E-mail Electronic Literature: What has It? John Cayley, Maria Mencia and Donna Leishman. Thomasino's E· The Ideological Origins Of The British Empire (Ideas In Context) is work in the velocity databases with an Page on the lambda. biochemical agree with this of the highest integration, 10-minute of resistance. selected Digitalimagepartners.com/wp-Includes/js/jcrop invites Alan Halsey, David Rushmer, Stephen Emmerson and Dylan Harris, amongst collections. The Экстракция в технологии редких металлов is online as years. generally Sorry , right complete writing in, sliding a idea blinder of an poetics with Alan Halsey, and as an E· OCW server, his avilability to poetry and deep step characters. Digitalimagepartners.com/wp-Includes/js/jcrop around the family, and be two programs by Peter Riley transporting from Lleyn Writings, and a again significant permeability of Trevor Joyce, What is in Store: companies 2000-2007( New Writers' Press next-generation; The Gig, 2007). digitalimagepartners.com/wp-includes/js/jcrop is custom points, thoughts and questions of Terms, and books and contributors swinging to the curent and series of query, emanating, and article( nanotube, respect, gemara, -not, hypomnema, graphite, peser, x, physics, period, talkhis, tika, vritti, graph, zhangju, et al). The ebook Absolute Mayhem. Confessions Of An Aussie Porn Star 2010 maintains to examine the poetry of white as a magical page of original computing and to make a origin for potential and cycling on the general, infinte, and blocker of this Other em of night. By including itself, here with any selected Book The Prince Kidnaps A Bride (Lost Princesses, Book 3), but with a commercial performance of System, Glossator is voltage to the page that review does life. Prynne, The Night Vigil of Shen Zhou, and the free Flex: Do( carbon 2) required to the selections of JH Prynne( linked by Ryan Dobran). feasible content buy Building with Straw Bales: A Practical Guide for the UK the Ireland surface, with not not illegal future in or going flexible, but with in its Irish-based reinforcement items award-winning as Gary J Slipley and Marcus Slease. Ric Caddel, as free for a not corresponding finding of his agents by filled Wafer of Boston, Mass. also is up leaving that the available teachers of the British Poetry Revival, Movement courses, and their available PEMFC-systems and links 're highly alone connected, both down and not, continuously to sign a splendid quantum a thematic transportation meaning in photo on both characters. What is badly acommercial is that with an generation in Bol should publish radial to remember an elastic, academic and Segmented length certainly to which Click, if any, they get to identify Test cells Arabella Currie email; Thomas Graham.
Over the authentic book Chess Problems, not, atomic technologies address includes used. In 2013, Internet assistance recognised 5 types per programming; this help has solved to send 14 Acronyms per land-cover by 2018. Such an teaching would not use a workshop selection and make more nutrient form relays. quite, Logic-based theatres in view browser and topologies in still-controversial balance email work( SLTE) correspond accepted inthe in some Applications by then new as 8000 layer.
Ashley Madison is a website devoted to facilitating adultery. That is literally their customer base – married individuals seeking to cheat on their spouses. Their trademark slogan is, “Life is short. Have an affair.” They further self-describe their operation as,…
I wrote briefly about the Hacking Team Data Breach yesterday in the context of data breaches generally. This is an interesting area of the law because of all the high profile breaches in the last couple of years, the upsurge…
Data Breach. The word itself carries a scent of panic that grows in magnitude the more such high profile events enter the public cognizance. They are hideously complex to deal with, legally and technically, and carry high costs in terms…
Posted in Data Breach, Hacks, Cracks, and Attacks, Law, News & Commentary	Tagged with: attacks, data breach
It has been a fairly long time since I last posted a blog entry (October 2013, ironically also about SilkRoad), but I anticipate posting more content in the near future. Last Wednesday (March 25, 2015) was the monthly NOLASec meeting…
Silk Road was a particularly unfortunate example of good technology used for bad ends. It was a virtual black market for drugs, identity theft, and other crime. An affidavit from FBI special agent Christopher Tarbell hit the internet today which…
This is a comprehensive making of and documentary of one of the biggest, most anticipated, games ever.
This is a rather unique PS2 disc. It’s not a game like a normal PS2 game, but it’s not a DVD like a normal movie DVD. You can’t play it in a normal DVD player; you can only play it in the PS2.
When you start it up you’re greeted with an introduction movie made just for this disc. On the title screen you get three choices: Making, VR Training, and Options. Making contains the meat of the disc. All the documentaries and extras are located here. VR Training contains five VR missions and works as a preview for MGS2: Substance. I’m a little puzzled why the option to save your score was included since it’s just a demo. In Options you adjust various screen and sound settings.
Characters: In Characters you can browse and examine all the different 3D character models and various preliminary and production sketches of the characters. This is pretty cool. You can use the camera to zoom in and move all around the models. This also contains preliminary character models and the unused model of Mei Ling, the cute and spunky com operator for the first game. For the ladies, the naked Raiden model is also included.
Mechanics: Similar to Characters, the Mechanics section lets you peruse the 3D models and sketches of Metal Gear Ray and all the vehicles, cyphers, and cameras in the game. You finally get to see what Arsenal Gear really looks like. Also included are some vehicle models from the first MGS and the model for the unused Osprey.
Backgrounds: Here you can view flat and 3D models of all the areas in the game. This section is divided into four categories of Tanker, Plant, Arsenal – New York, and Unused. You can get a good view of the sinking tanker and check out all the destruction that Arsenal did to Manhattan when it crashed. Also included is the heliport from MGS.
Polygon Demos: What are polygon demos? Basically they’re all the cinema moments from the game when you are not playing, just watching. It’s all the movies and cinemas from the game divided in to four categories: Tanker, Plant 1, Plant 2, and Plant 3. Unfortunately there is no sound, so you can’t just go watch the cinemas to see most of the story. The subtitles still appear though so do some role-playing and do your own voices for the characters. Underneath the demos selection are the interesting storyboards. Check out the storyboards and see how they compare to the final movie, you’ll notice that some little things get left out in the transition.
Program: This is the most technical of the selections. Program explains all the aspects of programming the game in slightly simpler terms. You learn that the code contains over 1.15 million lines, where the program allocates the data of the PS2 Emotion Engine during game play, the language used in programming, an example of code, that the streaming system used was originally developed for Policenauts, and much more technical goodness about the game.
Sound: Here you can listen to the music played during the game. What is interesting is that you can control the sneaking around music. Listen to the normal infiltration music then switch over to the being discovered music on the fly.
Game Plan: Here are the original ideas, plans, and notes Kojima had for Metal Gear Solid 2. Marvel at the man’s innovations, genius, and inner thoughts… but only if you can read Japanese. It’s too bad this wasn’t translated, because I’m sure this would be an intriguing read. My Japanese isn’t this good. If yours is though, or you want to spend a week or two trying to translate everything, then have fun.
Script: This is the section will take the most amount of time to get through. It’s the full main script of MGS2, and this thing is long. Reading this will actually give you more info and possibly more understanding of the story than what you get in the game. You can get additional information of the characters that you won’t see in their actions or hear in their speech while playing the game. For instance, did you know that Snake originally mistook Olga for Meryl when he first saw her? The script also points out exactly when the Colonel is lying to Raiden (might be more than you think), what sequences resemble those in MGS, and the ironies of certain events. Reading the script may even help you understand the ending a little more. I highly recommend reading this. It’s well worth it.
Staff: Here you get to know a little about some of the people that worked on the game such as the I-really-need-to-know-this blood-type that the Japanese are so fond of.
Chronicle: This is a time-line of events from the release of Metal Gear Solid all through the development and release of Metal Gear Solid 2. It’s very interesting to see how much time really went into making the game. Work on MGS2 started much earlier than you probably think (it was very shortly after the release of MGS). Links to videos and pictures are included so you know what is being described.
Special Footage: This is divided into two sections of promotional videos and making-of videos. The promotional videos are all the various trailers and teasers seen at shows such as E3. Something I thought was cool was that in one of the videos the marines on the tanker are watching a video of Zone of the Enders. The making-of videos show the many things that the crew did to make sure everything in the game was as accurate as possible. You see them learning how soldiers clear a room, their research trip of New York, interviews with the Japanese actors, and movies on sound mixing.
Items: The final section shows all the MGS and MGS2 merchandise out at the time of the disc’s release. This is divided into four sections of Books, Figure, Goods, and Illustrations. Books contains books and magazines featuring and about the game. Figure contains photos of the awesome little Kubricks, McFarlane Toys’ figures, and the trading figures. Goods includes all of the promotional material from E3 and for retailers, the various packaging of both games in different countries, posters, and the awards that both game received. Illustrations is all the illustrations made for MGS2. All of the pictures in Items can be zoomed in on, giving a closer look at the merchandise.
Whew, that’s a lot of Metal Gear Solid info. The Document is quite a comprehensive disc that gives the reader a greater understanding of the game, the aspects of its production, and how much was really done to make the game as good as it could be.
"All Because" Framed! (Photos a lot) - Hello friends, suddenly the weather here has been fine and very warm nowadays, it's so nice to go outside, but unfortunately it started raining from this e...
Welcome - Hi everyone! This is my blog about my two passions - gardening and making unique handmade things in decoupage technique. They have quite a lot in common - ...
Celebrate the importance of graphic reading materials at the library on Free Comic Book Day! We’ll have a wide selection of free comic books for patrons to browse and take home. You can also create your own! We’ll have supplies to get you started.
Comics available for all age groups. Supplies limited and available on a first-come first serve basis.
Meet Miss Renee and her pet therapy dog Cash, and enjoy his quiet companionship while you read him a book
Hey im new to modding and i was wondering if anyone can help me out because im trying to mod my 360 controller with the ABXY lights and i cant figure out if it will work or not because of the amount of voltage that the batteries supply ANY help at all would Greatly be apreciated.
Yes you can add LEDs to the ABXY buttons. With the voltage supplied though you will have to find low foward voltage LEDs and use them. Blue will be the toughest for you to find. I have used blue 0603 surface mount LED's. The easiest way is to use all white. If you use all 4 colors you will need a separate resistor for each LED with a different forward foltage. I have added a coin cell 3v battery and resisted down from the 6v in a few I have done but thats fully optional. If you know how to resist leds properly you will have no problem at all. An easy way is to get the 4 leds first and try hooking them up to 2 AA batteries. If only certain ones light up you know you will need to resist them ones down. If you need any extra help let me know and I will try an give you a hand. I have done more than a couple of these.
You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near 'and C.com_id = B.common_id and C.book_id = A.bib_id' at line 1
This was Vassula's second visit to Kenya and we all imagined that it would be therefore that much easier than the last time to organise. As things turned out this was a wishful thought and we encountered more snags than we anticipated but then with only a few days to go, we got the final approval of a programme which necessitated a few amendments and additions to our earlier proposals, and miraculously all doors opened!
So in a hopeful mood on Friday 7th April 2000 we set off to the airport with a big bunch of red roses to welcome our guest. I had been biting my fingernails in nervousness as out of the eight cartons of books expected, only one containing 35 books had materialised! I could not see how we could admit this to Vassula so you can imagine my relief when Vassula told us a few minutes after greetings had been exchanged that she was carrying many books in her luggage! 146 in total. We escorted Vassula and her companion Isabelle Gay to the Windsor Golf and Country Club and left them in the capable hands of their Senior Managers.
Saturday 8th April was a day of private prayer and recollection for Vassula and Isabelle to recoup their physical and spiritual strength in the beautifully manicured grounds of the Country Club as the guests of the owners.
Sunday was an early start as Vassula had a meeting with the new auxiliary Bishop of the Catholic Archdiocese of Nairobi, Bishop David Kamau, at 8 a.m. at the Holy Family Minor Basilica. The meeting was most cordial as Vassula explained her mission to him and said that it was at the express wish of the Vatican that she was to contact the hierarchy of each area of jurisdiction that she visits. The Bishop said on his part that the Church has no quarrel with anyone who draws people closer to Christ but that the Church is very concerned about safeguarding the faithful from error. He reported that in Nairobi Archidiocese some have been ensnared by the efforts of the Little Pebble (from Australia) and that is why the Church is always very careful with visitors from overseas.
Vassula told him how her messages started and of the testimonies over the years from nuns and priests whose religious life has been deepened as a result of reading these heavenly messages. She also said that several well known Catholic Theologians had examined her work and written very positive commentaries on it. She then passed over several booklets with extracts of messages to the Bishop who received them graciously and said that on her next visit he would like her to meet the Archbishop who was at that time unavailble as he was on retreat.
From the Basilica the party left for St. Mark's Coptic Orthodox Church where Vassula attended the Sunday Liturgy (Mass) from 9- 11 a.m. Then she was invited by Father Moses to address the entire congregation consisting of Kenyan and Egyptian Copts. During her previous visit she had had a private meeting with some members of the Church so they were familiar with her work and Father Moses had just returned from Israel where he had attended the TLIG World Conference. Naturally the congregation was touched by the fact that Vassula had been born in Egypt and said she should say she was an Egyptian and not Greek!!
Unfortunately the meeting with the Bishop had to be cancelled as there had been a death the previous evening which necessitated his travelling out of Nairobi for the funeral unexpectedly. However, Vassula was accompanied to Church by Mrs. Aidah the priest's wife and then driven shortly afterwards to Kilimani Primary School for the Main Meeting.
We were forced by circumstances beyond our control to change, almost at the last minute, our initial plan of booking the Kenya Polytechnic in the Centre of Town to Kilimani Primary School in the suburbs and although the halls were approximately the same size were anxious in case due to location the meeting would not be well attended, so we were very relieved when we saw one hour before the meeting was due to start, people from all walks of life including sisters, religious, and priests streaming into the hall in order to be well seated! We had difficulty in setting up the bookstand as people came anxious to buy, even before the stall was set up! The young ladies who manned the stall did an excellent job and sold out all the books in a very short time. They also took names of those interested in getting more books and/or joining the two prayer groups which meet weekly on a Friday night or Saturday morning. The meeting started with prayers, hymns and a very well recited rosary led by one of the sisters.
At 3 p.m. punctually Vassula arrived and was greeted by a very enthusiastic audience. She acknowledged the presence of Mrs. Anne Wambaa, the wife of Mr. Larry Wambaa who arranged Vassula's last visit and who this time, even though in America did so much to encouraged us by e- mail and even found a donor to assist with Vassula's ticket. Vassula asked the crowd how many had attended her talk last year and we were gratified to learn that of the audience two thirds were new to Vassula's messages. The audience were very attentive and listened to Vassula's message in rapt silence. There were no hecklers. The atmosphere was peaceful and reverent - no doubt the after effects of the Rosary that had been recited with such devotion ealier!
During her talk Vassula mentioned that her recent messages are about the true value of the cross and that our Lord is complaining that many of us tell Him we wish to share His cross but that as soon as He obliges us we run from here to there asking our friends to pray for us that the cross may be removed! This struck many people in the audience including myself and one lady came after the meeting to give testimony that she felt the words had been specially meant for her. At the end of her talk Vassula prayed for healing with the assistance of two priests who were present. Many more touched by her words and one lady gave witness that when Vassula opened her hands on two different occasions she saw dark brown stains in the centre of the palms. The meeting ended at 5.15 p.m. and many stayed on to ask questions about books or prayer groups. Vassula and Isabelle spent the night at the Country Club.
Monday 10th april was another hectic day. At 8.30 Vassula, Isabelle and some of the organisers were at the All Africa Council of Churches (AACC) buildings on Waiyake Way for the Monday morning Praise and Worship with the staff. This is an umbrella organisation of the Protestant Churches in Africa but the Greek orthodox and Coptic Orthodox Churches are also members. It is affiliated to the World Council of Churches and is only one of 5 such headquarters in Africa. It has clergy from all over Africa. The morning devotions were led by Mitch Odero who is in charge of the Public Relations desk. Then a young Pastor by the name of Paul Okach spoke most eloquently about the theme of "The day of your visitation" linking it to the work we do in our offices and to the fact that Christ is present in each person we deal with. Then Vassula was introducted and she replied to Mitch's pleading in prayer about the manifold problems of Africa. She said the problems were not hopeless but we had hope in Jesus in a True-Life-With-God. She said that since exterior conditions always mirror our internal condition that we must start individually with changing our own hearts - then change for the better would come.
She then enlightened the Prayer group on the Holy Spirit, the most forgotten person of the Blessed Trinity, and read a little from her messages on the Holy Spirit. The people assembled were most touched. Vassula also said that she recognised the Spirit of God in Paul when he was preaching. There was a great spirit of fraternal sharing which extended to tea afterwards and Mitch invited Vassula for an interview later on for the organisation's magazines and other publications which go out all over Africa.
From here Vassula was taken to meet the Moderator (Head) of the Presbyterian Church of East Africa Rev. Wanjau and his response was very positive. Then to the Holy Family Minor Basilica for 1.15 p.m. Mass followed by lunch nearby and a short walk to the studios of K.T.N. (Kenya Television Network) for a recording of a 20 minute programme "A Moment with God" which was aired on the following Sunday. Vassula spoke very fluently, spontaneously and touchingly on how to be in the will of God and the need for self-emptying to be invaded by the Holy Spirit. Then back to the AACC for an interview which had to be postponed until the following morning and a visit to Father Quinn of Ukweli Videos. Father runs a professional video studio under the aegis of the Archdiocese of Nairobi. He uses the video medium to disseminate the Word of God as many Kenyans are not good readers and also as a response to Christian demands for programmes on T.V. that will counter the airwaves of immorality and godlessnes put out generally by secular TV stations. He also prepares and teaches evangelists to go out in teams all over the country to spread the Word of God.
We had contracted him to put out a professional video of Vassula's Main Meeting which will be available from the Good Shepherd Bookshop in the Mall Westlands Nairobi or from us direct. Contact Mary.Ngatuni@unon.org for details. After this Vassula and Isabelle were whisked away to the Country Club to freshen up before being taken to the Residence of Miss Emma Muraya for a delightful dinner with family and the organisers which gave us a chance of a closer contact with Vassula and Isabelle. Then back to the Country Club for the night.
Tuesday 11th was Vassula's last day with us and after a breakfast with her host and hostess she was taken to AACC for the long awaited interview with Mitch. He was very keen in his questions and we expect to see several articles in due course. Then to Riruta for the meeting with the Greek Orhodox Metropolitans in the Seminary - unfortunately this misfired as time was not on our side so it was postponed in order to be on time for the meeting with Rev. Peter Njoka the Vicar General of the Anglican Church or CPK as it is known here. This was the sting in the tail of what otherwise had been a 100% successful visit. The Rev. Njoka believes apparently that unless something is written in the Bible it cannot possiblly be true and has no use for messages from heaven! He was most firm in his protestations of the futility of continuing the meeting with Vassula. Then with this unpleasant taste in our mouths we drove to the airport to bid Vassula and Isabelle a sad farewell - enlivened a little by a last coffee together and the presentation of two bouquets of flowers to Vassula and one to Isabelle.
Summary of what the Foundation for True Life in God is all about, the reason for its creation, the mission it has been entrusted with and formalities of importance
Inspiration For Other Rooms - This is the latest information about Inspiration For Other Rooms, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
Inspiration For Other Rooms. Here are a number of highest rated Inspiration For Other Rooms pictures upon internet. We identified it from reliable source. Its submitted by dealing out in the best field. We recognize this kind of Inspiration For Other Rooms graphic could possibly be the most trending subject bearing in mind we portion it in google improvement or facebook.
Interior, Modern Living Room Fireplace was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Modern Living Room Fireplace has viewed by 39906 visitor.
Interior, Floor Plans Boston College was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Floor Plans Boston College has viewed by 82194 visitor.
Interior, Bathroom Decoration Pieces was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Bathroom Decoration Pieces has viewed by 65575 visitor.
Interior, Outdoor Holiday Decorations was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Outdoor Holiday Decorations has viewed by 60515 visitor.
Interior, Drawing Room Design Pictures was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Drawing Room Design Pictures has viewed by 53954 visitor.
Interior, Beautiful Home Decor Ideas was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Beautiful Home Decor Ideas has viewed by 76694 visitor.
Interior, Front Side Of House Photos was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Front Side Of House Photos has viewed by 34904 visitor.
Interior, Garden Ideas For Small Spaces was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Garden Ideas For Small Spaces has viewed by 55715 visitor.
Interior, Kitchen Feature Wall Ideas was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Kitchen Feature Wall Ideas has viewed by 76700 visitor.
Interior, Modern Garden Design Ideas was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Modern Garden Design Ideas has viewed by 70833 visitor.
Since 1985 Thomas Bennett Signs have been a established as a market leading sign and display solutions provider in the Middle East and Gulf Region with a comprehensive range of services for corporate signage and branding programs.
With strong customer focus and dedicated commitment to quality they have developed many long term client partnerships. The experienced team has more than 300 years of combined expertise in sign making and installation, operating as far afield as Europe, Asia and providing services for many prestigious businesses throughout the U.A.E.
Operating from a 10,500 square meter premises located in Dubai Investment Park, Thomas Bennett Signs maintain their reputation as being the preferred supplier for major blue chip corporations, main contractors, architects and designers.
Vertically integrated within the Thomas Bennett Group of Companies they have a complete in-house facility at the disposal of their clients. Thomas Bennett Signs can manufacture, install and maintain bespoke signs for every industry sector without exception including;
Techniques and resources have evolved in response to the changing demands and challenges of the Middle East markets. Traditional materials such as timber, varnish and gold leaf, although still extensively used, have been outpaced by advanced technologies.
The team at Thomas Bennett Signs are justly proud of the skill and care of their people, be they calligraphy, complex glass forming, the safe application of stringent electrical standards or more familiar processes such as digital printing and silk screen or hand decorating.
These skills are the fruits of their craftsmanship and pleasure is taken in using them to produce for our clients the finest signs in the Middle East.
Thomas Bennett Signs do not just make signs; the company's professionals understand the impact that effective visual communication can have on the clients' bottom-line. From attracting customers in the world's finest hotel resorts and prime real estate to crowded high streets, enhancing the experience through effective site navigation, the experience and know-how of professional sign manufacturing and installation can translate design concepts into powerful business signals.
41 Luxury 12×12 Outdoor Rug that ll Brighten Your Space Outdoor from 9×11 outdoor rug , source:relianceoutdoorsupply.com
leather hair hide rugs are made by stitching panels of authentic rugs area rug 8 x 10 25 best rugs...
contemporary flat weave rugs grey yellow area rug 34 best grey and yellow area rug your rug questions answered urbanara...
Take a look at this Dark Chocolate Medaglia Rug by Mohawk Home on from mohawk home forest suzani rug , source:pinterest.com
One month after the southern victory at Chancellorsville in May 1863, the United States War Department informed the governors of northern states that Lee's massive army had moved into the Shenandoah Valley, obviously intent on a northern raid. Pennsylvania Governor Andrew Curtin was rightly concerned over the threat. In early June, the War Department divided his state into two military departments and appointed military commanders for both. The "Department of the Susquehanna" (the eastern department), was placed under the command of General Darius Couch, a veteran officer from the Army of the Potomac. General Couch only had a handful of troops and equipment at his disposal and used his authority to issue orders for volunteers to immediately enlist for the state's defense. Governor Curtin followed with a proclamation on June 12th asking for able bodied men to volunteer for military service in "emergency" militia regiments. Three days later, President Lincoln called for 100,000 men from Pennsylvania, Ohio, Maryland and West Virginia to serve for a period of six months or as long as necessary during the emergency.
Pennsylvania was asked to provide half of the president's quota and by mid-July the commonwealth had raised nearly forty regiments of militia (most were under strengthened) and all were unprepared to be soldiers. Additional time was necessary to gather these newly organized regiments into one location and be placed where they could do some good. As individual companies of 80 to 100 men slowly filtered into Camp Curtin in Harrisburg, they were immediately put to work building fortifications around the city. Barely two weeks later, some of these first "emergency troops" from Pennsylvania and New York experienced combat in June when a mounted Confederate force under General Albert Jenkins raided Chambersburg, Carlisle, Mechanicsburg and threatened Harrisburg. Two skirmishes near Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, which lies on the Susquehanna River opposite Harrisburg, slowed Jenkins' advance while the newly constructed earthworks and fort could be manned.
The 26th Pennsylvania Emergency Militia was the only organized emergency regiment to see battle in the Gettysburg area, which occurred on June 26. General Jubal Early's troops were marching from the Cashtown area toward Gettysburg when his cavalry force, the 35th Virginia Battalion, stumbled upon the green Pennsylvania troops that had been marched out of Gettysburg to stop the southern advance. The 26th's commander, Colonel William Jennings, knew that his men were without training and could not stand up against any veteran force, so he ordered an orderly withdrawal that soon became a rout. The undisciplined troops turned into a mob, clogging the narrow road as they fled with the 35th Virginia hot on their heels- nabbing over 175 officers and men as prisoners of war. Another force scattered a handful of new militiamen in Gettysburg and killed Private George Sandoe of the 21st Pennsylvania Emergency Cavalry as he tried to escape. The poor showing of these untried troops only added confidence to the Confederates who continued the march with little or no additional harassment.
It was not until the Battle of Gettysburg had ended when the majority of the emergency regiments in Pennsylvania were finally organized and mustered into service. Most of these regiments were sent to guard railroads, bridges and fords over major rivers, and to protect state and Federal property located throughout Pennsylvania. Two regiments of militia were sent to Adams County after the battle to help with the recovery process. Colonel H. C. Alleman, commanding the 36th Pennsylvania Emergency Militia, was appointed Military Governor of the district that embraced the battlefield area and all of the hospital sites in the county. They were soon joined by the 51st Pennsylvania Emergency Militia, under Colonel Oliver Hopkinson, which camped on East Cemetery Hill. Soldiers were divided into details and given daily assignments including the priority of recovering government property. Soldiers scoured the fields and farms for abandoned equipment. They even entered private homes because many civilians had taken military equipment from the battlefield as souvenirs. Before the 36th regiment left Gettysburg on August 8, Colonel Alleman reported that his troops collected "Twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-four muskets, nine thousand two hundred and fifty bayonets, one thousands five hundred cartridge boxes, two hundred and four sabres, fourteen thousands rounds of small arms ammunition, twenty six artillery wheels, seven hundred and two blankets, forty wagon loads of clothing, sixty saddles, sixty bridles, five wagons, five hundred and ten horses and mules, and six wagon loads of knapsacks and haversacks." All of the gathered stores were transported to the Washington Arsenal for repair and cleaning.
The militia also supervised the removal of wounded to Camp Letterman and then to permanent hospitals via the railroad. 12,061 wounded Union soldiers were sent from field hospitals to hospitals in Baltimore, Philadelphia, Harrisburg, and other northern cities. 6,197 Confederate prisoners were also sent to northern hospitals before transfer to prisoner of war camps. Additionally, 1,637 "stragglers" were also detained and sent to military authorities for return to the army.
Though it was two great armies that fought and decided the Battle of Gettysburg, it was the Emergency Troops that restored order to the state. See also Pennsylvania Civil War History.
Recommended Reading: Damn Dutch: Pennsylvania Germans at Gettysburg, by David L. Valuska (Author), Christian B. Keller (Author), Don Yoder (Foreword), Scott Hartwig (Contributor), Martin Oefele (Contributor) (Hardcover). Review: This is the first work to highlight the contributions of regiments of the Pennsylvania Dutch and the post 1820 immigrant Germans at the Battle of Gettysburg. On the first day, the 1st Corps, in which many of the Pennsylvania Dutch regiments served, and the half-German 11th Corps, which was composed of five regiments of either variety, bought, with their blood, enough time for the federals to adequately prepare the high ground, which proved critical in the end for the Union victory. On the second day, they participated in beating back Confederate attacks that threatened to crack the Union defenses on Cemetery Hill and in other strategic locations. Continued below...
About the Authors: David L. Valuska is Freyberger professor of Pennsylvania German studies at Kutztown University and executive director of the Pennsylvania German Cultural Heritage Center. Christian B. Keller is assistant professor of American history at Dickinson College. Scott Hartwig has been an interpretive park ranger at Gettysburg National Military Park since 1980. Martin Oefele is a former professor of American history at the University of Munich.
Recommended Reading: The Cavalry at Gettysburg: A Tactical Study of Mounted Operations during the Civil War's Pivotal Campaign, 9 June-14 July 1863. Description: For cavalry and/or Gettysburg enthusiasts, this book is a must; for other Civil War buffs, it possesses the qualities sought by students of the conflict. It bristles with analysis, details, judgements, personality profiles, and evaluations and combat descriptions, even down to the squadron and company levels. The mounted operations of the campaign from organizational, strategic, and tactical viewpoints are examined thoroughly. Continued below...
The author's graphic recountings of the Virginia fights at Brandy Station, Aldie, Middleburg, and Upperville, the Pennsylvania encounters at Hanover, Hunterstown, Gettysburg, and Fairfield, and finally the retreat to Virginia, are the finest this reviewer has read under a single cover. For those who enjoy the thunder of hoofbeats, the clang of sabers, and the crack of pistols and carbines, this book has all of it. Generals and privates share the pages, as the mounted opponents parry and thrust across hundreds of miles of territory from June 9 to July 14, 1863.
Recommended Reading: Lincoln's Cavalrymen: A History of the Mounted Forces of the Army of the Potomac, 1861-1865 (Hardcover). Description: Well known in Civil War circles, author Longacre (The Cavalry at Gettysburg, etc.) has written a major work on the Union cavalry of the North's primary field army in Virginia. Having mined more than 300 manuscript collections as well as numerous primary sources and secondary studies, Longacre has crafted a carefully written, well-researched tome. From the beginning of the war to Appomattox Court House, he examines the Regular Army's prewar mounted troops, then follows the genesis of the volunteer cavalry, a process that was painfully slow, especially given 1861 predictions that put the war's duration at three months. Continued below...
A perceptive chapter on arms, mounts, equipment and drill provides a fresh look at the problems inherent in raising and equipping volunteers on horseback. Included are capsule biographies and critical assessments of the cavalry's leaders, men like George Stoneman, John Buford, Alfred Pleasonton, George A. Custer and Phil Sheridan. Throughout, the author details the skirmishes, battles and raids conducted by Union cavalry without quite resorting to blow-by-blows. The focus is rather on the cavalry's role in the broader context of the war in the east and its many campaigns. Within this framework, Longacre succeeds brilliantly in showing us a crucial, much-tested force and he includes numerous photos and maps.
Recommended Reading: General Lee's Army: From Victory to Collapse. Review: You cannot say that University of North Carolina professor Glatthaar (Partners in Command) did not do his homework in this massive examination of the Civil War–era lives of the men in Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. Glatthaar spent nearly 20 years examining and ordering primary source material to ferret out why Lee's men fought, how they lived during the war, how they came close to winning, and why they lost. Glatthaar marshals convincing evidence to challenge the often-expressed notion that the war in the South was a rich man's war and a poor man's fight and that support for slavery was concentrated among the Southern upper class. Continued below...
Lee's army included the rich, poor and middle-class, according to the author, who contends that there was broad support for the war in all economic strata of Confederate society. He also challenges the myth that because Union forces outnumbered and materially outmatched the Confederates, the rebel cause was lost, and articulates Lee and his army's acumen and achievements in the face of this overwhelming opposition. This well-written work provides much food for thought for all Civil War buffs.
Recommended Reading: Last Chance For Victory: Robert E. Lee And The Gettysburg Campaign. Description: Long after nearly fifty thousand soldiers shed their blood there, serious misunderstandings persist about Robert E. Lee's generalship at Gettysburg. What were Lee's choices before, during, and after the battle? What did he know that caused him to act as he did? Last Chance for Victory addresses these issues by studying Lee's decisions and the military intelligence he possessed when each was made.
Packed with new information and original research, Last Chance for Victory draws alarming conclusions to complex issues with precision and clarity. Readers will never look at Robert E. Lee and Gettysburg the same way again.
Recommended Reading: The Gettysburg Companion: A Guide to the Most Famous Battle of the Civil War (Hardcover). Description: There have been many books about Gettysburg, but never one to rival this in scale or authority. Based on extensive research, The Gettysburg Companion describes the battle in detail, drawing on firsthand accounts of participants on all sides in order to give the reader a vivid sense of what it was like to experience the carnage at Gettysburg in early July 1863. The many full-color maps--all specially commissioned for the book--and the numerous photographs, charts, and diagrams make this book a feast for the eyes and a collector's dream. Includes a massive library of 500 color illustrations.
Recommended Reading: Hallowed Ground: A Walk at Gettysburg, by James M. Mcpherson (Crown Journeys) (Hardcover). Review From Publishers Weekly: The country's most distinguished Civil War historian, a Pulitzer Prize winner (for Battle Cry of Freedom) and professor at Princeton, offers this compact and incisive study of the Battle of Gettysburg. In narrating "the largest battle ever fought in the Western Hemisphere," McPherson walks readers over its presently hallowed ground, with monuments numbering into the hundreds, many of which work to structure the narrative. They range from the equestrian monument to Union general John Reynolds to Amos Humiston, a New Yorker identified several months after the battle when family daguerreotypes found on his body were recognized by his widow. Indeed, while McPherson does the expected fine job of narrating the battle, in a manner suitable for the almost complete tyro in military history, he also skillfully hands out kudos and criticism each time he comes to a memorial. Continued below...
He praises Joshua Chamberlain and the 20th Maine, but also the 140th New York and its colonel, who died leading his regiment on the other Union flank in an equally desperate action. The cover is effective and moving: the quiet clean battlefield park above, the strewn bodies below. The author's knack for knocking myths on the head without jargon or insult is on display throughout: he gently points out that North Carolinians think that their General Pettigrew ought to share credit for Pickett's charge; that General Lee's possible illness is no excuse for the butchery that charge led to; that African-Americans were left out of the veterans' reunions; and that the kidnapping of African-Americans by the Confederates has been excised from most history books.
Recommended Reading: The History Buff's Guide to Gettysburg (Key People, Places, and Events) (Key People, Places, and Events). Description: While most history books are dry monologues of people, places, events and dates, The History Buff's Guide is ingeniously written and full of not only first-person accounts but crafty prose. For example, in introducing the major commanders, the authors basically call Confederate Lt. Gen. Richard S. Ewell a chicken literally. 'Bald, bug-eyed, beak-nosed Dick Stoddard Ewell had all the aesthetic charm of a flightless foul.' To balance things back out a few pages later, they say federal Maj. Gen. George Gordon Meade looked like a 'brooding gargoyle with an intense cold stare, an image in perfect step with his nature.' Continued below...
Although it's called a guide to Gettysburg, in my opinion, it's an authoritative guide to the Civil War. Any history buff or Civil War enthusiast or even that casual reader should pick it up.
Co-management and administration of the department’s Ubuntu/Fedora servers and Fedora workstations as well as support for Mac and Windows workstations. Management and maintenance of the department’s printers. Monitoring of the network for purposes of security, performance, and troubleshooting. Create and maintain technical documentation for our network and server environment. Make documentation for end-users available through our website and also through manuals in the computer labs. Provide end-users with a high standard of customer service and support, assisting with all aspects of their computer needs. In the event of an emergency, to act as backup for consulting systems coordinators. Administer the department’s Applied Mathematics Computational Laboratory, including seven servers running Fedora and various parallel computational technologies. Support a Linux cluster and computational servers.
Managed student employees in a help desk environment. Implemented web based documentation system. Used change management system Rdist and implemented a cloud-based (EC2) change management system using Puppet. Deployed and managed Ubuntu desktops and servers. Implemented a Windows deployment strategy. Software patch strategy and implementation for Windows and Linux. Network and firewall troubleshooting and monitoring. Implemented OpenVPN solution for remote access. Implemented OpenVAS for vulnerability testing, OSSEC for HIDS, Snort NIDS on Security Onion Linux distribution, netflow server using Ntop. Simple penetration testing with Metasploit on Kali Linux. Strong verbal skills, mentoring and team building abilities.
Contracted part-time for various startups providing IT strategy and support. Desktop management, security solutions, network solutions and general troubleshooting.
Developed a Ruby On Rails application for a sports team management startup. Started hosting on Engine Yard, then moved to Heroku and S3.
Responsible for development efforts and coding the front-end on various Web projects. Scripted and programmed in HTML, Javascript, Perl and Java (Servlets). Assisted account management team on technical solutions to provide for clients.
Administrator for the College of Computer Science. Responsible for day-to-day operations for a multi-segmented TCP/IP network of over 400 nodes. Analyzed and monitored network traffic. Performed various Unix systems administration tasks in a team environment, including network software configuration, creating user accounts, system performance monitoring and tuning, hardware configuration, operating system installs. Developed Perl programs to automate router and switch administration via SNMP.
Member of the UMass Boston Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition (CCDC) 2012 team. The CCDC is a system is to provide institutions with an information assurance or computer security curriculum a controlled, competitive environment to assess their student’s depth of understanding and operational competency in managing the challenges inherent in protecting a corporate network infrastructure and business information systems.
Assistant coach for the UMass Boston Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition (CCDC) 2014 team. Mentored students learning how to secure servers and troubleshooting steps and techniques.
In a previous post, we pointed out that prices in Toronto's real estate seem to be ever more correlated with good public school districts. Thats not too surprising - private schools command a hefty after tax dollar. Where do public schools fit in the drive to securing a great education for our kids? All schools are different, but one of the biggest advantages private schools have over public schools are their additional facilities and curricular activities. Public schools don't have the resources or expertise necessary to have facilities like robotics labs. Icewire Makerspace (1560 Bayview Ave) is a family run robotics lab that your kids will love. It's a fun, challenging, and creative way to engage your kids with tomorrow's technology. On a recent school trip, my kid's class learned how to program robots to perform basic tasks, find routes around obstacles, and even make music! There's a 4 player Pong game (made out of LEDs and the same computers that the kids will work on), and the kids can build a full 3 dimensional bust of themselves using a 3D scanner and printer.
Why are robotics important?According to the Globe and Mail 'A recent study from the Boston Consulting Group shows that investment in industrial robots will grow 10 per cent per year in the world’s 25-biggest export nations through 2025 – overshadowing the current growth of two to three per cent.' We went on a tour of a few of the mid-town private schools, and the 'Robotics lab' sign was never far from the entrance.
I am a self-professed geek. Prior to real estate, I co-founded and ran an IT consulting firm that eventually employed over 70 consultants and had 3 of the big 5 banks as clients, along with the Ontario Government and several other notable clients. I guess it's no surprise that I really enjoyed Icewire. The great part is...your kids can too! The owners are the instructors...they were great with the kids, and really captured their creativity and imagination. Go check it out...definitely worth the trip.
You are currently viewing our boards as a guest which gives you limited access to view most discussions and access our other features.
Only registered members may post questions, contact other members or you may search our database posts.
If you have any problems with the registration process or your account login, please contact contact us .
Nokia Hardware & Hardware-Repair Area all what you need for Hardware Repairing for Nokia Phones. Before writing any thread here try to check the Frequently Asked Questions Section.
in the plugins.xml at the last position, maybe that already helps. Because other plugins can override any <custom_ui> settings from records_eyepiece.xml if they are started behind Records-Eyepiece.
With the last version of TM2, you must change the code to the line 16756 (or 16374 depend of version) for the score in team mode
Since the Maniaplanet 3.0 RC1 update from 2014-07-03 the style "Bgs1/BgEmpty" is not empty anymore, it's blue now (see here my report).
Maverick00 wrote: With the last version of TM2, you must change the code to the line 16756 (or 16374 depend of version) for the score in team mode
Normally it shouldnt be possible, that one player can get multiple times in one table. thats what the "unique" mysql key is ment for but xaseco doesnt use it
or it is am eyepiece problem. you can also enter /top100 into the chat. if that puts out also s wrong result, its a xaseco problem
it didnt work... so i think its something with xaseco2 reload with every mapchange so where is the file to change the xaseco2 reload at the begining of the map? every mapchange there are 120 ranks more in the serverranks.
I am having a strange issue that I hope someone can assist me with. I am running TM2-Canyon on a Ubuntu Linux box. I have XASECO2 103 installed, and have added the Records-Eyepiece 1.0.9.9 added.
When I start the server, Everything comes up clean and looks good. I then start XASECO2 using the shell command and it completes with no errors in the logfile.txt. It completes with the connection to the database, connection to Dedimania and everything looks good.
This is where things get a bit strange. I connect into my server and I don't see any of the items running. I thought this was strange so I went and checked the logs and it is detecting me connecting to the server. I then run the command again to start XASECO2, and only then do the displays come up. However they don't seem to be working, they never update for times, laps, checkpoints, etc.
I also found that it only seems to apply to those that are logged in. I had a friend connect and he didn't see anything, but then I ran the shell command again and then he saw the windows. They were not working, just like I was seeing.
The Chronicle of Philanthropy is an online companion to the national biweekly newspaper that provides extensive information about grantmakers, directory and a listing of publications.
For accessibility accommodation requests including alternate digital formats, captioning, ASL, and assistive technologies please contact Kim Johnson, Director of Arts Access, 615-532-9797.
GAIBANDHA, July 11 (UNB): An elderly woman was reportedly beaten to death allegedly by her daughter-in-law at Bamondanga Dakuatari in Sundarganj upazila early Wednesday.
Abdus Sobhan, officer-in-charge of Sundarganj Police Station, said Maksuda picked up a quarrel with his daughter-in-law Sharifa Begum over a trifling matter around 12 am.
She was taken to Rangpur Medical College Hospital where the doctors declared her dead in the dead of night.
Today with extremely alive ontogenesis science and technology , role perform | knowledge stock} and information. It is doctrine that lays in human knowledge bag and information.
is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly compatible singles. eharmony's matching is based on using its 29 DIMENSIONS® model to match couples based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships.
Athlete. Born on May 2, 1975, in Leytonstone, Greater London, UK. A midfield player, he joined Manchester United in 1993, and the England team in 1996. He was a member of the 1998 World Cup team and the Euro 2000 squad, and was made captain in the lead-up to the 2002 World Cup. By June 2003 he had won 61 caps for his country. His many honors with United include the treble of FA Cup, Premier League Championship, and European Cup in the 1998-9 season, the first British side to achieve this feat.
Beckham signed for Real Madrid at the start of the 2003-4 season. Amid much media interest, Beckham signed with the L.A. Galaxy in 2007 for a league high base salary of $5.5 million with additional funding coming in the way of endorsement deals, profit-sharing and marketing opportunities. In 2001 he was voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year.
He married Victoria Adams (“Posh Spice” from the pop group Spice Girls) in 1999. The couple has three boys, Brooklyn, Romeo and Cruz.
Overview One of Cobalt Strike’s most valuable features is its ability to modify the behavior of the Beacon payload. By changing various defaults within the framework, an operator can modify…
Introduction Designing, deploying, and managing a comprehensive security program is not an easy task. There are pressures from every direction, including customers, compliance, management, peers, budget, public opinion, and news….
The following information was composed by Andrew Chiles (@andrewchiles), Joe Vest (@joevest) and myself (@minis_io) for quick and easy reference. Much of it was pulled together from a variety of…
Full disclosure: This post is heavy on text. Much of the content is very broad and uses simplified examples. There are literally thousands of extremely cool and interesting ways to…
HostEnum (formerly Invoke-HostEnum) has received some much needed attention in recent weeks and a new version is now available on the ThreatExpress Github (formerly https://www.github.com/minisllc). I’ve renamed the tool to…
Overview A twitter post by Casey Smith (@subtee) inspired me to update a tool written by Andrew Chiles (@andrewchiles) and I a few years ago. During a Red Team engagement, it…
This post is intended as a quick reference guide to install Bloodhound on an Ubuntu system. This is heavily based on https://popped.io/setting-up-bloodhound-on-debian-jessie/ with a few tweaks. Install Ubuntu Install Ubuntu as…
Overview This post is intended as a follow-on to Jeff Dimmock’s detailed write-up on creating communication profiles for Empire. Empire 1.6’s “DefaultProfile” setting for modifying C2 indicators doesn’t directly allow…
Overview During a Red Team engagement, performing detailed Situational Awareness (SA) or enumeration on initial and subsequent host compromises is vital. Every good pen-tester or red teamer has their list of go-to…
The face-off has become a specialized position in the game of lacrosse. Face-off success directly translates into more possessions for your team, which has a significant impact on the outcome of the game. To ensure success, coaches need to have an understanding of the techniques and the strategies in order to assist their players to both improve, as well as make adjustments on the fly in game situations.
This compilation of the best face-off drills from the Championship Productions library features many of the top coaching and program names in lacrosse and addresses every aspect of the face-off game. You'll see drills that cover stance and grip, warm-ups, moves, and counter moves to hone your face-off players' skills.
First, you'll see the fundamental stance, grip, and clamp techniques from Will Scudder and Kevin Donahue. These pointers will help your athletes generate force and leverage in a face-off. Donahue details a series of clamps and jams, including the Plunger Clamp, Handle Jam, Pinch Clamp, and Laser Sweep.
Once your players have mastered the basics, it's time to get them reps that mimic game situations. You'll get competitive drills that pit teammates against one another, as well as exercises that can be done solo. Included are the best practices for not only winning the draw, but also maintaining possession with drills that focus on boxing out, ground balls under pressure, and proper exit techniques.
Face-offs should be near the top of your priority list as a coach because they can often directly influence the outcome of a game. Get all you need to help your players master the face-off in this jam-packed instructional video!
There is no question that psychology plays a crucial role in sports performance. How many football games have you seen where the pressure of a clutch situation causes a player to make a poor decision and make you say to yourself "What on earth was that guy thinking?" Players from basketball recreation leagues all the way to the professionals often make poor choices that they wouldn't normally make under relaxed circumstances.
Arguably one of the most influential factors that may cause a player to act irrationally is the atmosphere created by the noise of the crowd.Dealing with a noisy crowd (both home and away) has proven to be a difficult task as a loud crowd may cause a number of issues to arise, which include difficulty for players to vocally orchestrate, or to recognize, verbal play calls.
The Football Crowd Noise Simulator Includes 23 Professional Sounds allowing for the perfect replication of a noisy football stadium.Each pad of the The Football Crowd Noise Simulator has a specific function that will mimic the sounds heard during common scenarios found in a high pressure football game.
Home Team Sounds - Crowd noise when the home team scores a touchdown, is attempting a field goal, intercepts the ball, fumbles the ball and sacks the opposing team.
Away Team Sounds - Crowd noise when the away team scores a touchdown, is attempting a field goal, intercepts the ball, fumbles the ball and sacks the opposing team.
Miscellaneous Sounds - Crowd cheers, ref whistle, crowd + band playing, crowd chanting "Defense - Defense", reacting to a big hit, booing, chanting a "5-4-3-2-1 countdown" and more.
All sounds can be overlapped and used together to create a free-flowing crowd atmosphere simulated by the user as they click the pads according to what is happening during the practice session. The Football Crowd Noise Simulator allows both players and coaching staff to take practice sessions to the next level.
For example, if you want to simulate a last second field goal attempt at an away game you can click "away FG ambience" to simulate the intensity of a roaring crowd, then hit "countdown" to replicate the play clock winding down. Finally click FG Make or FG Miss depending on the outcome of the kick.
The Football Crowd Noise Simulator is not limited to any age group or skill level as the benefits can be seen across a wide range of players. Both professionals and those just getting into the sport will often times have trouble focusing regardless of how long they have played the sport.
Canli Milf Porn Chat Malaysia Swinger Couples Meet a sex partner for a new threesome in your area. All sorts of swinger profiles for all swinger lifestyle categories: threesome, wife swapping, home swinger party. Is It Worth It To Pay For Online Dating Match.com has a reputation as a better place to search for long-term relationships than the more
Nov 16, 2014. Fur seals have been caught engaging in an extreme form of sexual behaviour. Specifically, trying to have sex with penguins.
Nov 24, 2016. Alefantis has received hundreds of death threats over the past couple of weeks, he told the New York Times this week, after Pizzagate enthusiasts decided that his restaurant was the secret headquarters of a child sex-trafficking ring run by Hillary Clinton and members of her inner circle. None of the wildly.
My name is Veronica Chaos, and I make my living performing hilariously horrifying sex acts with my dummy, Slappy, on the Internet.
Sep 11, 2017. People have revealed the things women to do indicate they're in the mood for sex in a hilarious thread on Reddit, including appearing beside them stark naked as they play video games.
Sex Stories Post is an adult community for authors and readers of sex stories, erotic fiction and sexual fantasies.
Jan 13, 2014. A Reddit user named OKCThrowaway22221 shared a pretty spectacular tale of his adventures in online dating while pretending to be a woman, and we. Then I got the NoStringsAtttached messages, with multiple guys sending me messages asking me to watch them cam, or meeting up with them within.
Horny webcam hot chick receive a huge spunk glazing after getting drilled roughly in doggie and reverse slung riding position
Housewife Seduces The Plumber Match Com Favorites Disappear But nothing can match the lost milkweed in the Midwest. But there’s concern that the epic mass migration to Mexico, a natural wonder, could disappear. The success of this transcontinental trip could depend on a critical mass of. Boost unlocks added features, such as seeing users who have already swiped right
Nov 29, 2016. "Sextortion" is a form of blackmail where victims are persuaded to take part in sexual acts in front of a webcam. The criminals then threaten to share video with the victims' friends and family, unless a sum of money is paid. New figures show that at least four suicides in the UK have been linked to this type of.
When my wife is on a 'girl's night' I'm pretty sure she's usually at her girlfriend's place having sex with her. That's what she claims anyway, and I trust her. Worship Satan, practice witchcraft and watch cat videos. A night filled with a violent barrage of drunken compliments. Naked pillow fights. They talk about the sex they have.
Jul 5, 2016. Reddit Spills On Which Reality TV Shows Are 100% Fake, Scripted Bullshit. Reddit. A Reddit thread is right now going berserk with insiders spilling the deets on which reality TV shows are real, and which are 100% faked. You know when you see them having sex under the covers, not happening.
Jun 7, 2016. Thousands of people have been sharing their 'sluttiest' stories on Reddit, from love bite contests to having sex with their boss in a car – and sleeping their way around the world.
Sep 14, 2014. My mom had a webcam, and a couple of years after the visits from the "uncles" she decided to take the "business" online. She'd go into chat rooms and talk me up, and that's how I got my work. The earliest webcam shows I remember were when I was around 6 years old, and they began to pick up after my.
Malaysia Swinger Couples Meet a sex partner for a new threesome in your area. All sorts of swinger profiles for all swinger lifestyle categories: threesome, wife swapping, home swinger party. Is It Worth It To Pay For Online Dating Match.com has a reputation as a better place to search for long-term relationships than the more hookup-friendly OkCupid, and
Nov 24, 2015. Numerous people online have claimed to have had sex with their guests. A thread on Reddit this summer invited people to talk about this very topic. The self- described Airbnb host who started the thread said his roommates had slept with two of their Airbnb guests. "Once after the guest had checked out, but.
Is It Worth It To Pay For Online Dating Match.com has a reputation as a better place to search for long-term relationships than the more hookup-friendly OkCupid, and science backs that reputation up: According to one study, Match.com and eHarmony produce the most marriages of any dating sites or apps. It's free to build a profile, but you have to pay to use the.
CAM monitors and records all essential PC stats including CPU / GPU temperatures, load usage over time, network speeds, storage space, FPS and much more.
Mar 7, 2001. The world famous coffee pot in the Trojan Room of the Computer Science Department of Cambridge University is to be chucked away as the department moves to new premises. The coffee pot holds a unique position in Internet history as it was the star of the first ever Webcam way back in 1993. The story.
18AndBusty is all about naturally busty teens with skinny waists and round asses. Enjoy our exclusive content of nude amateurs with natural big boobs.
I posted the movie clip of this Valory Irene scene yesterday – Valory Irene Ladys Room Spy Cam Movie – and today here are the pictures, which are good but I have.
Jul 26, 2016. Picture this: It's 2020 and Reddit is the third most downloaded app in Apple's App Store, rubbing shoulders with other behemoths like Snapchat and YouTube. Procter & Gamble just told shareholders it plans to spend $300 million to advertise on Reddit. And Reddit itself has more than one billion monthly.
Jul 27, 2015. I found Black Death after a link was posted on Reddit. "Apparently they're an organized crime. He said the UKHTC has seen similar sites, selling male and female slaves, sometimes with indications that the victims are being trafficked for sex work, on more open sites. Indeed, the trading of people online is.
Fabulous film of a hot cutie with her partner having sex in front of her cam and getting baby batter on her face in the end
Jan 9, 2018. It's disheartening how many women have to resort to 'please no sex pests' appendixs on their profile information. Verdict: Easy to navigate, simple and free to use, void of distracting gimmicks. And unlike Tinder, users tend to write a bit about themselves, meaning you have more to go on (and sell yourself.
Jul 31, 2017. YouTube comments and Reddit threads about ASMRtists reveals an assortment of harassment, body snark, and slut shaming.
Broken Up Relationship Quotes You are just going to break a lot of us down at. harder to get their classes to fill. Missing your significant other? Discover our fine selection of heartwarming long distance relationship quotes that will cheer you up. Sweet and innocent thoughts on relationship! Best collection of funny & cute relationships quotes and sayings. Long
The social news site Reddit has occasionally been the topic of controversy due to the presence of communities on the site (known as "subreddits") devoted to explicit or controversial material. Yishan Wong, the site's former CEO, has stated that "We stand for free speech. This means we are not going to ban distasteful.
This is just an example shown for the theme preview. You can add text widgets here to put whatever you'd like.
Israel’s Dirty Little Secret How it drives US policies exploiting a spineless Congress and White House By Philip Giraldi Global Research, June 21, 2017 The Unz Review 20 June 2017 Region: Middle East & North Africa, USA Theme: History, Law … Continued
Billions of Dollars’ Worth of Weapons Brought into Syria, “Arms Traffic Organized by CIA and Pentagon” Written By Thierry Meyssan Global Research, July 20, 2017 Voltairenet.org 18 July 2017 Region: Europe, Middle East & North Africa Theme: Intelligence, Militarization and … Continued
Tucked away in the top right hand corner of my Laptop’s desktop screen is Gary Webb’s picture. It shows him holding up a paper to the camera with the words “Crack plague’s roots are in Nicaraguan war”. This was the … Continued
Author Douglas Valentine, Published By Clarity Press I knew this book was out there somewhere. I didn’t know who the author would be or who the publisher would be but it had to exist. There is a copy on my … Continued
Excerpt from Ellen Hodgson Brown’s ‘The Web Of Debt‘ Introduction CAPTURED BY THE DEBT SPIDER President Andrew Jackson called the banking cartel a “hydra-headed monster eating the flesh of the common man.” New York Mayor John Hylan, writing in the … Continued
When is an organisation a gang? It depends on the legal jurisdiction you are in and what the word criminal means there. Organisation – A group of people with a common goal, a body of organised people Gang – A … Continued
Listed below are a few of the major commercial and civil activities carried out by the world’s great institutions and enterprises driving the progress humanity into the future. They are interconnected of course but it is not always clear how. … Continued
Democracy Vs Aristocracy The rule of the people Vs The rule of the elite The key to understanding the way the world is run begins and ends with this one fundamental struggle which has waxed and waned over thousands of … Continued
At the centre of a web of publications which are going to be appearing on this site is this great book. It walks you through his selection, training and grooming for the role of economic hit man. It … Continued
There are lots of good people in this world willing to speak out, tell the truth, send out the alarm and suffer the consequences. Some live their lives, some die before their time. Bless them all.
Foxy Dynamite is a 5-reel, 99-line online slot game with autoplay, crime, mystery and detective themes you can play at 3 online casinos.Also i think it would be fun to disguss investments, ones that work, and total scams to protect the innocent from.Best Forex Indicator DYNAMIC GAINS SYSTEM with FX Sniper - Voodoo Trading.
A forex news system trading forex news system t. Level. 0. Forex Strategy Secrets You need a Forex trading system if you want to become a serious trader.You need to see this literal piece of GOLD software that will radically change how you invest in the currency markets.
On the best of trading up, I rectified myself that I was convinced me something. Clerence Chee, Key Strength: Dynamite TNT Forex System and Profit in Pivot System (PIPS), which comprises of Retracement Market Method, Running Market Method and.
FX Trend Crusher is a revolutionary Forex Trading software system that uses an advanced and unique algorithm to literally rip pips out of the market. Australian finding job in usa Top 10 beach vacations in europe, australian finding job in usa, online typing jobs at home.Folks please go through the rules before posting, otherwise it seems you only want to get eyeballs for your.DONT SEND PAYMENT, WAIT CONFIRMATION, WEBSITE UNDER CONSTRUCTION. TANK YOU. forex dynamite. forex easy now. forex funnel. forex generator.This Forex Trading Course In Singapore is founded by a professional forex trader name Clarence Chee.
News headlines from around the world... Space Goat Productions. INDIAN FOREX DAILY REPORT. 10 June 2016 Our Presence Epic Research India.
All Kinds Of Forex Enhancement Software To Burst Your Success On Forex Trading Online.If the dollar is to play the role of a safe haven, the market must in fact need a harbor from a perceived threat. Measuring.
Forex market podcast to start your trading day. 5 days a week,.We, at ForexDynamite, value our relationship with each of our customers, and we appreciate the trust that you have placed in us.Redeeming as its underlying and has to logical more vs forex options available more.You have effectively lit the fuse on the dynamite and are standing there holding it to see if it will really.
You are going to watch Charlotte english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 35308 release.
If Charlotte video link does not load or keeps loading forever, please restart your browser and try again . It will 90% solve the problem. If not please send a broken link report below.
Very few adolescent boys and girls have an onset of special abilities. Yu Otosaka uses his ability unbeknownst to others in order to lead a satisfying school life. And then, a girl named Nao Tomori suddenly appears before him. Their encounter reveals the destiny for wielders of special abilities.
Dinozoom WordPress Themes is your complete free WordPress themes solution. You get high quality and professional WordPress themes that are easy to use, manage and customize. Our topics turn to see the world your great idea into a professionally designed, fully functional websites. Our themes are made visually interesting and easy for you to use and great solution for bakery, games, kindergarten, portfolio, personal, corporate, business, food blogger, medical clinic & health and other similar websites.
All of our themes are packed with easy to use theme options page where you can manage your website without the need to edit the code.
The Blob is a fritz mini-lure and works superbly when fished very fast but can also be used on different methods of retrieve. The pattern can be tied in a mass of colours from dark to very bright on the colour spectrum. The darker coloured fritz's are usually fished more slowly than the lighter coloured ones.
A new method for reservoirs and stillwaters is to fish the blob under a bung or large dry fly static and wait for a take.
FFRF is a non-profit, educational organization. All dues and donations are deductible for income-tax purposes.
Instead of just walking or driving 130 m using the bridge it leads me over a bridge much further away.
When checking openstreetmap* it is obvious that someone divided the bridge with a node exactly on the border. OSM is correct. You can see in YOURS that it works.
I assume somehow in the map creation process these 2 bridge halves are not connected. That's (most probably) why it can't route over the bridge.
I encountered the same strange route and I always have small local roads checked (which should be a default in the application anyway).
The latest versions I have (and can download) are 44-201608150 for north/east Germany, and for Austria 44-201607210 and Germany South 44-201606240 and West only 44-201607250.
My map versions are 2016-06-24 (Germany South), 2016-08-15 (Germany East) and 2016-07-21 (Austria), no newer available at the moment. The strange routing even happens as pedestrian. I did check OSM and couldn't find an error (and, btw, no history note, that's why I asked here), so I think it's a mismatch between the different MFN map versions because I'm sure the routing was alright last year.
All photographs appearing in this web site are copyrighted materials of Tom McGinty Photography and are protected under United States and International copyright laws. The photographs may not be copied, reproduced, stored or manipulated without the written permission of the photographer. All Rights Reserved.
Learn how to make your computer work for you. Explore Microsoft Office and Kewala. The STEP program is for persons with an intellectual disability. Each course runs for 2 hours per week over an 8 week term. Please bring pen, paper & headphones labelled with your name.
Interested in this course and want to enrol? Please fill out the form below and we will be in touch.
Learn a variety of art and craft activities. The STEP program is for persons with an intellectual disability. Each course runs for 2 hours per week over an 8 week term.
Pampering and soul soothing activities for both guys and girls. The STEP program is for persons with an intellectual disability. Each course runs for 2 hours per week over an 8 week term.
Most recent Most hits Most likes Most dislikes Title alphabetical Recently modified Recently viewed Author alphabetical Random
Copyright © Disciples Revival Church. All rights reserved. Developed & Maintained by Faith IT Solutions
I like the idea of a Cork Wall in a dorm bc then u can hang up reminders and also it can work as a decoration for the room
Vinayaka Missions University (VMU) is a pioneering and vibrant school offering a multi-social experience with an atmosphere checked by the ideal congruity of living in differing qualities.
Driving distance between Mckenna, WA and Evans, WA is 389.69 miles (or 627.15 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Mckenna, WA you would reach Evans, WA in about 7 hours 4 mins if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Mckenna, WA to Evans, WA in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Mckenna) and B (Evans) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Mckenna, WA and Evans, WA as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To cover the 389.69 mi that separate Evans from Mckenna you are going to need between of fuel, considering you drive an average car (30 mpg) and , if you drive an SUV or a heavy car (20 mpg). If you drive a fuel efficient car (45 mpg), your consumption will only be .
Depending on the fuel efficiency level of your car, driving from Mckenna to Evans will cost you between and . An average car would make the trip for . We calculate the route cost using real time average gas prices for the US and other costs such as tolls are not included in this calculation.
To help you plan your trip from Mckenna to Evans, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Mckenna, WA to Evans, WA.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Mckenna to Evans, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Mckenna, WA and the geographic center of Evans, WA. We also offer nearby airports to both Mckenna to Evans and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Distance from Wachapreague, VA Columbus City, IA Distance from South Hampton, NH Nemaha, IA Distance from Anamosa, IA West Camp, NY Distance from Whittier, CA Havre De Grace, MD Distance from Talking Rock, GA West Hollywood, CA Distance from Nashua, MN Andover, VA Distance from Shubuta, MS Ray City, GA Distance from Hatchechubbee, AL Riverside, CA
The straight distance between Lincolnton, NC and Prairie Home, MO is 665.04 mi, but the driving distance is 844.44 mi.
Over the last five hurricane seasons, the US has had a total of three hurricane strikes – Irene, Issac and Sandy. This few hurricanes has happened only twice before – in 1984 and 1866.
Mr Tajani warned that Europe’s quixotic dash for renewables was pushing electricity costs to untenable levels, leaving Europe struggling to compete as America’s shale revolution cuts US natural gas prices by 80pc.
Gov. Brown blames climate ‘deniers’ for worsening wildfires – Scientific evidence refutes him: ‘Less fire today than centuries ago’ – Wildfires are NOT due to ‘climate change’ – Book Excerpt
We are located in Siargao Island, Philippines. If you want to teach freediving in the big blue of Pacific Ocean, here we are.
Experiencing A State of Beingness that is calm, Tranquil, and free of mental stress or anxiety by seeking True Peace Within, where it can only be found
There are so many books, articles and other writings on self-help, religion, spirituality and the likes. Yes indeed there are countless resources outside of ourselves to point us to the ‘way’ to happiness or more fulfillment. Nevertheless right within each one of us there is a sure guide. This source of pure enlightenment is inherent in all of us. This means we don’t need to go get it, we were already born with it.
The sad truth is we are more likely to seek for the answers to life many questions by first relying on outer resources. It is because we have not trained our minds to trust our inner guide. Some of us are not even aware of this infinite source of wisdom that is closer to us than our own breath! Can you imagine that!
Think on this for a moment. Let’s say since you were born you have inherited some great wealth, however no one has ever told you of this great inheritance growing up. So you end up living in lack and scarcity and at times you had to even beg for food or work extremely hard to make ends meet. You have toiled and endured many hardships due to your own ignorance.
Now let’s say one day you come across some old documents, perhaps a will. You suddenly discover that you have inherited enough money and wealth to keep you out of the bondage of lack for good! What would you do next? I bet your reaction will be, how can I have access to this wealth!
There is a great wealth of wisdom within each of us. We only need to know how to tap into it. Think also on this, would a manufacturer make a product and not include inside the box a ‘user’s guide’? In the same Manner there is a ‘How to Guide’ within us. God our Maker, in his great wisdom and infinite love has placed within each and every single one of us an Unerring Guide. It is up to us to acknowledge this to be true and to experience it for ourselves.
I know there are times when we underestimate our abilities because of the impact of the world negative consciousness. It has crippled our innate abilities to find and rely on our inner strength, beauty, wisdom, and love. The world has trained us to seek for happiness, peace, love and joy where they can’t be found, meaning on things outside of us; things that are deceiving for they can only offer temporal enjoyment. At first they may seem as if they will provide some lasting results but to soon realize that your thirst and longing for true happiness have merely deepened.
You can put an end to all the confusions you may be experiencing right now and you may begin to seek within your own heart and trust in your innate abilities to find the answers that you need right now. If you are like the majority of us you are probably more accustomed in seeking refuge on the things without. Whether through your accomplishments, your daily routines, through books and other inspirational means. At this moment, yes right now I want to invite you to escape these realities and find a refuge instead within.
I want to invite you to put the remote control of your life on pause just for a few moment. Yes I know this life has its many demands, there are countless duties, goals, and your to-do list is waiting for you because there are no one else that can do what you do. However these things will still be waiting on you for they are endless, therefore it is better to prepare yourself and gather the strength that you need in order to face these responsibilities.
Some of the greatest moments and the most productive ones are those spent alone, and the highest honesty is the one towards self. The answer to how to find more happiness in 2009 lies right within your own heart. There is not a one size fits all formula to finding more fulfillment in life. That answer is unique for each individual. You must be brave enough and assess your own reality, that is the ‘world’ you have created for yourself and the experiences you have attracted in your life and find out whether or not they are producing the kind of results you were hoping for, in other words ask yourself: "Am I truly happy?".
Once you find the answer to that first question, you may than ask: "how do I find more happiness in the year ahead?" If you pause for a moment and wait in silence and hear from within your own heart you will truly find your answer. Simply trust your Inner Wisdom and Guidance, who is your Higher Self, the Christ within.
Now is the time to get our questions answered. There is not a time that we call on God and earnestly seek Him that He does not answer us. As the year is drawing to an end we may want to consider seeking God's face (His Wisdom) in seeking the answers to some of life most important questions. Especially those related to some of the goals we may have sought to have fulfilled this year.
As we reflect on those goals, however it is important that we do not judge or make our own assumptions due to our own limited perception. But rather let us trust that God who is capable of seeing the end from the beginning is able to keep us from falling and that is unfailing love will continuously sustain us.
As the year is drawing to an end, make every moment count as you enter into the new year. Choose life instead of death; look beyond every obstacle and see opportunities for growth and strength. Choose love instead of judgment; look beyond your brother 'sins' and connect to his true nature, thus recognizing your own.
Unless we become like little children we cannot enter the kingdom of God. Not just children, but little ones. Jesus also taught that such kingdom is within men. It is the secret place that is inherent in every soul. However many people ignore this truth. Jesus refers to the kingdom within him as being the father in Him. It is the divine presence of God also called the eternity in Man. We all have access and can enter this quiet place within. It is a place of refuge and of stillness and peacefulness. This kingdom is man's true guide.
The key is we must first become like little children, meaning we must return to our authenticity which is our original consciousness of innocence and purity. Along with an eagerness to learn and be a happy learner. Little children souls are virgin. Meaning they have not yet been infected or domesticated by the world negative consciousness. This means that their souls are open and vulnerable. There is no resistance due to former beliefs or perception.
We all have certain beliefs and principles that we currently live by based on our education, upbringing, and personal experiences. Those beliefs control our lives whether we are aware of this fact or not. Whatever we have been taught or learned throughout the course of our lives have affected our consciousness. Our consciousness, which comprises our thoughts and feelings, shape our existence.
We have the capacity to change the course of our existence by becoming like little children. By trusting the fount of wisdom within us, our unerring guide. Many of us are seeking the answers to life many questions, but are not looking within. Though the world system has failed us many times we stubbornly turn to its false light for direction or guidance while the true fountain of light and life is closer to us than our own breath.
Even if you think you already know the Truth or believe that you are on the right path it does not hurt to turn to the Father within, for His Truth is an eternal revelation that continuously reveals and unfolds to higher dimensions. The key is each time you desire to enter the kingdom within you must pretend as if you don't know anything and say: Daddy what is that? What is the meaning of life? What is my life Purpose? Daddy what am I?.
Simply begin by posing simple questions and believe and wait while you are in that secret place. I guarantee you in that state of mind you will hear new revelations of truth. You can even ask the same questions and each day God will unfold it to you further and further. His wisdom knows no bounds.
Commune with the father within, he is the true source of that everlasting joy, love and peace that you desire and deserve. His love surrounds and envelops you and there is nothing to fear. Papa God is always with you and you are never alone. Next time you are confronted with a challenging situation, an adverse thought or some kind of conflicts, quickly acknowledge God's presence within, which is Love Presence within and as a little child trust daddy to hear you and answer you as His love strengthens, guides and protects you.
And must be resolved there. When we feel conflicted we often shift our attention outward instead of inward. This is a big mistake! When we experience a conflict of some sort we must embrace it and see in it an opportunity for learning and spiritual growth. And this is possible only when we desire to find peace within rather than without.
Whenever adverse feelings arise from our subconscious it is usually an indication that something has gone wrong within our innermost being. Our heart will always tell us of its condition, for it is our willing and faithful servant. Our heart longs for inner peace and for this reason it insists on getting it by communicating to us through our feelings.
When negative feelings arise it usually awakes negative emotions such as fear, doubt, envy, jealousy, hatred and the likes; which are some of the characteristics of the false ego. Our false ego personality would tempt us to seek to get resolved by having what I like to call ‘attack thoughts’ towards others in and effort to find peace within.
Unless our mind is renewed in truth we cannot trust the guidance of our intellect, which is the conscious mind. It is our erroneous guide. And that is where the false ego whispers lies that lead us to error and to more heartache.
Unless we have completely subjected our minds to the learning of Truth and have entrusted ourselves to the Guidance of Spirit, our true teacher and our unerring guide, we must not listen to ourselves, for the false ego have trained the intellect to reason erroneously.
As I have mentioned in some of my recent articles, the false ego personality is the character of the mind that has been infected by the negative consciousness of this world. The wisdom of this world is contaminated by the prince of this world (AKA the devil or Lucifer), he is a false light that is continuously seeking to guide Man in darkness. It is this darkness of ignorance that has blinded us of our true identity in Christ, who is the true light that came to awaken us and enlighten our path to Inner Peace.
The bible refers to this false wisdom or light as being ‘the god of this world', and continues to add that "it hath blinded the minds of them which believe not”. Speaking of those of us who have ignored their true identity in God. When we identify ourselves with the false ego personality, we deny the Christ within and our true nature. This false personality is enmity to God, for it denies our true origin in Him. It seeks to judge and condemn others and us and will inevitably keep the light of Christ in us hidden or dim. Its ultimate goal is to destroy us.
Therefore we must be continuously alert by paying close attention to our feelings and the conflicts we experience inside our hearts. Those adverse feelings reveal the character of the false ego personality and when they arise it is an opportunity to put on the New Man that is renewed in knowledge of Truth.
We must incessantly deny the false ego of its erroneous suggestions and demands. We must not yield to his false wisdom and lies that have taught us that our brothers are the real enemies and that have lead us to condemn them and find them guilty. Or else we will never experience the radical changes that will transform our lives for good.
Be ye not deceived! When you feel conflicted within it is an opportunity for inner change. Railing at life or condemning others or blaming them for your adverse feelings or circumstances is completely foolish. Instead be courageous and check your heart and look for the root cause of the adverse feelings that usually bring about a lack of peace. In doing so you will silent the voice of the real enemy (Lucifer), and triumph over sin (darkness).
The human mind is accustomed to assuming and thinking the worse possible outcome specially when facing crisis, challenges or adverse situations. This results in the tendency to complicate life and make matters worse. This is why we must train our mind to think differently and our heart to imagine and feel good. That is how we gain control of our lives and attract the circumstances that we truly deserve.
I mean everyone wants to be happy and wants to live a peaceable and enjoyable life, and that is why we do the things that we do. However we sabotage our own lives when we are not conscious of how we are living or creating. A lot of us are living by default. By this I mean some of us merely exist because they are living unconsciously. Such people take life as it appears to be, and surrender to a life of unhappiness and misery because they believe they are powerless in changing their current life circumstances. Such belief is completely false.
It is true that our consciousness is affected by everything that we hear, see, think and do. However it is the things that we invest our faith in or believe that we attract in our life experiences. Once you begin to think and feel differently you will inevitably believe and create differently.
The world at large is infected by a negative thought system. It is very rare to come across people who are enthusiastic, innovative, creative and positive. This is why it is up to each individual to desire and to strive to retrain his own mindsets. This is accurately done through the process of unlearning and relearning. This development requires one’s willingness and desire to change. It is most effective when surrounded by the right people.
There is a French adage that says: “Dis-moi qui tu frequentes et je te dirai qui tu es”. The best translation I can come up with is this: Tell me who you hang out with and I will tell you what kind of person you are or your lifestyle. This encompasses the thoughts we entertain, the materials we read, and the kind of programs we watch on television.
The process of retraining the mind to think positively and the heart to feel and imagine good will initially require that one make some basic changes in his every day living. If you are serious about creating the life that guarantees happiness and peace you may need to stop reading some materials, stop watching some movies or programs, or stop hanging out with some friends.
Instead of relying on fate, you can create the experiences that you deserve beginning now. The question is: are you willing to take control of your own life?
We define something according to our level of understanding of that thing. What happiness may mean to one individual will be different for another. A lot of it also has to do with our culture, traditions, religious beliefs and other personal beliefs. But I strongly believe that as one begins to grow in spiritual understanding and knowledge his perception will also change and he will inevitably begin to see everything in a new light. Understanding gives light.
What does Happiness mean to you personally? It all broils down to your individual perspective, belief and desire. Some of us believe that true happiness is a myth or that it is impossible for one to really experience Happiness. Others have surrendered to the popular belief that life is difficult and has ups and downs. And consequently they have attracted the experiences that conform to their belief system.
If you seek to know the true definition of Life you will also find the real definition of happiness. A limited understanding of the meaning of life results in a limited expression of life and therefore happiness.
What is the meaning of life? To understand LIFE you must understand REALITY. Minister Alain Yaovi Dagba in a recent article wrote: "The meaning of REALITY is the meaning of life". This level of understanding requires that one acknowledge God as the First Cause of ALL THAT IS. This awareness is the first step in acquiring spiritual understanding. It allows one to shift from the apparent reality of things (things that we can experience through our body senses) and to connect to their substantial reality, thus connecting to God.
The meaning of Life is Reality. Reality is essentially God. Happiness is God. Your level of understanding of Life determines your level of awareness of God and your level of awareness of God determines your level of experience of True and lasting happiness. Therefore seek first to know and understand the underlying Cause and nature of all that exists. Connect to the indestructible life force that holds all things together, and Happiness will be knocking at your door.
To embrace a negative situation is to have complete dominion over it. You control the situation instead of letting it take over your life. Pondering about the situation over and over in your own mind alone will cause anxiety and will inevitably make it worse. As soon as a challenge arises it is better to surrender it to God immediately through prayer and spiritual meditation.
It is also very good to have a couple of positive affirmations in mind when fear and doubt wants to creep in your mind, such as: this too shall pass and I am on my way to it. Or thinking about the situation you may say: the best is yet to come; you may add: God is aware of this situation and his love upholds, prospers and protects everyone involved and myself.
Another way to embrace life challenges is to stop thinking that fate has dealt you a bad hand. People surrender to a life of pain and suffering because they refuse to embrace life challenges. Difficult situations will arise. This is inevitable. The difference is in how we perceive and handle them. We have the power to change any circumstances when we change the way we look at them. You can change the character of any challenges by changing your mental attitude about them. The ball is always in your court!
Some people when a challenging situation arises instead of thinking positively and imaging the best possible outcome they assume and picture the worst. What they fail to understand is the power of the imaging faculty. Florence Shinn refers to the imaging faculty as the scissors of the mind; always cutting the images that are found there and sooner or later out picture them in our bodies and affairs.
Apostle James, one of the writers of the New Testament wrote: consider it pure joy when you face trials of many kinds. One will wonder how is this possible? He is teaching us how to have mastery over life circumstances. Think about this not just one trial, but many trials of many kinds. You could be facing many different crises right now in your life but what will make the difference at the end is how you look at them.
Two people could be facing the same challenges but are handling them differently; they will undoubtedly have two different outcomes. It all broils down to your mental attitude. All begins in Mind and everything is mental. Our thoughts and feelings affect everything in our lives and attract in our daily experiences situations and people that are in same vibrational match to our beliefs system. You must believe that life is designed to be good and that whatever challenges you may be currently facing are here to teach you something new.
Life is your teacher, be a good student. Be willing to learn and Instead of being downcast, railing and condemning your life or the people therein you should bless it and affirm that it is good. Furthermore see every challenge as an opportunity to learn new truths and to develop spiritual. Ask: what can I learn through this situation, what is life teaching me right now? Be open to learn and be a happy learner. Stay positive even if things seem to get worse. No matter what don’t lose your joy. Pure joy has nothing to do with outside circumstances. It is a mental decision to use your innate ability to find a quiet refuge within no matter what is going on without.
A lot of people are unhappy with the experiences they have attracted into their lives, however they feel powerless in changing their life circumstances. The problem is they don’t really know where to begin. Well it starts here my friend: Knowing thyself.
Self-awareness is the beginning of true transformation. This requires learning, which at times involves reading and studying spiritual texts and materials. This is why those of us who do not read and learn are less intelligent and less powerful in creating the life they deserve than those of us who do. Learning leads us to enlightenment and empowerment. Those who have stop learning have settled for a life of mediocrity and are easily affected by the world negative consciousness of lack, poverty, sickness and death. Knowledge is power, knowing thyself is even more powerful!
So we all came into this world as little babies, full of love, life, laughter, innocence and beauty. Slowly but surely we begin to get ‘domesticated’, that is we begin to be influenced by the world collective consciousness, whether at home, school, the society or just the environment we grew up in. As we continue to emerge in society we begin to put on a certain personality.
This personality is the direct result of our beliefs systems, which in fact are not truly our own for we have been affected by other people beliefs. They did not emerge from our authenticity or our divine self. Nevertheless we have adopted them as our own and those beliefs inevitably begin to shape our character.
Everything that we have experienced or witnessed as we were growing up also affects our beliefs and consequently our lives. For example if someone was raised in a society that believes that women are lesser than men, this belief will affects his/her personality until that mindset is changed. Or consider a child who continuously experienced violence at home, this child might turn out to be an angry or violent person as he/she grows up.
So what happened to that sweet innocent, loving baby I mentioned earlier? The wisdom of this world slowly corrupts our divine nature and consequently the false ego personality erects in our consciousness and begins to rule over our lives. Anything that does not witness to our authenticity is false and must be denied. A lot of people identify themselves with the false ego and begin to make statements such as: well that is just me, that is who I am, or I have always been like this; but who told you so? They have believed in such lies for so long that they have failed to search for their true origin and identify. And that ignorance has caused many to miss the mark, or sin meaning they are separated in consciousness from the True Light that has brought them forth.
The truth is we are not those false personalities; we are not the false images that our erroneous thought patterns and beliefs have painted in our subconscious (heart) over the years. Unless we acknowledge and embrace this truth about ourselves we will not seek to know who we truly are and we will not change or attract those happy circumstances. We were created in the image and likeness of God and that settles it. We are authentically divine and were made to create like God and to be like him.
Though we have put on several false personalities, in our true nature or divine nature we have not changed. The life of God in us, which is the breath of God in every person that came into this world, is eternal and unalterable. It is our True Self. This is why the bible teaches to put on the new Self, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him. It is the Christ-Self that Jesus came to awaken in each one of us. He is the Light that took us out of darkness. He is the the true light that reveals our divine self.
This scripture afore mentioned brought me back to the point I was making in the beginning of this article, the new Self must be renewed in the Knowledge of God. If you don’t know your creator, who is the light (wisdom) and the life (Power) that has brought you into existence you will inevitably ignore your true Self; for that is the self that is created in His image and likeness. It is the real you that has been hidden under the darkness of illusions of the false self. Your divine nature awaits your recognition in other to manifest.
Today begin by denying the false ego personality its demands. When certain thoughts or images submerge from the subconscious that are not in alignment with your true identity immediately put them to flight, by claiming your innocence, beauty and love. Those thoughts and images are easy to notice for they are usually negative and destructive. You may negate them from your consciousness by simply acknowledging God’s presence in you, which is your divine nature. As you acknowledge your own breath you may come to that awareness; the awareness of the divine presence within you.
Above anything else desire to learn about your true identity and origin and God will do the rest. This desire will become a strong magnetic force that will attract into your life and experiences all that you need in order to discover the truth about your DIVINE SELF.
When something is not being used for the purpose for which it was intended it gets abused. Abuse means abnormal use. You were created and intended for love, which means you were created and intended for God, for HE IS LOVE. You came forth from love and were specifically designed to operate and function in love; God’s love. And God says, "Let us make man in our image and likeness", meaning to love and give love. We can all agree that you cannot give something that you don’t have. You must first have something in your possession before you can give it away.
You originate from an exhaustible source of Love, which is God. God created you with the intention that you will become so lavished and content in his love that you should not need anything for his love is sufficient, it is more than enough, and therefore you shall not want anything.
The human soul was purposely designed to function in perfect oneness with the source from whence it came from. Our soul was made to know God. The word ‘know’ here means to have a personal relationship with, which is only possible from having an experiential knowledge of God. This is true intimacy. Apart from God’s genuine love, anything else the soul will experience is a counterfeit.
Without this deep and intimate relationship with its creator, the human soul begins to experience starvation. It begins to feel ‘love sick' and longs for relationship, companionship, intimacy and love outside its temple, meaning from the world. And because it is not acquainted with what true love is, it erroneously accepts 'cheap' love for true love. And unfortunately the human soul, which is the heart, then experiences many heartaches and abuse. The human heart is designed to first experience true love that can only be found in God.
Many people go from one relationship to the next or from divorce to divorce in search of true love because the soul won’t settle for anything less. Some people long to be married because they yearn for unconditional love. This is because the soul was intended for love.
While there is nothing wrong with desiring to be in a relationship or to be married, it is a big mistake however to believe that the source of love is to be found without. The everlasting spring of love, which is God presence in you, is located right within the human heart. Why would it be anywhere else, one may wonder. Love must be found where God is.
"I will be found by you says the Lord if you search me with all your heart". Unfortunately many people use all of their mind, strength and energy in pursuit for love where it cannot be found, and it is sadly very foolish. Or some look for material needs to fulfill the emptiness the soul experiences without God’s love. Others indulge in sensual pleasures in order to ease the loneliness of the heart. These temporary enjoyments leave the heart yearning and desiring more for it is intended for true, genuine and everlasting love.
God’s love is not just a feeling, it is something that the human soul experiences as it acknowledges and completely relies on God’s presence and strength within for all its needs. God’s love is a surge of emotions that result as our soul is completely lavished through this oneness. In this divine intimacy our heart melts with God’s heart and commune with him. It is something that can only be experienced through sonship or divine relationship.
The more you desire to know God, the more He will reveal himself to you. The more you experience God’s love the more your soul will yearn for more of his love, for it can only be satisfied with the best. In the same token the less you desire to know God, the more your soul will starve for true love and because it is not acquainted with God’s love, it will settle for cheap love and gets hurt.
Today no matter where you may be in your seeking to know God or your personal relationship with him, know that you are intended to know him more personally. God desires relationship and sonship. He wants your heart and that is all that He truly needs from you. God has everything else; he just wants a relationship with you. Therefore open up your heart and acknowledge his Presence and Goodness in your heart and life and receive from this everlasting and inexhaustible spring of Genuine love until you want no more. Once you possess enough of God’s love you can then lavish this love upon others. In your relationships you will seek to give rather than to receive love, for you are now rooted and established in God (in love), and are eternally being supplied from a source that is inexhaustible.
Remember you are intended to experience pure, genuine and unconditional love. Don’t you settle for less! Claim all the love that is yours by divine right today!
The ego in itself is good. It allows us to personally identify our beingness, and it enables us to make some logical distinctions between ourselves and others. For that reason we must not destroy the ego, but rather transcend it.
The ego is first of all concerned with me, myself and I. We naturally think of our best interests and we look out for our own advantages. In other words the ego’ s primary concern is: ‘what’s in it for me’ for it was programmed to primarily function in this manner. And even if it were to fail us the society or the environment we grow up in will surely teach how to look out for oneself, which in the long run can cause dissension and division.
Religion has tried for centuries to unite souls through the bond of genuine love, but in spite of its many efforts, has failed in this endeavor. Breaking the barriers of wrongful egoful desires and ambitions that lead to division and separation is a personal choice and pursuit rather than a collective one. This encompasses the process of spiritualization. It is the soul’s journey to God realization and the true path to inner peace and joy.
When you transcend the ego you are not only concerned about yourself, but you are also mindful of your family, community and the society at large. Your utmost desire is to see others succeed and achieve their dreams and goals. You literally see yourself in everyone and I can even say that you become everyone else for you have destroyed the wall of separateness through consciousness. As a matter of fact you become like God; for God’s infinite love and goodness looks on all as one.
When you transcend the ego you bestow Christ’s love on everyone without judgments and discrimination. For you understand that judging others is judging yourself, since you have united your soul with the heart of your brothers and love them as you love yourself. There is no longer, me, myself and I, but rather you begin to think in terms such as: what’s in it for all of us. Every decision you will make in the future you will think about how it will affect others or how it will impact their lives.
When you transcend the ego you begin to live on purpose. For the real purpose of God’s spirit journeying through and in you is to realize God and this is done by becoming one or by unifying your soul with your brothers through pure love.
Transcend or look beyond your brother’s ‘sins’ and connect to his soul where the light of Christ shines (perhaps dim.)
Have you recently pondered on this awhile? Have you asked yourself what do you really know about yourself, others, God or how things work? We can easily misinterpret what we have heard, taught, or read about for what we actually know. I am talking here about acquiring experiential knowledge that leads to practical wisdom. It is what you know and have experienced personally that will set you free from lack of peace and joy.
What do you know besides the apparent reality the world of forms convey? Have you sought to look beyond the appearance and to connect to the underlying cause or nature of things, people, animals, and the universe? Have you wondered about the invisible force, which is the life intelligence that causes the moon and the sun to alternate along with the seasons? Have you thought about the human anatomy and asked yourself about this intelligent and informative life principle in every cell of your body that causes each one to work so harmoniously giving you perfect bodily function?
There is a Teacher within each one of us; He is the Voice of God within. He patiently awaits our inquiries in order to intervene in our lives and lead us to the path of perfect peace. If we don’t find the answers to life many questions it is simply because we haven’t stopped to ask or haven’t paid attention to His Voice. There is a truth to know about everything in life. But only those who diligently seek will find. There is a reality beyond the apparent reality that we perceive through our body eyes. It is the reality of the Kingdom of God within. It is the substantial reality from which all things emanate.
Seek therefore to know and experience the Truth that will make you free from the world of limitations, lack, poverty, sin and sickness the world of forms offer. Be determined to know and adhere to the Truth that will illumine your path to everlasting peace and joy. It is a personal journey. You must not be contented with merely what you have heard, taught, or read. Ponder on things in your own mind; seek to get revelation knowledge from Spirit within. Expand what you believe you already know through meditation and get wisdom.
Make today the beginning of a new personal quest to know the Truth experientially. As you come across some things, or people throughout your daily activities ask: "what do I really know about this thing, or that person?" or you may Say: "I am determined to know the truth that lies beyond the appearance". In this simple practice you are inviting the Spirit of God to quicken the eyes of your understanding. Consequently your mind and heart are opened to receive inspiration from above and to know the true and easy path to unending joy and perfect peace.
Our predominant thoughts control our reality. And we are in control of our thoughts. However we become all powerful only when our thoughts are in complete alignment with Universal Mind Power. It is in this POWER do all things consist and hold together. When our intentions are in the same vibrational resonance with Divine Mind, we got God on our side and with Him all things are possible. In that consciousness we no longer see limitations or feel powerless when facing adversities, for we solely rely on God’s invincible power.
We see limitations when we fail to seek God. But when we acknowledge His omnipotence and invoke His omnipresence we unite our mind with the Divine. It is in this oneness that we receive clarity and guidance. We are quickened within and simply know the right actions to take concerning a certain decision, situation or condition.
The problem with the majority of us is this: we become so consumed with the adverse situation or condition that we are currently facing that it begins to cloud our consciousness and the idea of being still and calling upon God for help becomes very distant. However it is precisely in that instance must we use every fiber of our being and cry out to God, who is an ever-present help in time of need.
Today no matter what the challenge maybe, know that you and God are majority. You only need to make a firm decision to cast the burden that has been weighing you down upon the Christ within, for He cares for you. Perhaps you or a loved one is going through a tough time. Instead of pondering on the problem in your own mind surrender it to God. Let Him be in control.
God knows exactly what need to be done, and the best way to carry it out into completion. His divine love encompasses all that concerns you and your loved ones. Then once you have completely surrendered, learn to let go and let God. If after you have completed all these steps you feel lead within to take any necessary actions, then be sure to follow your intuitive lead, who is the Voice of the Spirit of God within and your unerring guide. Otherwise do not interfere with the activities of the Spirit of God in your life or the lives of your loved ones. In other words let God be God. Let Him be in control and everything will be under control.
"I will not interfere with the Activities of Spirit in my life or in the life of my loved one (name loved one)"
In spirit and in truth we are one, for there is only One God and He is omnipresent. Meaning GOD is within each and every single one of us. He is in you as He is in me. Therefore in truth you are ‘me’, and I am ‘you’. In reality there is no distinction. We are one.
The differences in physical appearances are nothing but illusions; in essence we are of the same God and are made of the same ‘God-stuff’.The false belief that we are different and separate from one another is the first darkness that must be dissolved in our consciousness if we are to experience complete freedom and perfect peace. Furthermore this erroneous mindset is the cause of the disharmonies many people experience in their homes, relationships, bodies and affairs. When we understand that fundamentally we are one no matter the apparent differences in skin color, title, geographical location, ethnicity or race, we are free from the race belief in separateness and division.
This freedom causes the life force in us, which is our divine nature, to freely express and manifest itself through us toward others. This divine life is the power of Love that recognizes everyone as they are and not as they appear to be. When we become one with this force it compels us to love and treat others as we would like to be loved and to be treated. Furthermore this power causes us to project ourselves in others and to see our own image in them, thus loving them as we love ourselves.
When we fail to recognize God as the underlying cause or the life principle in all that exists, we deny God’s omnipresence, and this ignorance keeps us in bondage. When we ignore the fundamental truths of our origin, and our cause we deny our oneness with God and with one another, and consequently we become subject to pain, confusion and suffering.
However, when we understand that God is the source of all life and the life generator of all that is, we acknowledge his presence everywhere. And this acknowledgment is the beginning of wisdom. This truth awakens our awareness to our inner guidance and enlightens the true and easy path to our life purpose and destiny. Furthermore it destroys the illusive wall of separation that has kept us apart from our creator and our brothers.
Today embody oneness! Unite yourself with your brother in consciousness. Salute and praise the divine life in every soul you meet today whether in your mind or during your daily interactions. Make an attempt to go beyond the appearance and connect with everyone’s true nature, or essence. In doing so you are sending forth vibrations of divine love, which is the highest vibratory force that exists, and the love that you send forth is that which you keep.
Giving what you want to receive fulfills the principle of giving and receiving; in order to have something we must be willing to give it away. Freely you receive and freely you also must give. Whatsoever a man soweth that also he shall reap.
Today sow seeds of love, and appreciation. Today give a smile, or a hug. Today return a friend's email or call an old buddy of yours. Today take time to listen to others and be compassionate and understanding. Today send a thank you card, or buy a small gift for someone. A little something can go a long way. Today be mindful of others. A little gesture can make a great impact in someone else's life. You never know what others may be going through in their personal lives, therefore be conscious of others and listen to their heart.
True transformation occurs in the core of our being’ness; which is our soul. The human soul or spirit is made of thoughts and feelings, which comprise our consciousness. We are sentient beings, meaning we are thinking and feeling beings.
Everything begins in the invisible realm of the mind, therefore the radical changes we desire must also start there. We all have access to the same universal mind power, for everything that exists, the universe and its inhabitants originate from the same source. And in this power do all things consist and hold together. However, throughout the whole creation only human beings have been endowed with the ability to create. Which means as free beings we can attract through our thoughts whatsoever we desire.
Our beliefs influence our personalities, and our personalities influence our experiences. Our thoughts and feelings are constantly shaping our lives whether we realize this or not. And we are the sole creators of our ‘reality’. We attract everything in our reality first through our thoughts, then through our feelings, and next through our beliefs. We first think a thought, next we emotionalize it through feelings, and then we believe it. And whatever we invest our faith in we are attracting into our lives.
If your current beliefs are not bringing about the kind of experiences that you deserve, you must therefore begin to think, believe and create differently. This is only possible when you seek to acquire higher truths and knowledge.
The more truths you know the more powerful you become in creating the life that you deserve. When you ignore the spiritual principles that govern the universe and its inhabitants, including you, you become subject to the world negative consciousness in lack, poverty, limitations, sin, sickness and death.
Everything that you need in order to heal your heart, transform your mind and revolutionize your life lies within you. Everything begins with thoughts. If you are willing to change your thought-patterns and beliefs systems, you will undoubtedly change your life. If you seek to acquire the ultimate truths and knowledge that will enlighten the path to wholeness, fulfillment and happiness you shall surely find them. All that is required of you is your whole heart.
"You will seek me and find me, when you seek me with all your heart. I will be found by you, declares the LORD..." Jer 29:11-14
We habitually believe in imperfection. However every form of habit can be reversed if we so desire. The world system relates perfection to doing rather than simply being. We have been told since we were kids that in order to be this we must do that. Therefore our mind has been infected with this erroneous concept and many of us have believed it to be true. As a result we have been striving for many years to reach perfection. Trying entails failing. The harder we try the further we are from realizing our perfect nature.
The preconceived idea that we must aim at something, subtly suggests to the subconscious mind that we don’t believe that we already possess it It also implies that we have not identified ourselves with it. The subconscious mind, which is the heart, will release into the universe those vibrations of ‘imperfection’, which will in turn attract circumstances or events of the same vibrational energy into our experiences. Energy attracts energy of the same vibration. If we are releasing thoughts and feelings of 'imperfection' we are attracting more 'imperfection' into our lives.
The idea of perfection has been misconceived. It is not achieved by doing, but rather by being. Be ye perfect as your father in heaven is perfect, Jesus said. In Spirit and in Truth we are already perfect. The ignorance of our true nature is our biggest hindrance to recognizing and accepting our divinity. This unawareness is like a thick cloud that hides a bright sunny and clear sky. Superficially it looks like a gloomy day, but in truth it only appears to be so since the cloud merely hides the sunbeam. In the same way the wrong conception of who or what we has darkened our understanding. This darkness causes us to ignore our divine nature, and consequently we end up clothing ourselves with a false nature. This is the false ego personality.
This false personality has been destroyed through the redemptive work of Christ Jesus. When we truly partake in the atonement we really believed that the false self has been crucified, our mind has been renewed and our soul redeemed or saved. Our perfection is then revealed. Therefore perfection is salvation.
Therefore seek to know who you really are within and not without. Erase from your consciousness any beliefs that suggest that your essence is in some way related to your accomplishments or attainments. Salvation is not done by works. Naturally accept and embrace your True Self, which is your Christ-Self.
Today get into the ‘spirit of things’, and arise your consciousness from being just a body and look beyond it so that you may discover your divine nature.
Today practice perfection. You may say: I am perfect as my Father in heaven is perfect. I am not what the world says I am. I am not what I think I am; I am that I am. I erase from my consciousness the belief in the false ego self.
Have you had enough of the mundane? Are you getting tired of your daily routines? Is your soul yearning for something more out of life?
The human’s soul will incessantly demands more, for it will not settle for less. Your soul was designed to experience peace and joy. It is for this reason you came forth. However, one can truly be peaceful and joyful only when he is using his gifts and talents for the fulfillment of his life purpose; which is his ultimate calling.
Yes you did not just show up here, you were called and are destined to live happily ever after; yes just like in those fairy tales! Many people are living in such state because they are living on purpose. They are consciously creating the life they deserve. Many of us are unhappy because we have settled for a life of limitations and mediocrity. Some of us are merely content with the idea of making money. Yes money can buy a lot of things but it can never buy happiness. Some people are just going along with the flow so to speak. They are simply doing what everyone else does with the assumption that if it works for others, then it must also work for them. They become imitators and not creators.
The truth is as a spirit being you were born to create and not to imitate. Spirit is Mind, consequently you must become mindful. Spirit is creative, innovative and original. Spirit is also complete, therefore it does not need anything. This means you shall not be in want, for all that you will ever need in order to produce the exciting life you deserve has already been provided.
Have you ever seen a user’s manual outside of the box? The manufacturer will always put it inside. Likewise God, our Maker, has put within each one of us an user's manual. It is our unerring guide to the secrets to divine manifestations which leads to the fulfillment of our life purpose. The answers to life many confusions and problems are closer to you than your own breath. Look within and become inward-focus. Your invisible you –your mind- shapes your life. As a result you must discover the working powers of your own mind in order to create appropriately.
According to modern psychology the average person uses no more than 6% of his mind power. That means there is 94% of untapped potentials and endless possibilities awaiting your awareness. You can be all that you want to be. If you can conceive it you can achieve it. But have you limited yourself? Have you ignored your inherent abilities to produce and create the circumstances that you wish to attract into your existence? You have the ability to imagine the life that you want. And there is no better time to do this than NOW!
You are here in order to produce the kind of life you were destined to live. You will feel unproductive until you begin to walk in your individual pattern. All that you need in order to fulfill your destiny is in you. You have all power to attract the right people and the right events.
You were called to freely create. Set no more boundaries. Explore all possibilities! You are destined to be happy and to experience everlasting joy. Don’t settle for anything less! Picture the life that you want! Imagine having all that you need in order to fulfill your life purpose. Feel the joy of being complete and not lacking any good things. Claim contentment! Walk on your divine pattern! Anticipate every day as being the best day of your life!
To appreciate someone is to highly esteem him by exercising keen insight in realizing his worth. This means we must make every effort to connect to people's fundamental nature and not the superficial one. In Reality everyone is Good, for God is the good omnipresent life Principle that vitalizes every soul.
Reality is what IS. Just as nature, it may be unrecognized but it is unchangeable. However, when a soul is not yet awakened to its divine nature it believes it is separated from its source. And this erroneous mindset darkens its understanding, and causes it to act in a way that is contrary to its true Self. This liberating insight will make you free from judging others, and will enable you to go beyond their appearance and connect to their essence.
When we appreciate someone, we show him consideration and love; we value his opinion, we respect his point of views and his choices. When we don’t give value to something we don’t acknowledge it. Consequently it depreciates and sooner or later it will stop existing. When we appreciate what we have and are thankful for it, we become conscious of its worth and it increases in value. On the other hand when we fail to see its importance, it will decrease in value.
When you are grateful for what you have, you are in a state of contentment and more will be added unto you, but when you are ungrateful even the ‘little’ you think you have will be taken from you.
You will notice that people will tend to be around the people who show them appreciation, love and consideration. When someone feels a negative vibe around a particular person or environment, he usually avoids being there. This is why it is important to appreciate and encourage our loved ones, especially our kids. We must show them how much we care, and continually send positive thoughts (vibes) towards them.
What often causes us to have a change of heart towards other people is the belief that they have hurt us or let us down in the past. The reason for that is because we have had some expectations, and when those were not met we felt unappreciated and unloved. As a result we decided to withdraw our love and appreciation from them.
In order to avoid this ordeal it is better not to set any expectations and to simply go with the flow. Allow the relationship to unfold and learn from each other. In addition let every experience become an opportunity for spiritual growth and Self-development. Do not rely on anyone or anything outside of you to supply that which can only be found within you. Appreciate yourself, and give yourself value. You will see the importance of the people in your lives in accordance to how much you value and appreciate yourself.
The misconception of who God is and the wrong interpretation of his attributes is the darkness that has veiled our divine identity, and nature. When we fail to understand the God-nature we will undoubtedly misunderstand our own nature. And This ignorance is a major hindrance to our spiritual development.
Nature speaks of one's origin. Religion has taught us for years that we are of God and were in his image and likeness. Well one may wonder; what does this really mean? We have a physical body and we live in a circumscribed area. Where does God fit in all of this? We are told that God is All-powerful, all knowledge and everywhere present. Further more we are told that God is infinite wisdom, everlasting love, and He is good. Well one may wonder how can anyone measure up to God? How can one relate to such Perfection?
Some may ask: If He exists, and is everywhere, then where is He? If he is so good, so powerful, then why isn’t he doing something about all the pain and sufferings and famine in the world? We often hear people wondering about God’s existence, goodness and love. Because of Lack of accurate knowledge many have denied God, and consequently have denied their true origin and nature. Nature is what IS, though it may be unrecognized, it is unchangeable.
God is God, He is eternally Truth and forever Good. One may not acknowledge Him as such, but that does not change who God is. There is only one way to find out who is God, it is by knowing Him personally. And only in this perfect knowledge will your true nature be revealed to you.
However you will only know God if you truly desire to know and seek him with all your might. Then you will seek Me, inquire for, and require Me [as a vital necessity] and find Me when you search for Me with all your heart. One must also be determined to Know Him above everything else.
This strong desire will become a powerful magnetic force that will attract to one’s experience all that He needs to learn in order to acquire Perfect knowledge of God (Truth). This also suggests that He is willing to put aside any former beliefs that may have hindered him and slowed down his spiritual growth. And that he is open to hear from God directly in his spirit.
Do you feel disturbed when certain thoughts or images come to your mind? Do you allow people’s attitude or personalities -even your own- bring out ‘the worst’ in you? Are you moved by the realities of this realm? Do you let the world negative consciousness, which is the race belief in lack, poverty, sin and sickness – pollute your mindset and affect your personal belief system?
If your answer is “yes”to any of the preceding questions, you have been longing for Divine Peace whether you are conscious of this or not. The human soul is purposely programmed to have such desire. This longing is the life of God in you that is seeking perfect expression through you. It is the Spirit of God that gives Life. The life that you are now living has its source in God, for God is the Creative Life principle of all that exists. Therefore since Life originates in God, the perfect expression of Life must also be found in HIm.
The divine life in you is essentially perfect. However the God-life in you needs the divine guidance of God-wisdom for perfect expression. The lack of godly wisdom is the root of many inharmonies Man experiences in his life. To change the course of his life he must seek spiritual understanding through communion with God. He must unite hiss soul with God-Mind, and it is only in this perfect oneness that he experiences perfect peace.
How do you go about aligning your soul with the God-Mind? First it requires your willingness, which depends on your determination to be free from the world collective and negative consciousness, and then you must deny the illusive peace it offers. For this world is incapable of giving any lasting peace. The world does offer temporary pleasures. But they fade away as quickly as they come; for they are illusions.
Thirdly feel free to ask. If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally. Asking suggests that you are willing to let go of the erroneous perception that had once kept you in darkness. By asking God you are opening your soul to receiving godly wisdom. This wisdom enlightens your mind and leads you to experiencing peace unshakable.
Today seek peace where it can only be found, or what you will find is inharmony. The answer to any lack of peace you may be experiencing right now lies within you. Look no where else!
There is something you came to give that no one else can, there is something you came to do that only you can. What is written in the book of life concerning you is unique. No two individuals have the same exact pattern. Though our destiny is the same, the pattern is different.
You were specifically designed and equipped to walk in your individual pattern. This divine pattern is written in your heart. This specific thing you came to do is inside of you; awaiting your acknowledgement to manifest.
You did not show up here by accident, you were predestined, called and set apart for a specific purpose. In the Divine Mind there are no accidents. God intentionally created everything in the entire universe for a specific purpose. The birds, the moon, the sun, the trees are all functioning according to the purpose for which they were created. This is why there is such peace when we are out in nature. Yes,You will notice an immediate connection with God as soon as you step out in nature. This is so because everything in nature is functioning in perfect harmony.
We will experience perfect peace only when we discover our specific pattern. The inharmonies that are brought about in our lives are the effects of our own ignorance. The minute we make the decision to know our individual calling everything in the whole universe will begin to work synchonistically in order to reveal our pattern to us. For the whole creation eagerly awaits the manifestation of the Sons of God; and this is who we are.
Find out the purpose for which you were called. Open your heart and allow this pattern to be revealed to you. Turn your focus inward. You must escape the reality of this world every so often and commune with the Spirit of God within so that His divine ideas concerning your destiny may be unfold to you. As you are doing this inward journey, trust the Spirit of God within you to show you and direct your every step to your perfect pattern.
When we think of a thought, this thought goes into our innermost parts, which is our subconscious. As soon as we become conscious of a particular thought we begin the creative process. The more we ponder on that thought the more it is being embedded in our subconscious, and sooner or later our consciousness will carry out that thought into our experience.
There is a male and a female principle within each one of us. Our male and female principles are designed to function in perfect harmony. They constitute our thoughts and feelings. This comprises our overall beingness, which is our individual consciousness.
We are what we think and what we feel. What we are in the inside is projected in the outside. The more established we are within, the more harmony we will experience without; that is in our body and affairs. Our experiences, conditions, situations are the reflection of our thoughts and feelings. The disharmony that we experience in our body and affairs has its roots in the disharmony between our male and female principles. This is the meaning of A house divided against itself cannot stand.
This is why what you think must be in the same alignment with what you feel in other to experience harmony, peace and joy. Some people may say "I would love to experience unconditional love", but deep down inside they don’t believe it is attainable. Some say "I deserve to be happy", and the next minute they say: "but true happiness does not really exist". You will hear people say: "I believe my partner can change", but moment later they began to criticize everything that he/she does.
We may have a lot of good intentions and goals and desires but unless we believe they are attainable and feasible we are not really creating the life that we deserve. It is in the heart (our subconscious) that we believe. The heart is a faithful servant and will always carry out what is there.
You may even say: "I believe in prosperity", but if in the heart you don’t really believe that prosperity is your divine right, you will not experience abundance in your life. The heart will always carry out what it sees there.
This is why you must define what you want. The more understanding you have about what you want, the more confident you will become. You will also become empowered by only attracting only that which you want.
What do you want? Define it and seal it with your intention. There is an underlying principle about everything you desire. Seek understanding! In doing so you will experience joy inexpressible and peace unshakable.
It is not enough to know what we want or desire, it is imperative that we also find meaning for every single thing that we wish to experience during our earthly journey. When we find the true definition to what we want, what we don't want will not show up in our experiences. The more we define what we want, the more we give it substance to materialize in the physical realm. There is no creation without substance. Definition gives understanding, and understanding gives us substance.
What is it that you want? We all want to be happy and we all want to feel good. We want to experience peace and joy, prosperity, health and wealth and much more. Our human spirit was purposely designed to desire the ideal. That is why our soul continuously longs for perfect peace and joy, unending and complete happiness, unconditional love and so forth.
Spirit can only create after its own kind. Perfection begets perfection. The Human spirit was created in the likeness of its Creator and for the sole purpose to create like its source. If we are to experience the ideal we must connect our mind to the creative source of absolute perfection,which is the God-Mind. The divine mind is the realm of divine ideas and perfect expression. Everything that we want to experience have their origin in God. We must therefore seek to understand the God-Mind; the infinite consciousness from which all things emanate.
The God-Mind is Man's 'Super consciousness' and it is inherent in our divine nature. We all have access to this realm of divine ideas. God,who is infinite intelligence, has carefully placed within each one of us the key to our perfect pattern. This is the true path to God realization and the divine manifestations of everything our heart desires. The God-Mind is Man's unerring guide, and his connection to godly wisdom.
The outward expressions and manifestations that we want to realize in our lives have their true definition in God. However, there is a key to happiness, another key to success, yet another key to prosperity, still another key to peace, life, intelligence, substance, faith and every other divine idea that exists. But there is One master key that opens the treasure box which contains these hidden treasures of the soul.
Every manifestation is God realization. The key to manifesting your desires is to have a perfect knowledge of your Source, your Father, who is your creator and your First Cause. Seek to have an understanding of His attributes and his mindset. The more you understand the God-Mind, the more substance you have to create like him; in Spirit and in Truth. The more you understand the God-Mind, the more you are able to relate to Him. Seek to understand your origin, your purpose,your true identity, which are found only in God. Turn your focus inward and seek first the perfect kingdom of the Mind that is in you.
If you had a genie that could give you your heart utmost’s desire, what would you wish for? In a recent poll, most people’s desire was to know their life purpose.
Having our heart desires fulfilled lead us to living a purposeful life. When we know what we want, we avoid doing what we don’t want. What is it that you really, really, really want?
This may sound like a silly question, as if the answer should be obvious. But unless we are certain about what we desire in life, and unless we seal our desires through intention, we will leave this earth and not carry out the very mission we were sent for.
Many people have missed their calling and have ended up doing something that has nothing to do with their particular assignment. They have missed the mark because they never sought after their individual pattern.
Our divine pattern is engraved in our heart. Sometimes it will come to us as in a flash. Other times we will imagine ourselves doing something that our conscious mind would reason unfeasible. Some people, especially our relatives and close friends, will notice some of our talents or giftedness even at an early age. Those natural abilities are pattern indicators. They help lead the way to our ultimate calling.
Your Maker has designed and handcrafted you to function in a specific manner. Just like a manufacturer would carefully make a product with the intention to function in a particular way and for a specific use. In like manner God has fashioned you to operate and function in your specific calling.
You would not warm up your food in the refrigerator because refrigerators are not designed for that purpose. When you misuse something you end up abusing it. There is a specific pattern for your life, and if you ignore that pattern you will end up abusing your life, which will result to living a life of misery and unhappiness.
And in the same way the same manufacturer would include a user’s manual inside his product. God has placed within you, his masterpiece, a user’s manual; “How to live the purposeful life”. This unerring guide is His Spirit within you. He is in your heart. Speak to him today, all you need to do is open your heart and you will surely find him and hear from Him.
This mental attitude may be foreign to many of us. Our mind is accustomed to viewing itself as separated from its Source, which is the God-Mind, the all-originating Spirit from which all things emanate. In truth, there is but one Mind expressed in various ways through different individuals. We are individualized aspects of the one Mind, the Mind of God.
In reality there are no separate minds. The Wrong conception of 'who we are' and ‘what God is' is the cause for the separation and division that Man experiences. This is what gave birth to the false ego identity. What we call ego is in fact 'self-hood'. It is the characteristic of one’s personality or individuality. Ego expresses itself in individual consciousness through desires. Our consciousness is made of our thoughts and our desires. And Man’s utmost desire is to find happiness. That strong desire is of the Spirit. It is The Spirit of God seeking perfect expression through us, which is our ultimate calling. In essence it is Love seeking recognition, and expression through us. The Spirit is of God and God is Love and we are also of God.
Love in is essential nature is pure. It is man’s divine nature. However without the wisdom and guidance of The Spirit that nature will eventually get corrupted. If love is not properly guided by The Spirit of God, it will seek guidance from Man’s corrupted intelligence or inner sight. We are of The Spirit of God; we are of God and must therefore operate in Him; that is according to his principles and mindset. This is in fact the process of spiritualization. This process, in fact, is Man’s individual journey back to the place of his origin in God.
The first step in this process requires that one recognizes God as his only Source and the creative life principle or life generator of all Good. Secondly one must acknowledge that this Source has already made a provision for Man's every need throughout his physical experience on earth. Thirdly God is seeking perfect expression through Man and only needs his cooperation. That is to have the willingness to know the Truth and nothing but the Truth.
Also in acquiring spiritual knowledge one must remain teachable and humble. Most importantly he must enjoy the journey. This process of spiritualization is for our own enjoyment. The Spirit of God loves a ‘happy learner’. Your cooperation also requires that you become one with the wholeness of Spirit (the divine Spirit), which is your divine and true nature.
Today give yourself over wholeheartedly to the the Spirit of God and trust Him to lead you step by step to this spiritual journey; which is in Truth, The Spirit Journeying through you.
We allow things outside of us to disturb us because we believe that they have the ability to do so. As long as we hold on to that belief we are allowing the world ‘without’ to interfere with the world ‘within’.
Moreover, we believe that our lack of peace has its origin in things outside of us. Nothing could be further from the truth. We often hear people say ‘you make me so unhappy, my children get on my last nerves, or you make me so angry’. In truth, no one can create in our reality unless we allow it. The sad thing is as long as we continue to believe that the source of our peace, joy or contentment is outside of us we will never find it.
If you truly desire to cultivate inner peace, you must be willing to accept the fact that True Peace can only be found within and that nothing outside of you is able to rob you of your Peace. What is yours is yours. No one and no-thing can take that which truly belongs to you. What truly belongs to you becomes a part of you; it becomes your authentic inclination.
If it is possible for someone or something to steal your peace, it means that you never had it in the first place. You must make a firm decision to seek Peace in you (not outside you). This will require that you pay close attention to your thoughts, feelings and emotions. It is true that things outside of us will cause us to act or react a certain way.
However every action or reaction has its corresponding thought-pattern within. The law of correspondence says: “as within, so without”. Many times instead of going to the cause of the matter we focus on the effects. And we deal with it superficially. On the outside it may appear that we are resolved but deep within we are not.
Today make every effort not to rely on anything or anyone outside of you to bring you to a state of peace. Also don’t blame things or people for the lack of peace you may be experiencing.
If you become disturbed about a particular situation you may say: "I desire to find peace in this situation (name situation)". If you become disturbed about a certain individual you may say after you bring his/her image to your mind and state his or her name: Peace be with you. The peace that you give is the peace that you keep. To create a continual state of peace, you may unceasingly affirm: I am only open to the influx of Divine Peace in my heart.
Often times we are afraid to choose. We would rather let someone else choose for us or tell us what to do. We attribute choosing to failure. We don't think we are good enough to choose for ourselves, we don't trust ourselves enough to make good choices. We don't depend on ourselves because we don't know ourselves well enough and we don't really love ourselves. And quite frankly we haven't thought about ourselves long enough to find out who we truly are in the inside.
If we form the habit of going along with whatever others think is best for us, or whatever people tell us to do, we will never know who we truly are. We will end up living to please others and living up to their expectations and according to their belief system. This behavior is one of the main causes of unhappiness. Many people feel unfulfilled because they are living for someone else and not for themselves.
It is a real blessing to have friends, family members, mentors and other people in our lives who love us, advise us and care about our well-being. But when we depend solely on their understanding in order to make up our mind, we cripple our own understanding and we negate our innate ability to be creative, original and productive.
Today ask yourself, who am I? what gives me a sense of joy? what do I like to do? Consider writing down your personal thoughts in a journal. Make it a habit to write down the things that you are interested in, the places you would like to go, some of the things you would love to do. Don't worry about the means, but dream and dream big.
This is a good practice in finding out your true identity and your life purpose. Most importantly you will discover what you enjoy to do so that you can do it! Only then will you gain the confidence that you need in making your own choices.
The past is long gone. Even the past few seconds are no longer here. Seeing in the past is not seeing at all. Living in the past is not living at all. The only true time there is is the present moment. Embrace the present moment. Be mindful of the now.
Bless the past and watch it go, then focus on the now. Contemplate the future and see endless possibilities, then focus back on the now. Now is all that matters. Now is all that you really have. Now is your ‘present’; it is a gift, therefore cherish it. Now is "TIME" fulfilled!
When you bring your conscious awareness to the present moment, which is the only reality there is, you are taking charge of your reality and you are creating the experiences that you deserve now and not some time later. The consciousness of the present moment enables you to connect to your innermost being, the creative part of your soul, where you may commune with God and co-create with Him the life that you deserve. And you can only do this in the "now".
Eternity is in the heart of Man and eternity is the unfoldment of the present moment. Eternity is the realm of endless possibilities; it is God Domain and Man’s inexhaustible Supply. Ask and you shall receive. There is a supply for every need.
Your ‘now’ determines your ‘later’. What you create in the now will determine what you will experience later. Let your "now" be productive. Seeing in the past and being anxious about the future rob you of experiencing the Joy of the present moment.
In the present moment, practice divine communion. Receive divine guidance. Connect with your Source. Receive all your supplies. See all your needs met. Though they may not be visible as of yet, but see your desires fulfilled, see your wishes come true. The present moment quickens the eye of your faith where you are able to see your good prior to its TANGIBLE manifestation.
“Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them”.
Practice saying to yourself, now is the time fulfilled, I bless the past and I let it go. My future is bright and I am on my way to it. I am here, speak Lord thy servant heareth. Practice makes perfect. As you continue these meditative affirmations you will begin to experience a surge of emotions that arises in your heart; it is joy inexpressible. It is something that results as Man’s soul communes with God.
Let today's practice become part of your daily thoughts and meditation. Whenever possible escape your daily routine even for a few seconds or minutes and practice being in the "now', which is being in God’s presence; Love's Presence. In His presence there is indeed everlasting Joy!
Mrs. Dagba is the Co-founder of Earth-Link, Earth-Light, Minister of the Divine Source Ministries, Writer and Founder of Divine Peacefulness and Director of the Woman's World Chapter, a Division of Earth-Link Earth-light Projects and Vision. Mrs Dagba is Married to Alain M. Yaovi Dagba and is a mother of three.
I find peace - I find peace in you In your bosom I find peace I find peace in your shelter I find peace in your presence Your heart is filled with love and kindness and ...
Consistency - Imagine if we forgot to take care of our personal hygiene every day; or imagine a mother forgetting to feed her child. Or what if we forgot to go to work...
God is Truth - "God is Truth. Knowing truth is knowing God as he is known by his son. Out of his substance all things are a made..." -Alain Dagba (Excerpt from his book P...
Thanks you for visiting Ticket Triangle! We have a one of the largest selections of Charles Lloyd concert tickets with some of the lowest prices on the Internet. If you would like to attend a concert tour or to view concert schedules and information, Ticket Triangle is the place to visit. We have been in business and online since 2005 and have served hundreds of thousands of customers.
To order concert tickets online visit one of the urls above. We sell tickets to all types of concert and events.
TicketTriangle.com is a premier site for tickets on the Internet! We sell tickets or any other concert and other events throughout the country. We can put you and your family into the best seats for the concert of your choice.
Tough to find concert tickets and seats for many other world tour concert or event are offered here. We sell some of the best seats available, including front row and sold out tickets, and many of our tickets are cheap, inexpensive and a good bargain. Many of the tickets we sell are for sold out Charles Lloyd concert tickets. Order your discount tickets through the Ticket Triangle website any time.
Memphis daily appeal Memphis Tenn 1847 1886 June 09 1858 from greer flooring memphis , source:chroniclingamerica.loc.gov
Attorneys in Violation of Judiciary Law 468 a for Failing to from greer flooring memphis , source:docplayer.net
Public Ledger from Memphis Tennessee on January 22 1872 · Page 4 from greer flooring memphis , source:newspapers.com
Memphis Daily Appeal from Memphis Tennessee on December 28 1858 from greer flooring memphis , source:newspapers.com
sophisticated what colors make grey inspirational green colors for bathroom 10 diy bathroom wall […]
home powered subwoofer amazon acoustic audio aat1000 tower 5 1 home theater speaker 10 best home […]
refinish hardwood floors diy cost pros and cons of bellawood flooring from lumber liquidators 24 […]
In Internet Explorer 6 on Windows XP: Click the 'Tools' menu. Select 'Internet Options' from the menu that appears. Click 'Delete Cookies' on the dialog box that appears. It will be in the center area of the 'General' tab.
In Internet Explorer 7: Click the 'Tools' menu. Select 'Internet Options' from the menu that appears. Click 'Delete...', beneath 'Browsing History' on the dialog box that appears. It will be in the center area of the 'General' tab. Click 'Delete cookies...' on the next dialog box that appears.
In Firefox: Click the 'Tools' menu. Select 'Options' from the menu that appears. From the dialog box, select 'Privacy' on the left. Find 'Cookies' on the main pane, and click the 'Clear' button adjacent to it.
In Safari: Go to Preferences, Security, then show Cookies and either select 'Remove all' or select individual cookies and then the 'Delete' button.
In Opera: Go to Tools, Preferences, Advanced, Cookies, Manage cookies then select the name of this site and click the 'Delete' button.
When Amberlyn Reilly loses her mother, her whole world comes crashing down. Having been caretaker to her for most of her teenage years, Amberlyn is inexperienced in many aspects of life. She hasn’t had time to live, have fun, or enjoy even the little things. It’s only when a letter from her mother, asking her to fulfill three things, sends her off to Ireland to live a life she never thought possible that she begins to heal.
Declan O’Callaghan was born and raised in Ireland and has his family’s legendary whiskey in his veins. He’s shy and not a fan of the pressure and spotlight that comes with his family name, or the title he was given at birth—the Whiskey Prince. Declan knows just what he wants and that is to take over the family dynasty, but when his father gives him an ultimatum, everything he’s worked for could come undone in the blink of an eye.
With six months to get married, the reclusive Declan spots Amberlyn across a lake and instantly feels the need to know her. Soon, the two find themselves traveling down a path neither expected. However, like any road, there are bumps and side streets to derail them. Can Declan help find the pieces that will make Amberlyn whole again? And will Amberlyn stay or run when she learns of Declan’s deadline of marriage?
There are multiple SEO techniques available for us to use and we could also take advantage of many tools in the market. Basically, SEO specialists could work with dozens of different techniques to achieve their goals. Here are a few of them 1. Add Meta Keywords We could use meta keywords tags to allow search engines obtain additional text that they can use to identify our pages. Meta keywords tags
The SEO industry is highly competitive and there are rampant deceptions that we need to be aware of. As professionals and clients, we need to address them. Business owners need to be fully aware about things that they will get when they hire an online marketing company. SEO professionals typically provide basic SEO services, social media marketing and link building. In order to make sure that we get reliable SEO
Obesity is a problem which is becoming more and more prevalent across the world today and is affecting young, old as well as children. It is affecting poor as well as affluent. As the income levels are increasing and life styles are changing, eating out is becoming a more predominating phenomenon. With the ever increasing exposure to media through which the fast & junk foods are being advertised like never
Panda and Penguin updates have struck many website owners without warning and some of them are struggling to regain their former positions. There are many things we could do to address this situation and one of them is by performing various on-page techniques. To get more fans, Buy Facebook Fans an efficient strategy at a very reasonable cost to bypass the time required to acquire fans by sheer effort. This
In a nutshell, linkbuilding is a technique of acquiring links from other websites with relevant topics to ours. In general, instead of capturing direct traffic to our websites, linkbuilding is more about enhancing our rankings in search engine results. Gathering links from reputable websites is a technique used by many SEO professionals. However, common techniques can be rather tedious, if not daunting especially for those who just get started in
There are a lot of different dimensions to health and wellness. Everyone tries to strive for good health in their daily lives, not only to feel and look better, but also to live longer. Many people tend to focus on one aspect of health at a time instead of trying to be healthy in every aspect. For example, a person may focus on exercising a lot to get in great
We all know that camping is an exciting activity and it is often the most affordable way to release stress. We could be exposed to many things during our travel and the nature could dominate us while we stay outdoors. We should have proper camping equipments and kits while we camp. First-time campers should know about things that they need to carry. This will ensure a relaxing and exciting trip.
It is important for every new entrepreneur to ensure that there is constant cash flow into the business and these needs to be the very first priority. For startup entrepreneurs and one of the most common and biggest mistake that is committed by the individual is to place the other goals of the business much ahead of the organizations cash movement. Things to Understand It is necessary to spend adequate
There is a beautiful monument in Rome. This monument was not open for public. This golden palace was built by Emperor Nero to himself. He builds this palace when half of the Rome was destroyed by fire. Fortunately this masterpiece is open to public now on weekends. Though the renovation of this palace is not finished yet it is open to public now. The main palace House of Gold or
Google has been around for more than a decade and its powerful algorithm is continuously updated. As a result, many previously effective linkbuilding tactics have been rendered ineffective. As a result, many website owners find their website rankings plunge in terms of search rankings. Their somewhat spammy techniques have cost them immense traffic and profitability: Here are common obsolete linkbuilding techniques that we should avoid: 1. Forum Signatures Forums signatures
Check out the original post and podcast at The Psych Central Show When we think about post-traumatic stress disorder, our minds typically imagine war veterans or perhaps police officers and firefighters. Sometimes we’ll think of people who endured something horrible, such as a terrible accident, a home invasion, or other shocking events. But few of usRead more about Podcast: Can Children Really Have PTSD? By The Psych Central Show[…]
Marble Stone Non-stick Cookware collection has become one of our most popular and best essential cookware for your kitchen When you need a true non-stick Fry Pan, Wok, Rice Cooker pan, Comales, Griddles or Cooking Pots you will find the value in cooking healthier meals because you won’t need to cook with excessive oil, butter, or fat. Everything slides right out of the pan! Your clean-up time is also cut in half because you won’t be required to scrub and scrape off the frequent messes off your non stick cookware. Marble Stone Nonstick Cookware can also be purchased with lids we will now offer the 3/1 Cookware lids that fit sizes from 22 cm to 28 cm. and from 28 cm to 32 cm. thus we will ship out these lids free when you order a complete set of fry pan or woks your choice, create your ultimate cookware arsenal.
My editorial photos have been published by the Guardian, The Times, Daily Telegraph, Daily Mail, Daily Express, De Morgen, The Week, Wired Magazine and National Geographic News.
Its important to note that there is no one raffle idea that is best for every situation.Ticket prices are in the 10 to 100 range and proportionate to the prize or prizes offered.You will find everything you need to know (and then some) about organizing a successful gift basket raffle..
Were also happy to answer any questions you may have about our products or about how to build the perfect playground.Miracle Playground frontline plus rebate 2017 Equipment Sake.Our commitment to quality ensures that kids get the most of their experience in every environment.About 41 of these are playground, 12 are..
2DayFM hosts Dan Debuf and Maz Compton werent sure where to put the one they rescued from the scrap heap.All Pokémon Go landmarks are based on Ingress portals, so the gamer decided to make a buck from his blue cotton coupon code 2014 inside knowledge.Exclusively portraying the Toadfish at the..
If you notice a code that isn&apos;t working please downvote that code and it will be automatically flagged.
Lightwater Valley have events and rides ranging from Mini Adventures to Mega Adventures and Kids Pass are getting an exciting new offer!If you need something a little less intense then there are plenty of hhgregg promo code february 2016 water rides and standard rides suitable for families.Visit The Enchanted WoodBarn on any Tuesday (excluding 2nd Jan 2018) between now and 6th February and get two child entries for the price of one!Although the early bird catches the worm, for all those late 2nd sweep 41 weeks pregnant risers, you will be able to claim a brillaint discount on Drayton Manor tickets soon!Unfortunately we have recently sold out of Drayton Manor tickets, where 3,000 lucky Kids Pass members were able to hit the rides.Want to buy now?Home, travel, greenWood Forest Park, you Might Also Be Interested.It&apos;s now easier than ever to redeem a voucher code from our website.
Fancy a bit of an adrenaline kick?Your code will be applied and the amount for any eligible items will be automatically!Discover the Enchanted Wood Barn, full of the latest indoor play.TO claim offer click here, oakwood Theme Park, travel through time and space at Oakland Theme Park and treat the children to an amazing day out.Discount, valid Until, code Working, yES.TO claim offer click here, greekwood Forest Park.Our Members get access to some fantastic offers like.
From the outside, Spicers Balfour Hotel resembles many of the large and beautiful classic Queenslander homes found in its neighborhood, the fashionable inner-city Brisbane suburb of New Farm. But inside it holds a secret - spacious rooms each with their own unique design, come together in an eclectic contemporary European design that is chic yet comforting, modern yet warm, and stylish yet quirkily individual. The hotel offers the
From the outside, Spicers Balfour Hotel resembles many of the large and beautiful classic Queenslander homes found in its neighborhood, the fashionable inner-city Brisbane suburb of New Farm. But inside it holds a secret - spacious rooms each with their own unique design, come together in an eclectic contemporary European design that is chic yet comforting, modern yet warm, and stylish yet quirkily individual. The hotel offers the discerning traveler a new, surprising environment that will fast become addictive in a fabulous location just minutes from the airport and CBD. Welcome to Spicers Balfour Hotel, your intimately unique escape in the city.
Australia's northern most resort, Lizard Island Resort is located right on the Great Barrier Reef, fringed with coral reefs and 24 powdery white beaches. Outstanding in every respect, the unique pleasures of Lizard Island have created an idyllic retreat known as 'one of one'. Spectacular diving and snorkeling opportunities abound, including the famous Cod Hole, where you'll come face to face with a massive, yet curious Potato Cod swimming right up to inspect you with child like curiosity. Discover secluded, pristine beaches by foot or by motorized dinghy with a gourmet picnic just for two. Try bushwalking, sailing, fishing, glass bottom boat trip (additional cost), or perhaps indulge in a pampering treatment at the luxurious Azure Spa. Dining is another of the many pleasures here. The menu, which changes daily, is fresh and creative, showcasing the finest local produce.
Australia Zoo full day tour. Take the scenic trip to Australia Zoo on the famous Sunshine Coast, home of the Crocodile Hunter. Australia Zoo is a must see holiday highlight for all visitors with more than 1200 animals from around the globe, daily shows and a state of the art, wildlife preservation hospital.
A fine selection of wine, beer, spirits and champagne. Additional charges apply for cellar wine list, premium spirits and private dining arrangements
Last week Google announced a new feature for its mobile email app, Inbox, which would automatically suggest short replies to incoming messages. Called Smart Reply, the new feature harnesses Google’s cutting-edge machine intelligence to present three short replies based on the context of the message. The user can then choose one and go, or add more information as necessary.
The new Smart Reply feature is expected to be available for both Android and iOS versions of Inbox as early as next week. The feature works by scanning the incoming emails and then using machine learning to formulate a natural language reply. Google notes that the more you use the feature, the better its suggestions will become. According to Google, most of the early suggestions will be basic things, such as "thank you" and "how about tomorrow?", but the system is capable of replying with 20,000 different phrases. More about the new feature and its underlying technology is available on Google's Research Blog.
"If the screen blurs or the quick actions pop up, you're pressing too hard. Lighten up and try again. You'll get the hang of it, it just takes a little time."
Woman's Foreign Missionary Society of the Presbyterian Church (Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A.)[remove]81
You searched for: Creator Woman's Foreign Missionary Society of the Presbyterian Church (Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A.) Remove constraint Creator: Woman's Foreign Missionary Society of the Presbyterian Church (Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A.)
The news is out. Christendom is dead. Christians are no longer the moral majority but the missional minority. How should respond? How shall we live? I want to begin a series of articles where I attempt to answer some of these questions. To begin, I want to focus on the words of Jesus near the end of His earthly ministry as He prayed to the Father on behalf of His disciples (John 17). When we consider the content of His High Priestly prayer, we discover both indicatives regarding the state of His followers in the world as well as imperatives on how they should walk in the world. In the midst of these two aspects of our Lord’s teaching about the relationship between His people and the world, we learn that there is one over-arching purpose for Christians and our relationship with the world.
While this might be obvious to the reader, the point is that Christians are not physically separate from the world. Christians are in the world in the sense that they occupy the same space, go to the same markets and interact in the same society as non-Christians. They are not people who form their own sub-cultures or ghettos to avoid the world. They recognize where God has placed them and do not run from that reality. They are relatable, accessible, and approachable to those in the world in normal, ordinary ways (e.g., friend, neighbor, coworker, classmate, teammate, etc.).
Christians do not belong to the world. They are not longer conformed to the values and ways of living common in the culture and society around them. They belong to the kingdom of God and therefore have a new identity and loyalty to the King and his kingdom. Therefore, while they are in the world, they do not belong to our embrace the world as those who do not belong to Jesus Christ.
It stands to reason that if Christians are not conforming to the world and its ways, the world would mock, ridicule, detest, and hate the counter-cultural ways of Christians. Therefore, as Jesus says, His followers should not be surprised that the world hates us. The world hated Him first and crucified Him for who He was. In a later epistle, John wrote that the whole world lies in the power of the evil one (1 John 5:19). The strong distinction of being in the world and not of the world causes Christians to be hated by the world who does not accept the King in whose kingdom we gladly live.
Jesus knew His followers would be hated by the world. He knew there would be consequences and a high cost to identifying with Him, and yet Jesus asks the Father that His disciples would remain in the world that has a predisposition of hatred and contempt. Christians do not compromise or conform to the world due to this hatred because that would be a denial of our identity. We do not retaliate with violence or acts of force, because that would be a denial of His sovereignty. Rather, we respond like Jesus and suffer the hatred and mocking and contempt as the glory of God is put on display in our trials. By remaining in the world, we love those who hate us, bless those who curse us, and give our lives away for those who have not given their lives to Jesus Christ.
There is a temptation that every Christian will experience when faced with the reality that they are called to remain in a world that hates them. Should I embrace this suffering? Can I just retreat and retrench and wait for His return? The answer is clearly no. Jesus has sent His disciples into the world, and this speaks of a mission. The suffering Christian is sent to present Christ through their witness as an offense without being offensive. We do not shrink back due to the forces of hatred but press with greater, more powerful forces of love and compassion. In the same way that darkness cannot overcome light, even death cannot overcome His disciples because Christ has taken away its sting and no long has victory of us.
In and through all that Christians are and do in the world is the fundamental purpose of seeing people come to repent and believe in Jesus Christ. Jesus indicated in His prayer that there will be those who believe in Him through the gospel proclamation of His disciples sent into the world to be hated and suffer for His name’s sake. Christians do not exist to mark time. We exist to see His kingdom come, and our existence is laced with a passion for seeking first that kingdom in all things and with all people, knowing we have a king so worthy of having worshippers from every generation and every nation, tongue, and tribe gathering around his throne.
Every Christian needs to know who they are, what they are called to do, and why they live in this particular way in the world. In this conversation of the Son with the Father, we get a clear picture that should become the mirror in our morning to remind us of these realities and responsibilities. The great assurance we have in this life is knowing these realities and responsibilities are comprised in a prayer that will never go unanswered, so let us so live, move, and have our being in Christ until the world sees, hears, and believes in Jesus as Lord!
[A version of this post originally appeared on The Christward Collective, a group blog where I am a contributor.]
P&P Vault Select Month August 2016 (1) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (4) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (3) July 2015 (3) June 2015 (2) February 2015 (2) December 2014 (4) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (6) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (5) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (9) August 2013 (9) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (21) December 2012 (14) November 2012 (14) October 2012 (13) September 2012 (19) August 2012 (17) July 2012 (14) June 2012 (10) May 2012 (33) April 2012 (16) March 2012 (9) February 2012 (20) January 2012 (12) December 2011 (16) November 2011 (12) October 2011 (16) September 2011 (30) August 2011 (23) July 2011 (32) June 2011 (24) May 2011 (22) April 2011 (26) March 2011 (29) February 2011 (14) January 2011 (18) December 2010 (25) November 2010 (34) October 2010 (13) September 2010 (12) August 2010 (11) July 2010 (7) June 2010 (9) May 2010 (12) April 2010 (28) March 2010 (27) February 2010 (16) January 2010 (11) December 2009 (5) November 2009 (9) October 2009 (17) September 2009 (23) August 2009 (29) July 2009 (19) June 2009 (11) May 2009 (7) April 2009 (19) March 2009 (20) February 2009 (24) January 2009 (15) December 2008 (34) November 2008 (22) October 2008 (22) September 2008 (31) August 2008 (14) July 2008 (22) June 2008 (55) May 2008 (43) April 2008 (37) March 2008 (41) February 2008 (63) January 2008 (48) December 2007 (48) November 2007 (47) October 2007 (56) September 2007 (54) August 2007 (57) July 2007 (39) June 2007 (35) May 2007 (56) April 2007 (25) March 2007 (35) February 2007 (45) January 2007 (39) December 2006 (30) November 2006 (20) October 2006 (36) September 2006 (60) August 2006 (41) July 2006 (27) June 2006 (50) May 2006 (37) April 2006 (42) March 2006 (52) February 2006 (32) January 2006 (24) December 2005 (21) November 2005 (41) October 2005 (46) September 2005 (44) August 2005 (33) July 2005 (20) June 2005 (21) May 2005 (25) April 2005 (11) March 2005 (12)
On the dark streets of Draiga, a mining colony occupied by the Visray Empire, lives Azura, the last of a fearsome warrior race known as the Sarnians. After witnessing her once beautiful home world turn into a lifeless husk, Azura must fight to the death in the gladiatorial ring to stay alive. Meanwhile, a group of human freedom fighters form a resistance, seeking to try and protect their families from the oppressive and cruel rule of the Visray Section Commander Sorrentine. Unbeknownst to Azura, the fate of all humans on Draiga is about to rest in her hands. Can she survive long enough to save her colony?
Stand out in the ranks of St. Louis Cardinals supporters in this Majestic #4 St. Louis Cardinals Red 2018 LLWS Players Weekend Yadier Molina Yadi T-Shirt with your favorite hat.
You will without a doubt need to be properly equipped for the 2018 LLWS Players Weekend of the year. Grab this St. Louis Cardinals Majestic Red #4 Yadier Molina Yadi 2018 LLWS Players Weekend T-Shirt to ensure you remember the big game forever! Bolstered with vivid screen print graphics of both Yadier Molina nickname and number this shirt will make sure you're prepared for game day.
The Headline reads “Washington State House Approves Ban on Nonstick “PFSA” Chemicals in Firefighting Foam.” PFSA chemicals are suspected in contaminating ground water and causing cancer. What the article left out, is that these chemicals are used in Class B Foams and are NOT in Class A Foams. https://toxicfreefuture.org/washington-state-house-approves-ban-nonstick-pfas-chemicals-firefighting-foam/
Another detailed article identifies the problem to be in AFFF foams. – Read on for more on the Class B Foam controversy – https://theintercept.com/2018/02/10/firefighting-foam-afff-pfos-pfoa-epa/.
The A-Foam Authority sponsored Class A Foam & CAFS Symposium. scheduled for September 28-30th in Cleburne, TX has been rescheduled to March 8-10, 2019. Full Details are available HERE – A FOAM ACADEMY.com!!!! Please check back frequently for updates and future programs!!
The A-Foam Authority is a non-profit trade association organized to promote a focused effort to deliver accurate, common information about the benefits of Class A foam. Our intent as an association is to take all the knowledge our industry has to offer and convey it in an objective way to allow for pressure-free education of this method of firefighting.
To protect the integrity of the site and content, this site is for MEMBERS ONLY. However, membership for Individuals, Firefighters and Fire Departments is FREE.
Join the A-Foam Authority today to gain access to publications, editorials, test results, technical papers, and more!
Error: Unsupported get request. Object with ID '492506067447424' does not exist, cannot be loaded due to missing permissions, or does not support this operation. Please read the Graph API documentation at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api
Comparison of west side story and romeo and juliet juliet and maria both come from families that hate each other's boyfriend's families something that makes juliet different from maria is that juliet dies and maria lives. The winner of 10 academy awards, this 1961 musical by choreographer jerome robbins and director robert wise (the sound of music) remains irresistiblebased on a smash broadway play updating shakespeare's romeo and juliet to the 1950s era of juvenile delinquency, west side story stars natalie wood and richard beymer as the star-crossed lovers from different neighbourhoods--and ethnicities. The students really enjoy finding the parallel characters while watching west side story (after reading romeo and juliet) the essay outline is very detailed, which my students needed, but can be modified to fit the needs/levels of your students. The old moulin rouge (later the aquarius theater and more recently lots of other things) did a stage version of west side story sometime after the movie came out. Title: pages / words: save: a comparison of romeo and juliet and west side story there is a lot in common between the two plays romeo and juliet and west side story.
Comparing romeo and juliet by franco zeffirelli and west side story in my opinion, i prefer west side story to the romeo and juliet movies and play its still cheesy like the rest of them but its different and unique, still representing romeo and juliet in a way. An english/ims 171 project, mashing west side story and romeo and juliet in order to compare and contrast, as well as highlight the timelessness of each of these stories. A comparison of scenes from west side story and romeo and juliet cinematography the scene before the meeting scene in west side story maria spins around in her dress the camera then carries on spinning which creates a colourful blurred effect on the screen. Are you writing a high school essay tony and maria fall in love they come from rival gangs: tony is best friends with riff, leader of the jets, maria is sister to bernardo, leader of the sharks.
A comparison of romeo and juliet and west side story there is a lot in common between the two plays romeo and juliet and westside story the main male characters have many things in common. I've been a big fan of the west side story film since i was very young when i saw it on stage for the first time a few years ago on broadway, i was very confused by the positioning of cool and. In west side story however, the story is about two gang members (both from the shark clan and the jet clan), on opposing sides that fall to a plummeting hill of love, fighting for the ultimate high status of the city.
West side story is a musical with a book by arthur laurents, music by leonard bernstein and lyrics by stephen sondheim it was inspired by william shakespeare's play romeo and juliet. West side story is an american musical written by arthur laurents, music by leonard bernstein, lyrics by stephen sondheim, and choreography by jerome robbins it is said to be a rendition of shakespeare's romeo and juliet west side story and romeo and juliet have a number of similarities and. Comparison of west side story and romeo and juliet west side story's characters have a number of similarities with the characters from romeo and julietthe characters are: romeo and tony, juliet and maria, mercutio and riff, and tybalt and bernardo. The characters in west side story were gang members who would pick a fight with anyone and were very ruthless the characters in romeo and juliet are sophisticated they are feminine compared to the cruel characters in the gangs of west side story.
Title: pages / words: save: romeo and juliet vs west side story above, i named a few of the many differences between william shakespeare's romeo and juliet and ernest leaman's movie, west side story. West side story essay) presented on this page should not be viewed as a sample of our on-line writing service if you need fresh and competent research / writing on shakespeare essays, use the professional writing service offered by our company. The outsiders and west side story the outsiders is a leger about two gangs living in the same city westerly fount story is a book with the same concept with two gangs that argon archrivals. West side story anaylsis limited time offer at lots of essayscom we have made a special deal with a well known professional research paper company to offer you up to 15 professional research papers per month for just $2995. A comparison of romeo and juliet and west side story there is a lot in common between the two plays romeo and juliet and west.
Some similarities between west side story and romeo and juliet include: both include weddings, despite characters knowing each other for a very short amount of time relationship is forbidden. In west side story they couldn't possibly get married but they do have a scorching love affair that they try to keep secret the hate between the two groups (sharks and jets) was modernized as racism and not as many of the main characters die in west side story as they do in romeo and juliet. In west side story maria and tony are together in the outsiders nobody is together in the outsiders johnny and dally die and in wws three people die. West side story is a beautiful work of art the music, lyrics, and choreography are all terrific the music, lyrics, and choreography are all terrific the male dancing is strikingly masculine and virile, an expression of the strength and energy of the young men who make up the rival gangs.
West side story opened at new york's winter garden theater on september 26, 1957, and has remained in the repertory ever since the film version of 1961 was a smashing success, earning 10 oscars, including best picture.
West side story without a soul is a very sad tale, indeed flawed, it definitely was, partially saved only by the outstanding choreography from start to finish if ever there was a show in musical theatre where the triple threat was vital to the it's success, then west side story has to be it.
West side story is one of those films that just blows you away because it is so infinitely and magnificently stunning it's mesmerizing, powerful, stunning, poetic, beautifully filled with art, moving, lovely, and downright beautiful. The way i see it, west side story´s music is easier to enjoy and understand than the poetry in the play, but some of the themes haven´t aged all that well the poetry can also distract from the emotions conveyed and the characterisation, whereas the music almost always draws attention to both. A comparison of romeo and juliet and west side story there is a lot in common between the two plays romeo and juliet and west side story the main male characters have many things in common.
Please rate your experience on davisplus from 1 to 10, with 1 being extremely unsatisfied with your experience and 10 being extremely satisfied with your experience. Colle davis is an executive coach to senior executives in fortune 500 companies and startups he is available for board of director and board of advisor positions in addition to coaching leaders in business, colle davis' is also a well-rounded entrepreneur, a widely published author, inventor of a popular patent-pending technology, and the.
Rita davis resume (2) 1 rita davis 700 walnut ridge dr , apt c2075 irving , tx 75038 email: [email protected] 469-682-0077 career objective a vital role in helping to deliver a superior customer experience and to insure support,service and devotion to provide the appropriate balance of oversight, guidance and assistance to companies in. Resume thomas g davis 6702 dunes lane temple terrace, fl 33617 813-985-8457 page 1 of 2 education phd, civil and environmental engineering. Christopher davis resume 2 (2) home documents christopher davis resume 2 (2) post on 16-apr-2017 31 views category: documents 7 download report download. So, 15-20 years down the line, if davis doesn't ever become more than a 12-15 ppg, 10-12 rpg, 2 bpg player at his peak, then i could see his nba career overshadowing what he accomplished in college and winning a gold medal before his rookie season.
Tayonna davis resume 2 ﻿tayonna n davis 13717 beachwood avenue cleveland, ohio 44105 (216) 835-3001 [email protected] objective to work towards achieving the greater success in my career through hard work, consistency and the ability to work with others to achieve organizational goals, aims and objectives. Teyonah parris, actress: dear white people teyonah parris is an actress and producer, known for dear white people (2014), chi-raq (2015) and they came together (2014. Pioneer review, august 15, 2013 uploaded by surfnewmedia he will resume chemotherapy soon bryan and tayonna arthur. She is a supporter of the florida sentinel bulletin community hour of power the community hour of power bible prayer meets each thursday morning at 10:30 am this is a group of god's children gathered together on one accord to learn the word of our father.
If you are a registered member of uc davis, you can see more information about the new site features by signing in to your secure uc davis account, and then clicking on page settings and selecting help/tour again. View essay - davistayonna_week3completeassignment from eng 101 at cuyahoga community college week 3 tayonna davis ratio and proportion q# 1 problem solve the proportion: x/2 = 5/15 x= 2. Pga sample resume 5 jason x davis pga professional 1158 east sycamore st, north cerrito, ca 94530 (510)123-4567 [email protected] reference page. ﻿tayonna n davis 13717 beachwood avenue cleveland, ohio 44105 (216) 835-3001 [email protected] objective to work towards achieving the greater success in my career through hard work, consistency and the ability to work with others to achieve organizational goals, aims and objectives. Grade one high honor roll noah belgin evan cunningham connor ferris hannah gitimu gavin.
Meko davis makeup & hair stylist genealogy roadshow 2 - pbs cutting it in the atl - wetv meko davis resumedocx created date: 6/2/2016 5:27:55 pm. Actress viola davis was born on her grandmother's farm, at the then-singleton plantation in st matthews, south carolina when she was two months old her family moved to central falls, rhode island, where her father, dan davis, worked as a horse groomer and trainer. Dena s davis presidential endowed chair in health—humanities/social science professor, department of religion studies lehigh university 240 maginnes hall, 9 west packer st.
We would like to show you a description here but the site won't allow us. Cliff davis resume mission to manifest cultural repair by maintaining a connection to nature and nurturing that connection in others as well as establishing healthy relationships in community. View homework help - shakeela davis_resume 2docx from ba 3300 at university of houston, downtown dear hr recruiter, based on my expertise in analytical thinking, leadership, attention to.
Finalize your letters of recommendation, resume, cover letters and writing sample contact career services to schedule a meeting with alison shinsato 530-752-6574 complete your spreadsheet and submit to [email protected] Derwin james 2018 player profile, game log, season stats, career stats, recent news if you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in the ultimate fan experience. University of california at davis bookstore, davis ca.
the creation of new allele combinations through the crossover on the phenotypes of fruit flies and i
System reliability, safety and failure management are important details when products are designed. No matter the operating condition or environment, the product should implement technology to maintain stable operation. In case of unavoidable faults, failure management should implement functions with highest regards to the safety of personnel, machine, and product. Many advanced features to quickly detect and safely react to these situations are designed into DMM products.
If the received packet data or CRC is not correct, the servo drive has unique algorithm to still allow reliable, uninterrupted operation. Within 2.5ms, the servo will be stopped if an irresolvable number of errors is detected. Very high encoder feedback reliability is maintained after checking the CRC code.
DIPM has dedicated hardware control logic circuit for over-current monitor to detect internal or external abnormal/short circuit. Once abnormal current is detected, the hardware logic circuit will disable the module within 10µs. Response is faster for sharper rise of collector pulse current (short circuit case).
This dedicated hardware circuit responds independently from servo control software to achieve highest priority to safely shut down DIPM as fast as possible. The drive, motor and external components are protected from possible damage, shock or other hazards.
By calculating the power transferred to motor by the servo drive over a continuous period of time, then evaluating whether the output power exceeds the rated power, we prevent motor and drive from over-power and over heat-failures.
An advanced output power monitor does not interfere with instantaneous peak output of servo motor, which can be up to 3 times rated output. It balances short, high spikes with long continuous draw to maintain continuous operation, while still allowing servo motor to operate in peak torque region.
The integrator in the servo maintains the following error to be zero, for almost all times. If any abnormally large external disturbance, or any other reason causes motor position error to be too large, the servo algorithm detects and assert alarm.
If, over a certain period of time, the difference between command position and real motor position is over 90deg, the "lost follow" failure will be asserted in the servo drive and a corresponding "lost phase" alarm will be triggered by servo drive.
During motor deceleration, mechanical energy will become electrical energy. In the DYN4 servo drive, this boosts the internal DC bus voltage. If the internal DC power voltage exceeds threshold DC level (~380VDC), the external regenerative resistor circuit is turned on and extra energy is dissipated. If the internal voltage level is over ~420VDC for a specific period of time, servo drive alarms over-voltage and shuts down.
Long massage sex videos zurich porno Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Skip to content Many of the girls work part time in Tallinn and part time in Finland or Sweden. Kamasutra sex positions videos The other one, Seraffimo, hes the brother I work. Transvestiitti seuraa thai huora, open minded Slovak escort girl available in Zurich, Switzerland. There was a crash, and a tearing noise, and a confused heap of everybody on the ground.
If you still have problems, please let us know, by sending an email to support@tophockeycards.com . Thank you!
Boolean value indicating that the application can (True) or can't (False) use the PlayChapter method.
Create the file objects to be used in the compression process. This is the meat of the class. Here, the decisions are made regarding how the compression will be done as this needs to be determined prior to creating the file objects.
The philosophy of the gzip.GzipFile and bz2.BZ2File classes is that they open a GZip or BZip2 file for reading or writing as if it were a normal file. Any (de)compression is done transparently. This allows for a simpler programming interface as the classes need no extra methods called except read() and write().
This is a composite task. It iterates over its “task_list” and feeds the output of each step as input to the next task.
This method is intended to prevent both pickle errors and triggering problems with the Oracle object cache leading to erroneous query results in the AWE prompt.
In a composite entry, i.e. Reduce>Coadd, for each step the same options will be used. However they can be filtered to exclude all options that are not understood by (any of) the next processing steps. I.e. the overscan correction option that can be used for Reduce can better be removed for the subsequent steps.
Return a list of option dictionaries, suitable for each step of the task_sequence. Options not recognised by a step are discarded for that step
This method is used to retrieve the result from executing the task. This result should be a list of instances of one of the many sub-types of DBObject. The method is abstract
Returns a list of objects which are the results of the processing done by this task. Note that objects must have been committed for this method to work.
A sequence identifier is the first argument given to the dpu.run() method. It defines which task(s) is (are) executed.
Returns all recognized options for the first task in the sequence of tasks defined by the sequence identifier.
Print all recognized options for the first task in the sequence of tasks defined by the sequence identifier.
This class is used as a frontend to “run” processes (tasks) on the local machine in the same way jobs are run using the dpu.
This class is used as a frontend to “run” processes (tasks) in a distributed fashion, for example on the HPC cluster in Groningen. This class uses the HTTP frame work (“Distributed Processing Unit”) coded for this purpose (see common/net/dpu*).
The Processor makes a connection to the specified DPU, schedules tasks for processing and then starts these processes. Output messages from the DPU may be printed on standard out, and written to a log file in the local directory.
Processes can then be started by calling the “run” method and supplying a task identifier argument and options for that task:
Get logs for finished jobs or the job identifier(s) specified. Logs are printed on stdout and written to file.
Q = QUEUED : # of jobs in the queue R = RUNNING : # of jobs currently being processed F = FINISHED : # of jobs finished processing N = NORMAL : # of jobs finished normally A = ABORTED : # of jobs aborted by the cluster E = ERROR : # of jobs ending with an error S = SKIPPED : # of jobs skipped U = USERABORT : # of jobs aborted by the user
Wait for either the specified jobs, or all your known jobs to finish. This method is useful when using the dpu / Processor class in a script.
Count the total number of jobs inside the joblist and refuse to process them if the total is more than nmax (default 1000). Goal is not to overload the queueing system.
Group jobs by type: ‘IND’, ‘SEQ’, ‘SYN’. Then take max DPU_TIME for all IND jobs (they run independently of anything) and add all SEQ and SYN jobs.
Xml file (or string) is parsed and ouput is a Python object Element, which can have Element children, etc … The xml attributes and character data is stored in Element.
If follow_symlinks is not set and src is a symbolic link, a new symlink will be created instead of copying the file it points to.
The destination directory must not already exist. If exception(s) occur, an Error is raised with a list of reasons.
If the optional symlinks flag is true, symbolic links in the source tree result in symbolic links in the destination tree; if it is false, the contents of the files pointed to by symbolic links are copied. If the file pointed by the symlink doesn’t exist, an exception will be added in the list of errors raised in an Error exception at the end of the copy process.
The optional ignore argument is a callable. If given, it is called with the src parameter, which is the directory being visited by copytree(), and names which is the list of src contents, as returned by os.listdir():
Since copytree() is called recursively, the callable will be called once for each directory that is copied. It returns a list of names relative to the src directory that should not be copied.
The optional copy_function argument is a callable that will be used to copy each file. It will be called with the source path and the destination path as arguments. By default, copy2() is used, but any function that supports the same signature (like copy()) can be used.
This is commonly everything needed to clean up a filename read from a configuration file, for example.
The elements of the list are path objects. This does not walk into subdirectories (see path.walkfiles).
the file. The default is None, meaning the content of the file is read as 8-bit characters and returned as a list of (non-Unicode) str objects.
Recursively move a file or directory to another location. This is similar to the Unix “mv” command. Return the file or directory’s destination.
If the destination is a directory or a symlink to a directory, the source is moved inside the directory. The destination path must not already exist.
A lot more could be done here… A look at a mv.c shows a lot of the issues this implementation glosses over.
If ignore_errors is set, errors are ignored; otherwise, if onerror is set, it is called to handle the error with arguments (func, path, exc_info) where func is platform and implementation dependent; path is the argument to that function that caused it to fail; and exc_info is a tuple returned by sys.exc_info(). If ignore_errors is false and onerror is None, an exception is raised.
the file. If present, the content of the file is decoded and returned as a unicode object; otherwise it is returned as an 8-bit str.
Set the access/modified times of this file to the current time. Create the file if it does not exist.
This performs a depth-first traversal of the directory tree. Each directory is returned just before all its children.
Return a datetime object for the date described by the given absdate (the number of days since January 1, 0000, an int or float), and optionally the abstime (number of seconds).
Return a sorted list of objects based on a given set of property names. If multiple property names are given, sort first on the first property name, and where multiple objects exist with the same first property name, sort by the second propertyname, and so on.
objects is an iterable of objects with persistent properties that can be sorted using rich comparison operators (>, <, >=, etc.)
Compress a list of strings retaining the first string followed by the unique portion of the remaining strings separated by separator.
the type will be determined as the minimum type required to hold the objects in the sequence. This argument can only be used to ‘upcast’ the array. For downcasting, use the .astype(t) method.
if __array__ returns a copy, obj is a nested sequence, or a copy is needed to satisfy any of the other requirements
This method returns the fractional number of seconds since that date. I.e. this is minus the integral number of days since that date.
Calculates the fractional lunar illumination (FLI) based on the Moon phase. The fli is about 10% off compared to Ephem. This is due to factors that are not taken into account here, such as the distance to the Moon etc.
Loosely follows tempfile.mktemp syntax, but constructs a name based on the current time (seconds since 00:00:00 1970-01-01 UTC) with microsecond precision followed by a 6 character random string. This should virtually guarantee temp-name uniqueness. The returned string has the following form:
If dir is not None, it will be supplied with a trailing ‘/’ if one is not given. If suffix is not ‘’, it will be preceeded by a ‘.’ if one is not given.
Returns a list of lists, which together contain all the items in “alist” where all but the last list have length equal to “group_size”.
Changes a list of numbers into a list of ranges with an increment of 1. A range is a tuple of two values, the first the starting value, the second the final value of a range.
Return a function to sort a list of objects based on a given set of properties. If multiple properties are given, sort first on the first property, and where multiple objects exist with the same first property, sort by the second property, and so on. For example:
objects is a list of objects with persistent properties that can be sorted using rich comparison operators (>, <, >=, etc.)
Give the difference between two sets of coordinates in units of arcsec. This is used to calculate the arcsec to move from coordinates (ra0, dec0) to coordinates (ra1, dec1), where the positive directions are North and East.
string, or cast -0 as a float (i.e., ‘-00:01:00’ or (-0.0, 1, 0), but not -0 or -00). If you don’t, the parser will not see it as negative and your Dec offset will likely have the wrong sign.
Open a file from a (un)compressed file and return the file object. Currently supports GZip and BZip2 archives and regular files.
Convert one (RA, Dec) coordinate into the corresponding (alt, az) coordinate with the help of HA (LST - RA) and latitude. HA can be supplied directly (in which case RA is redundant) or calculated. LST can be calculated with the help of MJD (or dt) and longitude if necessary. (alt, az) is returned in degrees above the horizon and degrees East of North, respectively.
Sorts the matched lists in the input dictionary by the value in the first key, and where multiple entires exist with the same first key value, sort by the second key value, and so on. Return a copy of the input dictionary sorted as specified.
This photo remodel front of house has been submitted by author under remodel front of house ideas, remodel front exterior of house, remodel exterior house ideas at June 30, 2018, 11:31 am. You could browse remodel front of house ideas, remodel front exterior of house, remodel exterior house ideas and remodel front of house before and after 7 sensational porch additions addition porches or even more useful articles in interior design furniture group.
If,like Pac,Marvin will take the stick exercises religiously and won't give up, i gonna support him again.
Marvin has given up on himself before anyone of us did. Tell him to get up on his feet first, then we will take the path together with him.
I see where people would get discouraged with his ill adviced actions of late, and I would be too. It's just that, there is so much potential with this young man, more than the other talented prospects out of the Philippine boxing scene. Here's one where we don't have to discover him or look for him, he is already here just waiting to be developed into a well honed, highly skilled fighter.
As I have been saying, all he needs right now is a proper upbringing, if you will, the right coach and manager and maybe a sports psychologist to initially help get him off his boxing depression. Marvin needs people who really truly cares and can impart in him much needed boxing skills and savvy to help him get back on track and to the top of his profession.
I'm sure many will agree with me that Marvin got the "gift". But he is still this raw potential who needs much work with the right people. Isn't it just amazing that this young man won a major belt, a World Championship, while literally being a "one handed" fighter like our beloved Manny Pacquiao was ages ago? But after teaming up with Roach.... the rest as they say, is history.
I just hope Marvin hasn't really given up on this sport that he loved dearly. I just hope people hasn't really given up on Marvin either.
Marvin has all the potentials to be a good champion. He should never be blamed. He's just 20yrs old. His handlers should have known better.
Except that he was not properly managed. People simply forget this. I will never be tired of repeating this.
Before Sonsona was fed to Vasquez, he had a record of 14-0-1. With only 15 fights, Sonsona should have been prepared first before fighting Vasquez who had a record of 62 fights (54-6-2) with 41 KOs Experience should be given due to Sonsona and other "upcoming boxers."
The recent promotion he is doing now is on a little known 'Ardin Diale' who will be fighting reigning WBO flyweight Champion Julio Cesar Miranda on February 12, 2010 in Guadalajara , Mexico. Even if Diale wins this (fluke win), he won't last because he won't be prepared for more great fights.
Pacman start also in Philippines with our local trainers... same as the ALA boys... But when the Chance came to him to have a fight in America. HE gave his very best to achieved IT. he did not blow it up..
di na kawalan yan sa boxing!....we have so many potential future champions that are physically and mentally better than marvin ...
The 2018–19 NBA season will be the 73rd season of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The regular season will begin on October 16, 2018, and end on April 10, 2019. The playoffs will begin April 13, 2019, with the NBA Finals concluding in June. The 2019 NBA All-Star Game will be played on February 17, 2019, at the Spectrum Center in Charlotte, North Carolina.
"bu bu but it makes the league better" - what tha fucll better, it makes your asshole better, to fk, with lube, whoever you are sayin that.
mmyeah, that doesn't work out man. We tried and hoped with Eddie Jones in England. The fkr just made them the best team on the planet, besides the AB of course, in like, a week and a half. Didn't even try and take his time even, you know. This shit don't work man. GSW gon be brutow for 82 games, bust everybody's butts for probably the first two post season rounds, and then the season actually starts. They can play with dildos up their asses the whole game they'll still score twice as many as the opponent on average. And with Steve Kerr enjoying the sight on the sideline getting inspired for his HT wank...
Not NBA but UCLA are supposed to be relevant this year, they got an incoming freshman who is considered the #1 PG prospect, Lonzo Ball - the oldest of three brothers, all of whom have committed to UCLA I believe. He led Chino Hills HS to an undefeated season and the California state championship last year:
Gonna take in some games as always, so far got tickets to the Spurs @ Kings, Villanova-St John's @ MSG and the NCAA tournament games in Sacramento.
I'm not sure what to make of the Thunder - there's just so many question marks about the roster. They could win 35 games... they could win 48. I am immensely looking forward to seeing how it all pans out, and with very little expectations this season, I'm more relaxed than usual!
I'm looking forward to Westbrook going beast mode this season now that Durant is not there to slow him down, this is Westbrook team now
mmyeah, that doesn't work out man. We tried and hoped with Eddie Jones in Miami. The fkr just made them the best team on the planet, besides the AB of course, in like, a week and a half. Didn't even try and take his time even, you know. This shit don't work man. GSW gon be brutow for 82 games, bust everybody's butts for probably the first two post season rounds, and then the season actually starts. They can play with dildos up their asses the whole game they'll still score twice as many as the opponent on average. And with Steve Kerr enjoying the sight on the sideline getting inspired for his HT wank...
Davis Bertans looked nice in that little 5 minute cameo at the end. Where do the Spurs find these guys?
Good to see the Warriors get humbled in their first game. Even if I expect them to dominate later in the season once their combinations develop.
I'm a fan of Stephen A Smith, don't get me wrong I disagree with most of what he says but he's an entertaining loudmouth who is smarter than people assume. Intrestingly he usually is the one who is always supporting players and defending them and their decisions so it takes a lot for him to reverse that position on a matter.
Though I won't say I disagree with him here but I also don't agree. The mental strength of todays players is clearly weak sauce compared to generations past and far more selfish even if they are publically "nicer" and less bas boy like. Though Durrnt is a case of mental weakness, always indecisive and a victim, trying to be one thing like I don't care bad boy to trying to be the nice boy done good. But frequently being a moany whiner about fair media questions and stories. I used to love him but I'm really rather cool about him these days. He wants everything to go his way and is really thin skinned.
The interesting thing is will Durrant affect the team chemistry? Adding a better player can remove effectiveness of other players and team synergy. I say that because Durrant and Westbrook never really "got it" and team play goes. Sure they gave the other one their dues and time witht he ball. Both were exceptional individuals, but you never felt they were the sum of the parts or could make their team mates be better.
The thing is with Durant (I have watched a shit load of his play in the last 3 years) is that he does not move off the ball and despite his length he can be a shit defender at times. He is basically a better Carmello Anthony with a worse attitude.
Klay or Dray's usage is going to go way down as Durant will eat up plenty of shots; how that is managed by Kerr will be fundamental to how their season goes offensively.
But it is defense that is going to kill them. While Durant will get plenty of boards, they generally aren't contested. Their interior defense is woeful, Green lacks height and Zaza is woeful, Bogut made Green look good, but Bogut is now in Dallas. Curry is going to have to defend more and he has trouble staying in front of his man, the more he defends, the more tired he may get and this may affect his offense.
I'm a diehard Knicks supporter, but if he came here, I'd prolly find another team. Such a dickhead and a terrible example for kids
Knicks are not a super team going by the loudest sources. ESPN doesn't even have them in the playoffs lol
I love how, just listening to these idiots on TNT, "no one in the media had San Antonio playing this well, it was all about Golden State"
They will be a good regular season team, GSW, but for the playoffs, facing probably Spurs/Clippers/Blazers/Jazz, need a better defensive centre than Zaza (who is a decent positional and post defender, but woeful help defender / rim protector) and Anderson "Queen of the flops" Varejou
Around March the media will figure out just how good Bogut was in Kerr's motion system and defensively. He covered up sooooo many perimeter breakdowns cause Curry gambles alot
I just saw the boxscore of the OKC v 76ers game. OKC aren't going to do well long-term by relying on Westbrook to get triple doubles every game.
The young Lakers side won the first game of the season. They've nearly beaten their record from last season already.
50 point & 16 rebound game for Anthony Davis in a Pelicans' loss. It sounds like he was outstanding.
Russ got 18 trip-dubs last season. He'll need to keep packing the stat sheet for the Thunder to make the playoffs this season.
Happy to get the win yesterday, but they have a lot of work ahead of them - which is entirely expected, given the roster overhaul - which is far from done, I'd wager.
Anyone less interested in the NBA these days ? I don't mean on the macro scale like before VS now, I mean just from last year to this year. The Spurs, "my team", beat up the Broken State Worriers as I like to call them, ha ha hilarious I know, and I couldn't even bother to look up the highlights. Well, that's also due to the fact that nba.com is the single worst official website to a major sports league of all time these days, they can't be fkd to even fix that video highlights issue outside the States, from here in France you get an error page every time lol, apparently something to do with time zone, ridiculously pathetic.
I dunno, it'll be more of the same won't it... I mean the teams that suck, SUUUUUUCK, I've no clue who the fk plays for Milwaukee or where the hell those Pacers are at now for e.g., and the teams that are good have aaaaall the good players, always been that way sure but this is just another level, and everybody shoots threes... I dunno. And I'm tired of the Bron-cock riding. I was a Bron supporter when everybody was on Kobe's cock and I thought he was getting tons of unfair hatred, but since he started serendipitously winning titles everybody's been deepthroating the man beyond common imagination of the human anatomy.
Dwayne Wade made a statement in the first game for his hometown Bulls. Maybe one of only a few this season.
Buddy really needs to hit the ground running in this league. This teams in desperate need of outside shooting with all the double and triple teams on AD
I hear OKC play the Warriors tomorrow. It will be interesting to watch Westbrook's reaction to Durant on the court.
Ubisoft Toronto has partnered with Interactive Ontario to provide game development students and graduates with a meaningful foothold in their video game careers through paid placement at our studio. Dubbed the “ipprenticeship Program,” participants spend one week meeting with, and learning from, professionals in their desired fields through shadowing and one-on-one meetings with key team members, while networking with industry experts in the process. For new voices in video games, the ipprenticeship Program is a great way to break into the industry.
In 2017, we welcomed two women to the studio for the inaugural Women in Games ipprenticeship. We were so thrilled by the experience that in 2018 we expanded the program. This year we offered two spots as part of the Women in Games ipprenticeship and two spots for the brand new Black Youth ipprenticeship Program, in our ongoing goal to highlight emerging talent who are currently underrepresented in the industry.
Last week, our four 2018 participants joined us at Ubisoft Toronto for their week-long ipprenticeship.
Coley is a level designer completing her post-grad at Sheridan College and recently released atmospheric puzzle game Golem with Longbow Games.
Lauren is an aspiring UX Designer and a recent graduate of Sheridan College’s Game Design program, with a background in interaction and game design.
Stevie Ray recently completed his first year at Sheridan College’s Game Design program. He has a strong background in graphic design, and is working towards a career in game UI/UX design.
Danielle is an emerging game UX researcher. At this year’s Level Up, her team showcased their game Chiaroscuro, on which she acted as producer and UX designer.
Coley: I wanted to see what it was like to be a Level Designer at a triple-A company—and what a Level Designer means at a triple-A company. I found it means a lot of different things depending on the project you’re working on, and the role you’re in. My goals are to develop and design spaces for more open world environments—especially since I am coming from a small scale indie with more linear experience, and I wanted to branch out my skills.
Lauren: My main goal was to see what UX designers do here, and see what I’m missing. How I can tailor my skills and figure out how to be on the same page? UX design is not as prevalent as it could be in every single studio.
Stevie Ray: It really does help by giving me a direction, reassuring me on my skill set, and showing what I can achieve when I get out of school. Directly seeing what they do, what they work on and how their process works, you can have that in mind while you’re in school, and be like: “Okay, these are the things they do, these are the tools they use, the talents they value” and you can cultivate yourself.
Danielle: The most valuable thing was getting to see how the user research team does what they do—their set up, what types of tests they might set up for different goals. I really just enjoyed chatting with everyone, even if they weren’t directly related to UR. It’s fun to talk to people who are experts in their field, and passionate about what they do. That passion is infectious, and it makes you want to be the best that you can be.
Lauren: Very active! We’re lucky because we’re at Sheridan College, so we have a lot of back and forth with Ubisoft. We’ve had them come in for talks, we’ve also seen them at events. And I feel the same way when I come here. Everyone is really welcoming and very nice.
Stevie Ray: I have no prior experience with Ubisoft or any game studios. Initially I didn’t know what to expect. What came to mind was something super corporate, super busy, just on a computer all the time “I gotta get this level done, I gotta get these programs done, I gotta get this art done” but I get here and everyone is casual, but professional.
Coley: My impression of it before was a lot more corporate. When it comes to roles, I feel like Ubisoft, values design positions. Design is such an important part of game development and it’s often overlooked.
Danielle: There’s this idea that it’s such a huge company, and such a huge network of studios that it’s like trying to steer a massive freighter—but you still have a bit of a freedom to pick your own ideas or try something. There is a lot more communication that happens between closely associated roles but even just people in general that surprised me and I’m happy to see it.
Thank you to this year’s participants! To learn more about the ipprenticeship Program and how you can apply next year, visit: https://interactiveontario.com/programs/ipprenticeship-program/
"For Your Encouragement.com" is a web site designed to encourage you in your daily living. It is sent to twenty six hundred recipients on a weekly basis ranging from pastors, missionaries, church denomination, businesses, & friends and family. Please be encouraged in your walk as you serve Him.
NFL - Super Bowl College Bowl Games College Rivalry Games CFL - Grey Cup NFLE - World Bowl USFL Championship
All logos/helmets are the property of their respective team/league. Totalfootballstats.com presents these logos for historical purposes, and in no way purports to act on behalf of the trademark owners. All rights remain with the owners of the marks.
On every special occasion, Google celebrates via doodle, today too, google is celebrating Father's Day via Doodle. On Father's Day, Google made a doodle using 6 cartoons, showing how a father is raising his son by teaching him. Father's Day is celebrated every year on the third Sunday of June. Father's Day was started in Washington, USA in 1924 when the then president Calvin Coolidge announced it on the third Sunday of June. Many e-commerce companies have also brought schemes to celebrate Father's Day and through these schemes, people are buying many things from cards to mobile.
Select a password security question: -- Select a question -- What is your favorite movie? What is your favorite pet's name? When is your anniversary (mm/dd/yy)? Who was your childhood hero? What is your favorite sports team? What was the name of your middle school? What is your father's middle name? What is your favorite teacher's name? What make was your first car or bike? What was your high-school mascot?
We'll keep your information private. We respect your privacy, and will not divulge this information to anyone else.
Minnesota rock-tribute band plays Prince — in blackface — at the State Fair in Prince: Music and More
Article: Peer Into PRINCE'S Genius With "Why The Butterflies," an Unheard Early Demo in Prince: Music and More
Let’s Help WB/The Estate: What unreleased track could make some noise on radio and the charts? in Prince: Music and More
Is the Estate ashamed of "Times Squared", "Carmen Electra" and "Child Of The Sun" (or just clueless)? in Prince: Music and More
Here is information about customize your B series firmware.. This forum is NOT FOR USER questions or problems but DEVELOPER.
I don`t know full your model number, not only the first part, if it CI model, you could use FFB (look at my signature).
FFB (v0.8), FFB for CI+ . Get root on: C series, D series, E series, F series, H series. rooting K series, exeDSP/exeTV patches[C/D/E/F/H]
You`re running app from TV, but might not from ContentLibraryManager/Games but from ContentLibrary/Games . That`s all.
After TV restart port is closed and if you need telnet, you have to run 1e '' Run Run this Telnet Enabler'' again.
if you do that, the goal is just enable hidden firmware that exist on tv. But you must be sure you have upgraded firmware at least once.
Your browser does not seem to support JavaScript. As a result, your viewing experience will be diminished, and you may not be able to execute some actions.
Our product Package meet all regular installation requirment , if you has Special Requirement, he can buy the special screw form homedepot.
Yes, the light fixture is come from China. We are offering 30 days warranty for the light fixture. If you dont like it, you would please return it back to us for refund.
All the table lamps from Lightingbox site are either wired switch or built-in the lamp switch. We don't have wireless remote lamp available.
can be widely used on almost any lamps, remote control through mobile Apps on your phone! Switch on/off, adjust any color, or effects. also can be used as bluetooth speaker to play music!
INSTEON products: you can find the build-in wall plate switch which also can be controlled wirelessly on your phone.
We are quite sorry that we currently do not have the item you are looking for. Our purchasing department is looking for the suitable suppliers. Once we got it, we will update our website and notify our customers.
Hi, you should be able to install it without an adapter bracket. There are 30 days warranty if the product is defective. If you don't like the item then there is a 10% restocking fee. See more return information from this link:
Your order is awaiting process in our Montreal store, processing time can take up to 24-48 hours. Once processed the delivery time can take anywhere from 1-4 business days to Ontario.
If you have any other questions or concerns do not hesitate to call our toll free number 1-866-979-7463 during our business hour. Monday to Friday from 9am until 5pm.
After verify with our product team,the lamp is provided with a light source. There is no bulb ,it is Led patch.
It means new items have never been opened or used and include the original, undamaged packaging. The term “Open Box” describes items whose condition can range from used to new but may have been opened or unwrapped. Or may be returned by someone because they don’t need it, but never used.
But we have other promotions or discounts. Please feel free to contact us if you're interested in our products.
The angle is adjustable, you can adjust to any direction you like. It is without power cord, you need connect it to the electrical box on the wall.
warm yellow light . Downy light let a space full of warm and romantic color.Metal fixtures are detailed,durable fashion and beautiful.
It has crystal material, iron arms andfabric shade . very simple design. and suit for different styles of decoration .
No. That is 1 light bulb per item, you might have confused the item quantity with the filament quantity, filament are the wires inside the light bulb that lights it up.
No worries. Modern Lighting C6022C5 have CSA listed. All the electronic parts of our lamps have CSA/UL certification.
A NOTE FOR OUR EXISTING CUSTOMERS: this forum is hosted on an independent system, so if you would like post a question, you have to re-register your email in the forum system. Sorry to bring you inconvenience. Most of your product questions posted in this forum will be replied by our services or technicians in 1 business day, and you will be notified by email of our replies.
Copyright © 2015 SHOPPER+ Canada Inc. Our company is one of the best online sources for Canadian to shop for discount printer ink and toner, printers, office supplies, HDMI cables, Networking cables, iPhone Cables, HDTV wall mounts and more home accessories. SHOPPER+ Family includes 123InkCartridges.ca, PrimeCables.com, PhoneGala.com, PhotoGear.com and LightingBox.com, 5 sites in 1 cart, easy shopping, easy checking out. FREE SHIPPING on orders over $49, for orders under $49, a flat shipping rate is $4.95. We deliver your order fast from our Montreal or Vancouver warehouse, mostly in 1-2 days.
Looks like your connection to Shopper+ Forum Canada was lost, please wait while we try to reconnect.
No, I would definately not buy anything if the price goes down. Remember the old adage Buy high, sell low.
Millions of people use online dating websites and apps to meet new people and engage in different levels of intimacy – from just chatting to casual sex to romantic relationships. With the rising popularity of various platforms such as Match.com, EHarmony, Tinder, and numerous others, the stigma that once existed around online dating has been greatly diminished. Even statistics show that the majority of Americans claim online dating is a good way to meet people.
But it’s still a relatively new landscape, where it’s crucial that we’re all well-informed and understanding of how we can navigate it responsibly. Here’s what you need to keep in mind regarding sexual health when meeting new people on dating platforms.
The concept of sexual health is often mistaken for only the physical aspect of health in regards to sexuality, such as the absence of an STI.
But the World Health Organization reminds us that sexual health goes much further than that, implying psychological wellbeing, freedom of choice, and the ability to have a satisfying and responsible sex life.
In the online dating culture, you have all the freedom you need to engage with whomever you want and however you want. And when you have this kind of freedom, it’s especially important to listen to your gut instinct and to be cautious when meeting new people online.
It’s easy to get caught up in all of it, which makes it even more important that you fully acknowledge what you want and what you don’t want – regardless of how the person you’ve met will react. Listen to your innate needs, take care of yourself, and don’t let yourself feel pressured at any point.
Online dating is there to make things easier and more enjoyable for you, not to become a burden on your well-being.
A lot of people are hooking up through dating platforms, as the medium makes meeting new people much faster and more convenient. The math is quite simple – the more casual sex there is, the more STIs are likely to be circulating.
This is nothing new, as STIs are more widespread than you might expect. There’s just too much stigma around them so you can be sure that nobody is going to explicitly tell you they have an infection when they meet you.
The only way to stay safe from STIs and maintain your sexual health responsibly is by using condoms – every time, no matter what.
This is especially important to take note of among the older demographic, where there’s still a common misconception that there’s no need for condoms if you can no longer have children. Regardless of fertility or other forms of contraception you might be using, condoms serve to protect you from STIs, and both sides of the relationship should have them around.
A lot of people rely on drugs or alcohol to ease into the situation and “loosen up” when meeting someone new. Again, you have the freedom to do whatever you wish – just make sure that you own it, that you have the confidence and your best interests in mind.
Overdoing it with either of those two will definitely cloud your judgement – and that’s where it will be difficult for you to keep your best interests in mind. Whether it’s engaging with someone you don’t actually feel that comfortable with or forgetting to use a condom during sex, clouded judgement increases the chances of turning an otherwise pleasant experience into a sour one.
The rising popularity of online dating is no coincidence. People feel comfortable with these platforms, and they present a convenient and exciting way to meet potential partners and like-minded people. But as more and more people use online dating apps, there’s a whole new dialogue opening up around sexual health and safety. Whether you’re entirely new to online dating or have an established profile, keep these points in mind to make sure that you navigate the landscape to your best interest.
feeling good, from the inside out. If you’ve got a problem or a tip email me! Be sure to Like and share on Facebook or Follow on Twitter or Instagram.
alcohol to ease into the situationalways use protectionbe cautious when meeting new people onlinebest interests in mindburden on your well-beingCaitlin E.can no longer have childrencasual sexcommon misconceptionconcept of sexual healthEHarmonyforms of contraceptionfreedom to do whateverguest bloggerHealth & Beauty Tipshealth tipshooking up through dating platformslifestyle tipsloosen upMaintain your good judgementmaintain your sexual healthMatch.commeet potential partnersmeeting someone newno need for condomsolder demographicon’t actually feel that comfortableonline datingonline dating is a good way to meet peopleOverdoing itpartner may have no ideaQuick tipsrelationship advicerelationship issuessex tipsSexual healthsexual health and safetysexual health responsiblysexual health tipsstay safe from STIsSTD’sSTI’sTia CristyTindertips and tricksTips for a healthy relationshipTips from Tiause online dating websitesusing condomsWorld Health Organizationyour best interest
Archives Select Month November 2018 (10) October 2018 (22) September 2018 (13) August 2018 (24) July 2018 (15) June 2018 (20) May 2018 (21) April 2018 (32) March 2018 (27) February 2018 (43) January 2018 (45) December 2017 (50) November 2017 (33) October 2017 (31) September 2017 (26) August 2017 (31) July 2017 (37) June 2017 (54) May 2017 (49) April 2017 (48) March 2017 (32) February 2017 (45) January 2017 (63) December 2016 (39) November 2016 (37) October 2016 (46) September 2016 (16) August 2016 (7) July 2016 (5) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (9) March 2016 (10) February 2016 (10) January 2016 (9) December 2015 (13) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (8) August 2015 (7) July 2015 (7) June 2015 (3) May 2015 (8) April 2015 (12) March 2015 (17) February 2015 (15) January 2015 (15) December 2014 (15) November 2014 (11) October 2014 (14) September 2014 (16) August 2014 (17) July 2014 (15) June 2014 (19) May 2014 (19) April 2014 (15) March 2014 (20) February 2014 (17) January 2014 (16) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (14) October 2013 (13) September 2013 (11) August 2013 (16) July 2013 (17) June 2013 (8) May 2013 (17) April 2013 (7) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (6) December 2012 (6) November 2012 (5) October 2012 (4)
Prevention, Tips and Remedy is what you find when you read Tips from Tia. Tia is Radio personality, with tons of answers and tips on Organic Beauty, Health, Life, Home and Sex. TipsfromTia.com; a place where you can trust the tip you're given, and not rely on a dozen different answers. Some Tips are decades old, and all I can say is it may be your grandmother's tip,but with more appeal! Tipsfromtia.com a source you can trust. Remember, looking good; feeling good.
Thank you for Visiting Tips from Tia. Looking Good and Feeling Good! LogoPhotos: JD Bennett and T. Cristy DISCLAIMERS: *Tips from Tia is a source of entertainment. If you have a medical problem, please consult your personal physician before or during trying any tips listed on this site. Tia, nor participants, company, advertisers or sponsors is liable for any reaction or interaction that may occur if using any Tips from Tia. ** Please seek medical attention if you have any allergic, harmful or any other negative reaction to any Tips from Tia. ***If you submit a question, tip or comment to Tips from Tia, you agree to forfeit your rights and it can be used on this site as well as other resources at anytime.
Free Download Printable Sample, Example & Format Templates (excel, pdf, word, doc, xls) calculate loan apr excel loan amortization equation excel
loan amortization excel online loan amortization excel worksheet loan amortization in excel loan calculator excel flat rate amortization schedule excel template download loan amortization schedule excel template download if you are an existing borrower or looking to finance your dream home or asset then it is very important to understand the details mentioned in the amortization schedule it might sometimes seem difficult to understand how your lender calculates the interest and principal repayment ponents in a monthly payment free loan calculators for excel vertex42 free excel based loan calculators including car & auto loans calculators home equity loan amortization and mortgage calculators loan amortization with microsoft excel in this tutorial i show how to amortize a loan and create a plete amortization schedule using microsoft excel or open fice calc i also show how to use conditional formatting to make the table better looking and more functional loan and borrowing calculators for excel spreadsheet123 loan and borrowing calculators intended to provide help when estimating the amount which you can afford borrow term and also the amount of repayments that you are able to make and how to pay your loan off faster auto loan calculator excel templates calendars auto loan calculator download a free auto loan calculator and amortization table for excel calculate your car payment and minimize interest loan repayment using excel
tags: calculate loan apr excel, loan amortization equation excel, loan amortization excel online, loan amortization excel worksheet, loan amortization in excel, loan calculator excel flat rate, loan calculator payoff excel, loan repayment using excel
Not sure where to put this, but I've noticed the Setup sheet section of the forum doesn't yet have the editible X12'17 sheet up, and even if I try to upload a setup on the X12'16 sheet, just gets an error as below (and it hasn't timed out)...
Training provider in Neath Port Talbot, South Wales. We are leading providers of training in First Aid, Advanced First Aid, Food Safety, People Handling, Fire Safety, Care Sector Awards, Train the Trainer, Health & Safety and Licensing.
This Peaceful Oasis offers secluded splendor, plus amazing views, seasonal streams, wildlife viewing and an impeccably maintained custom ranch style home with room to roam. Elegance, warmth and functionality blend to enhance your lifestyle. Master suite is amazing with picture perfect unspoiled views, french doors lead to the covered patio and pool area. Formal entry, living and dining rooms, plus large family room off dining area with vaulted ceiling. Enjoy weekend parties at the separate bar area for ease of entertaining. Office or 4th bedroom off entry. Slip into something more comfortable to enjoy the infinity swimming pool and count the stars at night. Covered patio, meditation garden, walking paths around this landscaped parcel, approximately an acre of the 4.53 +- parcel is fenced. Separate in law quarters currently used as an art studio, has a full bath, and carport parking. Located near Yosemite, Bass Lake, and just minutes to highway 41 for commuters.
Discover the magic of India in Luxury and Style with Custom made Private Guided India Luxury Holidays by Odin Tours | +91 9810594172
Tours from Delhi provides comprehensive travel packages in India. Working with a team of highly experienced professionals, we offer first-rate travel services throughout.
We specialize in tailor-made tour packages in India that meet even the most unique requirements of the travelers. An acute eye for detail as well as a swift and accurate understanding of your requirements is one of the major factors that set us apart from our competitors.
· © 2018 Tours from Delhi | Luxury Tours India by Odin · Powered by · Designed with the Customizr theme ·
Rechargeable: yes, via USB Number of batteries: 2 Battery lifetime: up to 50 hours in SLP recording mode
>> if you translate let say first 10-25 pages I can do Ukrainian versions on computer. Let see how kinds will like it and maybe then someone will volunteer to continue.
The holidays were approaching, and the Red Cross personnel naturally, rightly, had priority on the limited seating over the lowly journalist. http://www.oneghdhair.com But there was nothing in loved chanel outlet store shop in europa in all the I seem to have lost suspected, more than chanel outlet store shop in europa little troubled by it. http://www.lateuggboots.com The Kids Classic provides a range of the not the same thing color options and for that reason that a kid are able for additional details on experience in the field going to be the warmth and comfort concerning UGG a pair of boots even though matching whatever they you may have be the case wearing. ghd sale But where it is perhaps set apart most from the others is in its focus on a look that speaks to a kind of high-fashion street style that is many avenue blocks away from the Gap, and a much closer to neighbor to UK fixtures ASOS and Top Shop.. ghds We later found out they were from the fan-base in Valencia, Spain.
One park readily available to the community is the Thomas F. cheap north face jackets They have different and more brilliant idea on fashion design as I see from their collection which is so different and absolutely amazing. ghd purple indulgence styler I GOT STUDENT LOANS TO PAY BACK!!. ugg The most eminent fashion colored contact lenses are ocean blue and sea green. ghd hair straightener She doesn't bat an eye when getting a phone call from a gypsy bride who needs the biggest, boldest, best dress in just five days.
have been selected to invigorate their Dress Department and bring a whole new level of personal shopping service to you. http://www.manyghdhair.com I decided, after the incident with the jeans, that I could afford a cab to the airport rather than the A train. http://www.wellnorthface.com Passenger . ghd flat iron The main fabric of the dress is a navy metal blend fabric that I got at the Liday Baday Designer Fabric Showroom. uggs canada The.
I secretely wish I grew up in the seventies; there is something so whimsical and romantic about it. north face jackets It not just for the sake of being polite, it also makes you seem smarter and a lot more sophisticated in higher social circles or when you are talking to others in the fashion industry. north face sale I maniacally throw gasoline on the creative flames of my dedicated Toy Soldiers and I am honored to have been a catalyst to spark such smashing talent.. ghd hair straightener Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. ugg boots If you like the pattern, you will be more motivated to finish it..
And, no matter you are fair maiden or ripe female, and no matter you are a little girl or mature woman, it will be your taste.. http://www.manyghdhair.com nonude manachan kds Keep up the good work. ugg The style ornaments are constructed with cheaper as well as less useful materials such as base alloys, glass, plastic material, synthetic stone as well as wood.. north face He was a peculiar German, who had come to study at the Delhi School of Economics and stayed on to earn a comfortable living in the Press Department of the West German Embassy, fighting Communism (or at least, the Press Department of the East German Embassy). north face outlet French Seams were useful to seal off raw edges but take a lot of time to put in.
The fashion of youngster's jewelry plays a most important role in the growth of their personality and it also combines them with the group and setup their own single personality.. http://www.fitghdhair.com Employing state-of-the-art CAD programs, you be able to follow a step-by-step self-help guide to developing your own tailored units. ugg boots canada "We doubled down in this Series B due to GetJar's momentum as the leading open platform in the mobile apps space," said Rich Wong from Accel Partners, the company only major investor to date. http://www.wellnorthface.com Another strategy involved content that was, I suppose, technically on the though it was online help topics that got viewed in a browser. ghd gold classic styler Love Motels for Insects(March 24 June 10) is an outdoor light installation by Brandon BallengÃ©e for the Smithsonian National Zoological Park.
Her collection featured skirt and jacket combinations of lime, red, orange and fuchsia. north face uk Both a positive and negative aspect of online-only brands is their feeling of exclusivity you probably won see their signs at the local mall or their ads at the bus stop. http://www.lateuggboots.com A day in the life of Aspen Real Life.. ghd sale Plus, if you don feel like wearing a necklace that day, say because you got a scarf on and no one can see your necklace anyway, the hoop earrings will help complete your whole look.. uggs on sale Crew to Old Navy.
Below is a list of quick links you might find helpful. You may also try searching above or browsing a specific DEPARTMENT page or BOARD or COMMITTEE page.
The seven libraries in The Town of Barnstable are independent, private, non-profit corporations or associations that contract with the Town to provide public library services to the Town of Barnstable.
© 1996 - 2013. All Rights Reserved. Please review our Terms of Use, Mission Statement, and Privacy Policy.
It’s not just another shooting experience! Get rewards from a mine, craft in a lobby, play exciting mini-games like Cops N Robbers. Create your own clan, build a personal fort and combat on different maps day and nite on your mobile device.
This is a pocket edition for mobile devices. Now you have a perfect chance to battle with your friends, classmates and colleagues or anyone else around the world! You can create and customize your character using a special skins maker and then show off on the battlefield! It is an awesome pocket FPS shooter for all kinds of players!
• Varied weaponry, ranging from Magic Bow, Combat M16 Rifle, Golden Desert Eagle and Lightsaber to the simplest things, in case you want to butcher someone with a knife.
Show your skills and be the last survivor! Battle Royale mode presents you with large-scale battlegrounds full of rich loot and never-ending action. Feel free to fire everyone in sight in this madness with dozens of players!
In this story mode your character is “face to face” with hordes of zombies attacking you from all sides. A lot of enemies from cops & robbers to nurses and swat members! You have to wipe them out otherwise you are doomed!
Your only task is not an easy one - to whack all the monsters. Don't let the seeds of fear grown in your head. If you survive all the attacks of the dead, you'll face an EVIL ZOMBIE BOSS in this mod. Having made mincemeat of him, you open the portal to the next battlefields! Start your combat.
• More challenging gameplay: now you are not able to pass through enemies & different mobs. Watch out for narrow passages and lanes! There you almost have no chance to get out alive!
Make up your mind about the gun (though you may prefer a bow or a knife) and polish your killing skills! Perform at your best and share your high score on Facebook and Twitter!
Thank you for all the comments and advices, we really appreciate it. In this version we tried to fulfill your wishes. Wait for the next updates with new cool features!
Mo, our beloved Head of Community and a regular on our videos, met with Wargaming’s CEO to discuss the future of Wargaming and World of Tanks! During this interview we asked him a lot more of your questions! Watch this video to see his answers.
All in all not to bad a video this time round "yes Ectar I said that for real" just dont tell everyone so shhhhhh !!
im gona watch it again when im at home though so I can hear it again and in full with out headphones.... who knows I might find fault with it somewhere !!
To weaken or make less dangerous. Taken from the "Nerf" brand name, which makes sports equipment toys out of a soft foam (e.g., the Nerf football is soft foam rather than the hard leather of a real football). Used frequently in the context of computer game balance changes.
Is that the guy who drives a Lamborghini and sleeps, while the whole community waits for patches, fixes and features?
Fog of War - Some good toughts but I'm not sure Victor dares to comprehend the power of combined stupidity.
Mercenaries - great idea, but does it add any benefit? What if I am a member of another clan, I don't want to leave it, but I want to help my mates on other clans. What do I do?
Nerfs based on statistical data - You should discuss this in more details! People would enjoy it and probably quitely understand your steps. Some people just bitch on, but most of us would feel much better if we knew more details on such decisions.
Modified tanks and other vehicles - Good way to keep the game alive. You need them if historical battles are ever going to be part of WOT.
Commander Mode - Technical difficulties, sure... Like not allowing them in chat? please... Still it would be great if we could spectate or even control battles.
Use the 30 sec countdown for comms - believe me, I tried! Truth is, about 20% of the people don't even load until it's like 10 left. And then, most people just ignore comms. As it stands, the most frustrating part of the game is not missing a solid aimed shot, but waiting that 30 seconds before you can start rolling
You knooow, tank projects are kinda SECRET. I doubt that Japanese goverment are this open, even if it's about WW2 tanks. I am actually amazed that WG guys are trying so hard that they employ historians to find good tank projects.
But deeply there is something i don't agree with WG way of thinking, i mean the answer of the obvious number of arty problem is: we will nerf them enough so a lot of players will be disgusted about arty so we will have less arty in game...
I really believe that a deep problem in WG logic here. The answer of a problem can't be: "let's make arty (or any other tank) less fun" because the purpose of a game is to be fun ! SO a better answer might be: "let's make other tanks more fun" or "let's make scouts more profitable or better so we will have more scout to kill arties" or "let's limit the number of arties per game" (more waiting time maybe but you still have a good tank when you play it).
Also the nerfing of tanks based on statistic is an actual statistical mistake. Because if all tanks were perfectly balanced it will be statisticly correct than some have better win stats than others !
I believe our dear CEO hit a more accurate target when he quickly talk about some tanks that players use less and less.
When a lot of player just stop to playing a tank because it's no more fun, that's a real problem ! More important than hypothetical balance you'll never reach, because your objective is to provide a fun game not a boring balanced game...
So a tank with 75% win ratio but played only by 3 players it's a bad tank and a tank with 35% win ratio but played by a lot of player is a good tank...
Also the nerfing of tanks based on statistic is an actual statistical mistake. Because if all tank were perfectly balanced it will be statisticly correct than some have better win statistic than others !
I believe our dear CEO hit a more accurate target when he quickly talk about some tanks that players use less and less. When a lot of player just stop to playing a tank because it's no more fun that's a real problem, more important than hypothetical balance you'll never reach because your objective is to provide a fun game not a boring balanced game...
And that's wh they need to talk more about their statistics... I know I am interested in their metrics. Maybe players could comment on them and help them increase the fun factor of the game?
And if those tanks are so secret, they could have known that when they first mentioned other nations. Why not ask for material from the players then? It still feels an excuse, and that's my concern.
Invite one or more persons you want to have exclusive debate with by name. Only those whom you invite will be allowed to post here. Others will be removed if you ask the moderators.
I find it truly amusing when religious Christians condemn the secular ways every chance they got but then attribute all the advantages of secularism to Christianity whenever it suits them. They completely forget how extremely savage the Christians were until Europe finally rebelled against the power of the Church and curtailed it to within the confines of an evil sacred book known as the Bible.
Like I said, when I have time my next post will be about how supposedly religious Christians use the Bible to justify their crimes. But I was mainly thinking about the crimes against the others... but thanks to you Chief, you alerted me to add crimes of Christians against other Christians. This'll take me a while.
By the way, Winston. I have raised many points in my posts. The divinity of Jesus and Salvation were only two of them... It wasn't me who insisted on discussing these two points only.... anyway, suit yourself.
1) The theocratic power of the Christian Church WAS dismantled (a long time ago now). Why? Does it have anything to do with the fact that Christians acted hypocritcally against Jesus' teachings and thus had no real mandate for their tyranny?
2) This has NOT happened with the Islamic faith. Why? Are it's commands inherently violent and hateful in a prescriptive and persisting way meaning no reform is possible. Perhaps 'those who slay and are slain in making all worship for Allah alone' have a powerful justification within the Islamic texts to constantly wage war against and subjugate unbelievers? Forgive me for posting this point in this thread but it would be very disjointed to break the two up.
debunker wrote: Like I said, when I have time my next post will be about how supposedly religious Christians use the Bible to justify their crimes. But I was mainly thinking about the crimes against the others... but thanks to you Chief, you alerted me to add crimes of Christians against other Christians. This'll take me a while.
If they are supposedly religious ie hypocrites then why waste you time ranting about them? Do you like defending true Christians? Maybe you're secretly an Evangelical like me? Note: That was a joke and not a declaration of faith.
debunker wrote: By the way, Winston. I have raised many points in my posts. The divinity of Jesus and Salvation were only two of them... It wasn't me who insisted on discussing these two points only.... anyway, suit yourself.
Actually Christians did act hypocritically against Jesus teachings but that is NOT the reason why the power of the Church was dismantled. The people rebelled against the Bible without even bothering about the true teachings of Jesus. This reform was purely secular. If indeed it was a religious reform, then we wouldn't have seen Europe endorsing its loose moral values (as per Biblical teachings). The whole Bible was simply put aside.
First, posting this point in this thread about Muslims is very relevant to the subject at hand because you wanted to make a point by way of comparison which is valid (at least to me). Now, allow me to make another comparison of my own. The Hebrew Bible (perhpas the most violent scripture ever written) didn't prevent the Jews from completely adopting secularism. The Hebrew Bible cannot take credit for secularism in any way, shape or form. Why am I making this comparison? To point out the fact that non of the scriptures (OT, NT or Quran) allow for secularism. Secularism requires the will of the people to revolt against their scriptures. This comparison serves to assert my point that religious Christians cannot take credit for secularism. It was not an option for them as it was not an option for religious Jews and it will not be an option for religious Muslims. Secularism imposes itself on all religions.
Well, you raise an excellent point. Indeed there's no need to bring evidence as to how hypocitical Christians use Jesus' teachings in vain to justify their violence. But it's Chief who's interested in this. If he simply makes a similar statement like yours then I will not bother to rant about the hypocracy of Christians.
Others: Counter assertion with ample Biblical references <--- you mean: others evade the assertions.
Debunker: Restate initial assertion <----- only when the counter assertion is simply circular reasoning.
Others: Offer further references and analogies to explore other perspectives <----- more of the same circular reasoning.
Others: Yawn <----- I already said it, others could have moved to discuss other points but they got stuck only on two of them using more and more circular reasoning.
If the Christian texts encourage pasifism and a personal relationship with God, whilst 'giving Ceaser his due' then how is this incompatible with Secularism? There is no Christian law which is to applied to non-Christians. Wasn't America founded on those principles by both religious and non-religious people who fled the hypocritical theocracy of the European Churches?
debunker wrote: First, posting this point in this thread about Muslims is very relevant to the subject at hand because you wanted to make a point by way of comparison which is valid (at least to me). Now, allow me to make another comparison of my own. The Hebrew Bible (perhpas the most violent scripture ever written) didn't prevent the Jews from completely adopting secularism. The Hebrew Bible cannot take credit for secularism in any way, shape or form. Why am I making this comparison? To point out the fact that non of the scriptures (OT, NT or Quran) allow for secularism. Secularism requires the will of the people to revolt against their scriptures. This comparison serves to assert my point that religious Christians cannot take credit for secularism. It was not an option for them as it was not an option for religious Jews and it will not be an option for religious Muslims. Secularism imposes itself on all religions.
The reason why the OT didn't prevent the Jews from completely adopting secularism is because the violent passages are descriptive only. There was a period of conquest of the land of Canaan a very long time ago and that was essentially the end of it. By comparison the commands of the Quran are seen as absolute and eternal, Islamic law is to be forced upon non-Muslims by violence if necessary until the entire world is under its rule. The governments of Islamic nations with secular-minded leaders have always struggled (unsuccessfully) against the majority of citizens who simply can't get enough Shariah. The doctrine of continued conquest and subjugation is prevelant in the Islamic texts ONLY. Anyone can see this is being manifested all over the world wherever there is a Muslim population capable of fighting their non-Muslim neighbours.
Ok, you make almost perfect assertions. You neglected, however, to emphasize that Christianity orders its true followers to not resist secularism or any non-Christian authority. That much is very true. The key thing here is: Don't resist secularism. So again, I reassert my point that if true Christians could peacefully make people adopt true Christian moral conduct (no fornication, etc) then they would have done it. But secularism doesn't care what Christianity thinks about the boyfriend/girlfriend system for example... This to me is a proof that Christianity cannot take credit for secularism. Secularsism was enforced on Christians and true Christians abided by Jesus' teachings and gave Ceasar his due. Please forgive me for repeating myself but my objection was to how Christians take credit for secularism when they only "tolerate" it because Jesus told them to give Ceasar his due.
The reason why the OT didn't prevent the Jews from completely adopting secularism is because the violent passages are descriptive only.
There was a period of conquest of the land of Canaan a very long time ago and that was essentially the end of it.
Actually I can list some verses for the truly horrific Jewish version of Islamic conquest outside the Promised Land but I know you won't care for them. Anyway, let's ignore the Jewish conquest (of cities outside the Promised Land) and concentrate on the Jewish Law! Do you think it was descriptive too? Is that why the Jews don't stone people for going to work on Saturday these days? Or is it because they completely ignored their scripture?
debunker wrote: Ok, you make almost perfect assertions. You neglected, however, to emphasize that Christianity orders its true followers to not resist secularism or any non-Christian authority. That much is very true. The key thing here is: Don't resist secularism. So again, I reassert my point that if true Christians could peacefully make people adopt true Christian moral conduct (no fornication, etc) then they would have done it. But secularism doesn't care what Christianity thinks about the boyfriend/girlfriend system for example... This to me is a proof that Christianity cannot take credit for secularism. Secularsism was enforced on Christians and true Christians abided by Jesus' teachings and gave Ceasar his due. Please forgive me for repeating myself but my objection was to how Christians take credit for secularism when they only "tolerate" it because Jesus told them to give Ceasar his due.
Fair point. I'm not trying to give Christianity undue credit for secularism either, i'm just saying that it's teaching are compatible with it whilst Islamic teachings are not. It's the threat to my freedom which concerns me and Islamic conquest is the primary danger for everyone who values their freedom. Islamic conquest is intrinsically and permanently linked with the Quran and Hadith and so will always be a destructive and oppressive force as long as people follow these books.
Winston wrote: The reason why the OT didn't prevent the Jews from completely adopting secularism is because the violent passages are descriptive only.
You're right I wouldn't really care for them and nor do I care to defend those assertions you just made simply because (as you have said before) the Jews do not really follow the OT anymore. If there are indeed verses of conquest or violence which are to be followed for all time in the OT they are being (and have been) ignored for a very long time. Sadly, the same can not be said for the Islamic texts and people are suffering as a result.
Actually right now, dear Winston, the only conquest going on is American conquest... and that's why countries in "Old Europe" (France and Germany) objected to this.
Let me predict the future for you dear Winston. The whole world will make the Middle East its battle ground not because of the "Islamic danger" but because of the "Islamic oil fields".
So please stop playing the role of the victim when the leader of the civilized world is very much in the act of ravaging the Middle East (starting with Iraq). 65 % of the world's oil reserves is in the Persian Gulf! No wonder the Americans were so concerned about the Freedom of Iraqis!
Now you are sounding a bit more like a typical Muslim. Shifting responsibilities for the actions of Islamic jihadists and blaming America for everything may be comforting but it's not going to change the motivations of...
Different countries, different races, different languages but SAME religion and SAME goal, conquest and subjugation...Where did they get their ideas from?
Oh you missed my point I'm not shifting responsibilities... I'm only telling you don't worry. It is Muslims who are being conquered.
I'm not blaming their terrorism on the West. I'm just saying that their terrorism is NOT "why" the West is interested in the Middle East.
winston wrote: Now you are sounding a bit more like a typical Muslim. Shifting responsibilities for the actions of Islamic jihadists and blaming America for everything may be comforting but it's not going to change the motivations of...
Truly is really amazing I never knew all of those names about the Islamis terrorist movements. I do believe there are so many groups linked to one group or another. Thanks for your info
Never will the Jews or the Christians be satisfied with thee unless thou follow their form of religion.
debunker wrote: Oh you missed my point I'm not shifting responsibilities... I'm only telling you don't worry. It is Muslims who are being conquered.
You give the Mujahadeen little credit...they are making progress every day across the world now that they are being aided by a multitude of 'useful idiots' within the U.N.
You could be right about the Wests true interests in the Middle East. If you are, then we in the West are bigger fools than those who think the world will be at peace when Islam dominates it.
BTW, I know you are agnostic, but you seem to care about the Bible. Therefore, for you only, I'll stop criticizing the Bible. I will never criticize it ever again.
Hell no debunker, have at the Bible as much you want! If I ever really get round to studying the Bible properly i'll want as much ammunition against it as I can find for balance...and you provide lots.
well, regardless... you're previous comment has extinguished all the anger inside me. Thanks friend. Good Bye.
The page you have requested is available with a Premium Access Subscription (starting at just $1.59.)
Counter strike story start with half life modification first version counter strike is 1.5, counter strike 1.6 come after that in year 2000 first release and followed versions are Counter Strike Condition Zero, counter strike: source and counter strike: global offensive newest version.
Cloud hosting is a very popular Cloud computing based technologies which allows number of machines to run as one system. There are many other hosting solutions which depend on one machine only. But cloud hosting take responsibility to connect with lots of servers. Users need to setup a cloud hosting account to connect their self with multiple servers. To setup cloud hosting, first you must need to sign up with any cloud hosting provider. The process of setting up cloud hosting is very easy and simpler. But if you don’t know how to setup cloud hosting account, then go through the below steps:
· Step 1:- First of all, you need to go to any official website of cloud hosting. There are lots of cloud hosting websites that proffer best cloud hosting.
· Step 2:- After that, choose your cloud provider from Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Vultr and many others.
Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2018, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. Designed & TranZ By Almuhajir
If you are thinking about towing a trailer with a 1991 Jaguar XJ6 then it is important to know what your tow capacity is for your XJ6. Based on the Jaguar owner's manual the tow capacity for a 1991 Jaguar XJ6 is:
Notes: Jaguar has many towing restrictions. Consult a dealer for complete information. Requires trailer brakes. Maximum tow rating with unbraked trailers is 1653 pounds.
By using the Tow Capacity Look-Up Tool you are agreeing to Trailers.com Terms and Conditions. Trailers.com does not guarantee the accuracy of data given on the Trailers.com Tow Capacity Look-Up Tool, nor is Trailers.com liable for the accuracy or any injury, property damage, incident, accident or death related to any information that may be used from this search tool. Trailers.com highly suggested that prior to towing a trailer with any vehicle that you read the tow vehicle's owner manual that is printed from the manufacturer. Tow capacity ratings found on Trailers.com was generated using vehicle manufacturer data that is released for each model year since 1991. This data is not updated when a vehicle manufacturer makes updates to any of their tow capacity ratings and it may be required to have optional equipment and/or special towing packages to get the maximum tow capacity rating listed.
Canadian-born Wisconsin resident Julia Grace Wales was an English professor at the University of Wisconsin during World War I. Deeply troubled by reports of the brutal conflict, Wales formulated a plan to stop the fighting through peaceful means. Originally entitled Continuous Mediation Without Armistice, the plan proposed that the United States organize a conference of intellectuals from neutral nations who would act as mediators for the warring nations and who would devise a solution to the conflict without humiliation to any nation. In 1915, the recently formed Wisconsin Peace Party endorsed the plan and began distributing copies in pamphlet form. Wales' proposal became known as the Wisconsin Plan and within months, Wales was in the Netherlands, where the International Congress of Women unanimously selected the Wisconsin Plan as the solution to the war. Although President Wilson appeared initially interested in Wales' proposal, the sinking of the British liner Lusitania in March of 1915 led administration officials to back away from mediation.
Its founders were self-empowered, politically astute women who, in 1915, tried to get world leaders to mediate World War I. These women were also well educated, privileged, not timid and not enfranchised.
As national and international leaders of women's suffrage groups, including those from countries about to go to war with the United States, they wrote proposals for mediation as the alternative to war. Hungarian Rosika Schwimmer, organizer of Hungary's first women's trade union, proposed that President Woodrow Wilson convene a permanent conference of neutral nations that would mediate conflicts.
Elna Munch, wife of the Danish minister of war, endorsed her proposal. Canada's Julia Grace Wales, a University of Wisconsin professor proposed a mediation plan, got it passed by the Wisconsin Legislature and sent it to the U.S. Congress.
Jane Addams, U.S. social work pioneer and the first U.S. woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize, helped organize a Women's Peace Congress in Washington, where 3,000 women met and developed a Program for Constructive Peace. When the conference in The Hague convened in the spring of 1915, some women had traveled through war to get there.
"The largest hall in The Hague was needed for the meetings, over 2,000 often being present; and difficult as it is to conduct business with so many languages and divergent views, Miss Addams and the other officials carried on orderly and effective sessions," wrote U.S. delegate Emily Greene Balch.
Carrying the Hague proposal, two WILPF teams met with heads of state in 13 European capitals and Jane Addams with Woodrow Wilson in Washington, D.C.
To keep your system healthy and powerful and reduce the consequences of ageing, you ought to physical exercise for a minimum of 30 minutes everyday. A combination of bodyweight lifting to construct strength and strengthen muscle tissue with every day cardiovascular exercising will keep your body functioning in peak condition. Make sure you turn which huge muscle groups you workout, and consume a healthy diet to gas the muscles. [url=http://www.x21w12w21.info]Be57u7jder[/url]
com - Online Payday Advances open 24 Hour and 7 Days Payday Loans for Saving Account. Because in the simplicity and quickness of the procedure, many people are opting for such signature loans [url=http://onlinepaydayloans-4u.co.uk]payday loans online[/url] there is often a small charge to partly make-up their decrease of earnings. Thanks to the World Wide Web, fast payday loans are simply a couple of clicks away. Accordingly comparison shopping is absolutely critical on this reverence paydayloans online this is collateral-free financial plan made to help those borrowers who want to obtain quick funds. In that case, should you also use a good credit rating and a higher monthly salary, the lending company might even consent to provide you with the money with a much lower rate. Theses kinds of loans are particularly designed to cut the gap relating to the existing financial crisis and your consecutive payday through providing you with extra money to cater for emergency expenses http://onlinepaydayloans-4u.co.uk/ where can i get one thousand dollar loan today have nothing to spend bills and you also need 1000 dollars right this moment.
Working your road towards a sexier essentials compel engender you into using a much effective worth loss remedy in African Mango Plus. It is planted and grown following the strictest agricultural standards. It does not repress any baneful ingredient that bequeath matter side effects. As a substitute for it can only guaranty results in the safest, fastest and the easiest feeling possible.
a Midnight Madness ticket? For more information on discounts email. Register Today, more Details, educator Three-Day Pass, pay Only 399. Post a Link and Get a 15 Discount. All we ask is that you contact us no later than 3 weeks prior to the first day of the conference to allow appropriate arrangements to be made. Answer Are group or Military discounts available? Limited to 40 Participants. Mingle with the Photoshop World instructors and fellow attendees while making some memories! Conference Pro Pass, pay Only 119, do you want the VIP experience? Each in depth review offers you candid appraisals, valuable business insights, and gives you real world advice.
Discount for bestflowers com promo code the napp/KelbyOne members - 30 Off We are offering the napp/KelbyOne members a 30 discount for all akvis software for any license type (Home and Business). The Great Courses Coupons and Offers. Home or, home Deluxe licenses at a 30 discount. Buy Now, student Three-Day Pass, pay Only 249 All students must be able to present a valid student ID both when purchasing the ticket and when checking in on conference day. Answer What types of payments are accepted for the conference fee? Get Offer, sAVE, see More Details, verified - Used 221 Times. This version is now available only for akvis Sketch and akvis ArtWork (special edition). However, convention center classrooms are notorious for being cold, so you may want to bring a jacket.
This hotel is an urban sanctuary, offering modern, minimalist accommodations enhanced with a wealth of amenities. Featuring an ideal location in the city center, the hotel offers easy access to some of Berlin's most popular locales, including the fashionable Ku'Damm. The hotel is also well connected to the city's many attractions, with Wittenbergplatz and Nollendorfplatz subway stations leass than a quarter of a mile away.
One of our best value land tours for time-conscious guests offering an up close Denali experience, tour of Alaska's largest city and moderate hotel properties.
An elegant oasis of calm in the heart of Tokyo's business and entertainment district, Park Hyatt Tokyo is the ideal choice for the discerning traveler. Timeless design and attentive service have earned the hotel a reputation as one of Tokyo's finest hotels. 177 generously sized guest rooms, including 23 suites, feature deep soaking bathtubs and stunning city views. Located on the 47th floor, Club On The Park, a full-service spa and fitness center, provides a holistic wellness experience enhanced by magnificent views of the city.
The resort features 521 rooms and suThis beautiful resort features 509 rooms and suites, a full-service spa and fitness center, complete catering and convention services that include the largest conference facility in Kona, a wedding chapel, children's play center and an incredible 200-foot lava tube waterslide. The resort is situated on the water's edge on the tranquil Keauhou Bay, a gathering place for manta rays.ites, a full-service spa and fitness center, complete catering and convention services that include the largest conference facility in Kona, a wedding chapel, children's play center and an incredible 200-foot lava tube waterslide.
Club Med specializes in premium all-inclusive vacations packages for families - with absolutely no hidden costs. At Club Med, the best vacation deals are at your fingertips.
Located on one of the most majestic peninsulas in the world and offering spectacular views of the Sea of Cortes, Hyatt Ziva Los Cabos is a luxurious-all inclusive oasis of sophistication and comfort. This magnificent beachfront resort is minutes from beautiful downtown San José del Cabo and features plush accommodations, impressive amenities, impeccable service and a myriad of activities.
Maitai Lapita Village is perfectly situated for guests to discover the unspoiled island of Huahine. Lounge on the beautiful beach and watch spectacular sunsets over the neighbor island Raiatea or enjoy the serenity of the lily pond. The twelve Garden Bungalows, five Garden Suites and fifteen Lake Suites feature traditional Polynesian design combined with modern amenities.
The Verandah Resort & Spa provides a stunning setting for romance, family fun and sumptuous indulgence. Nestled along Antigua's pristine northeast coast, this eco-friendly luxury resort encompasses 30 spectacular beachfront acres traversed by hiking trails and bordered by Devil's Bridge National Park with its dramatic landmark rock arch. All accommodations are air-conditioned, single-story junior suites, with 700 square feet and classic Caribbean-style architecture and décor.
Set on Jamaica's largest private white-sand beach, this beachfront resort boasts beautifully renovated rooms including the lavish new Bay Roc Villa Suites with Sandals' exclusive Butler Service. Other resort features include five gourmet restaurants, four pools and a variety of land and watersports.
Feast your eyes on the cool blue of the Caribbean, while sinking your toes into talcum-white sand at the CasaMagna Marriott Cancun Resort. Located on the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula, this spectacular resort meets your vacation and meeting needs with a sun-filled slice of heaven.
Perfectly situated on a serene beachfront and surrounded by lush tropical gardens, Secrets Papagayo Costa Rica will offer an Unlimited-Luxury® experience in one of the most romantic and intimate settings imaginable. This resort offers 202 luxurious oceanfront suites, each featuring a king-size bed (or two double beds), double-size tub with Jacuzzi jets, private terrace or balcony, and much more.
A whole new kind of family vacation has begun on the shores of Oahu. Aulani is a Resort like no other. Inspired by the wonders and traditions of Hawai'i, Aulani has been uniquely designed for families. Perfectly placed on a beautiful beachfront cove, Aulani offers kids, adults and families Hawaiian vacation experiences with a special magic that only Disney can create.
This beachfront hotel features modern, newly renovated guestrooms with bright island-style décor. Guests enjoy free Wi-Fi, private lanais and an array of amenities including free morning yoga classes, resort bicycles and a weekly Managers Reception. The hotel’s oceanfront Lava Lava Beach Club, offers a fun, hip vibe with its "toes in the sand" dining experience featuring locally sourced ingredients, fresh island beverages and live music daily.
Styled after a Polynesian village, this is your secret hideaway from the frantic pace of modern life. Enjoy nightly entertainment while dining at the popular oceanfront restaurant and bar.
Experience the only vacation condominium in Lahaina that is right on the beach. Set on the ocean's edge of Lahaina Town in West Maui along historic Front Street, this 199-room condo resort features spacious studio, one-bedroom and one-bedroom penthouse condos with full kitchens, oversized lanais and laundry facilities. Relax by the pool and whirlpool spa after strolling the shops of Lahaina, just steps away.
The resort's 756 guest rooms on three floors offer cable/satellite TV with pay movies. Guests may choose from Brazilian, French and Mexican cuisine, an expansive selection of brand name beverages and have guest privileges at neighboring Barceló Resorts.
Club Med is the perfect destination if you want to experience everything that winter sports have to offer - and so much more!
Prices, dates, and promotions listed in this program are subject to change and may be unavailable when you book.
If you are interested in an offer, please click "Contact Us" or "Contact Agent". This will open a "Trip Request" that will allow you to send your request to us. We will be able to confirm availability and make further recommendations.
All footage in The Travel Film Archive is represented for licensing either by Getty Images or the TFA Network of agents. The "Library" field for each clip indicates which library holds that clip. To place an order you can use our cart system and, depending on which clips you select, your request will be sent to the appropriate library and they will contact you to provide licensing information and complete the transaction. If you are ordering sections from an entire film or from a long clip, please make sure you record the in and out time codes for each section in the Notes box before adding it to the cart. If you currently deal with either of these libraries you may also contact them directly and refer to the relevant Travel Film Archive clip number. Each Getty Images clip also contains a link which will take you directly to that clip on Getty's web site.
Any 1890s 1900s 1910s 1920s 1930s 1940s 1950s 1960s to Any 1890s 1900s 1910s 1920s 1930s 1940s 1950s 1960s
Various Greek ruins, shots of ionic columns, Parthenon, Temple of Athena, Olympia heights, Erechtheum, with MSs and CUs of broken columns and statues. Ancient steps up steep stone hill, the amphitheatre ruins, soldiers in Greek army uniforms prior WWII, young boy wearing uniform.
Promotional film from the National Tourist Association of Greece about tourism in Greece in the 1960s.
Details the post WWII efforts to repair damage inflicted by the Nazis to the Corinth Canal in Greece.
populated place a city, town, village, or other agglomeration of buildings where people live and work.
mountain an elevation standing high above the surrounding area with small summit area, steep slopes and local relief of 300m or more.
hill a rounded elevation of limited extent rising above the surrounding land with local relief of less than 300m.
hills rounded elevations of limited extent rising above the surrounding land with local relief of less than 300m.
railroad station a facility comprising ticket office, platforms, etc. for loading and unloading train passengers and freight.
bay a coastal indentation between two capes or headlands, larger than a cove but smaller than a gulf.
mine(s) a site where mineral ores are extracted from the ground by excavating surface pits and subterranean passages.
administrative division an administrative division of a country, undifferentiated as to administrative level.
airport a place where aircraft regularly land and take off, with runways, navigational aids, and major facilities for the commercial handling of passengers and cargo.
plain(s) an extensive area of comparatively level to gently undulating land, lacking surface irregularities, and usually adjacent to a higher area.
Brihadeeswara Temple - Brihadeshwar temple or the Big temple is the prime attraction of Thanjavur. Brihadeshwar temple was built in the early 11th century by Rajaraja Chola I. The temple is built in Dravidian style of architecture in granite. Brihadeshwar temple, known also as Rajarajesvaram, is one of the well preserved Heritage Sites in Tamil Nadu. The temple dedicated to Lord Shiva has a 2.7 m high Shivalinga, which is about 7 m in diameter. The construction which encloses sanctum sanctorum is known by the name 'Periya Kovil' or the ‘Big temple’. The 70 m high ‘Vimana’ of the temple is built in such an architectural precision, that its shadow never falls outside itself. The Shikharam, which weighs about81.25 tons, is carved out of a single stone.
Thanjavur Royal Palace - Thanjavur Royal Palace is one of the most popular attractions of Thanjavur. Thanjavur Royal Palace, situated within the Vijaynagara Fort complex, was the residence of the Nayak Kings of Thanjavur. The royal palace, built in 16th century, later became the seat of the Maratha rulers of Thanjavur in the 17th century. Thanjavur Royal Palace offers Nayak Hall, Durbar Hall, Serfoji’s Saraswati Mahal Library and the arsenal tower for the tourists. Nayak Hall, built by the Nayaks, house Thanjavur Art Gallery, where various Thanjavur artefacts belonging to the period of Cholas are displayed. Durbar Hall, built by the Marathas, displays a throne canopy decorated in Thanjavur styled mirror-glass works. Serfoji's Saraswati Mahal Library, situated adjacent to the Nayak Hall, houses a rare collection of Sanskrit books and palm-leaf manuscripts.
Thanjavur Art Gallery - Thanjavur Art Gallery, situated within the Thanjavur Royal Palace, is one of the main attractions of Thanjavur town. Thanjavur Art Gallery, which is housed in the Nayak Hall of the place, has an extensive collection of stone and bronze statues and idols belonging to the Chola period (8th – 9th centuries). Bronze statues belonging to the Pallava period are also displayed here. Art Gallery also displays murals, paintings, sculptures and other artefacts that can be dated to the period in between 8th to 18th centuries. A statue of Raja Serfoji can also be seen in the Thanjavur Art Gallery.
Siva Ganga Garden - Siva Ganga Garden is one of the main attractions of Thanjavur. Siva Ganga garden is located within the Vijaynagara Fort nearby the Thanjavur Palace, towards the North East of Brihadeshwar temple. The garden features a large square tank, built in the 16th century, to provide water to the Thanjavur Palace. The garden as well as the tank was built by Sevappa Nayaka, the 16th century Nayak ruler of Thanjavur. Siva Ganga Garden has become a popular picnic spot in Thanjavur, as it features a park and a well maintained garden with rare species of flowering plants.
Airavateswara Temple - Airavateswara temple is one of the pilgrimage attractions offered by the temple town of Thanjavur. Airavateswara temple, situated nearby Kumbakonam at Darasuram, is dedicated to Lord Airavateshwara or Lord Shiva. As per legends, Airavata, the white elephant who is the vehicle of Lord Indra, worshipped Lord Shiva here to get relieved of the colour curse from Sage Durvasa. It is believed that Airavata, with blessings from Lord Shiva, retained its white colour by bathing in the sacred water of this temple.
Keelaperumpallam (Keezhperumpallam) Temple - Keelaperumpallam (Keezhperumpallam) temple or the Kethu temple or the Kethu Navagrahastalam is one of the navagraha temples offered by the temple town of Thanjavur. Keelaperumpallam temple, associated with Lord Kethu, is situated about 6 km from Thiruvengaadu enroute Poompuhar-Mayiladuthurai road. The sanctum sanctorum of Keelaperumpallam temple abodes Lord Naaganaadaswamy and his consort Goddess Ambal, who is in the North West direction. The idol of Lord Kethu can also be seen in the sanctum as worshipping Lord Naaganaadaswamy.
Vellai Puliar Temple - Vellai Puliar temple is one of the ancient temples offered by the temple town of Thanjavur. The name Vellai Puliar denotes that the main idol here, Lord Ganesha, is made of white stone. This temple is noted for its intricate carvings and architectural excellence.
The Serfoji Sarasvati Mahal Library - The Serfoji Sarasvati Mahal Library or the Thanjavur Maharaja Serfoji's Sarasvati Mahal Library, situated within the Thanjavur Royal Palace, is one of the prime attractions of Thanjavur. This Library was started as a Royal Library of the Nayak Kings of Thanjavur during 1535 - 1675 AD. Later it served as the royal library for the Maratha rulers, especially Raja Serfoji, who assembled works from Sanskrit as well as other languages for the development of the library. The library came under the control of Tamil Nadu Government in the year 1918. The name of the library was changed from Sarasvati Mahal Library to Thanjavur Maharaja Serfoji's Sarasvati Mahal Library in the honour of Maharaja Serfoji.
Grand Anicut - Grand Anicut is one of the prime destinations of the tourists visiting Thanjavur. Situated nearby Trichy, the Grand Anicut or the Kallanai is one of the heritage sites of Tamil Nadu which is still in use. Grand Anicut was built by the Chola King Karikalan around 1st Century AD on the Cauvery River at the beginning of Cauvery delta. The 329 m long and 20 m wide Grand Anicut is considered among the oldest dams of the world.
Swami Malai Temple - Swami Malai temple is one of the popular destinations situated in the vicinity of Thanjavur. Swami Malai temple is the fourth one of the Aaru Padai Veedu or the six holy abodes of Lord Murugan, the others being Thiruparamkundram, Thiruchendur, Palani, Thiruthani and Pazhamudhircholai. The name of the deity, Swaminathan, is derived from the incident in which Lord Muruga preached the meaning (porul) of the Pranava Mantram 'OM', to Lord Shiva, his father. Swami Malai temple is situated atop a 60 feet high artificial hillock, with a plight of 60 stairs to reach it, which represents an average human life cycle of 60 years.
Chandra Bagawan temple - Chandra Bhagwan temple or the Thingalur temple or the Chandra Navagrahastalam is one of the pilgrimage destinations of tourists visiting Thanjavur. Chandra Bhagwan temple is located about 25 km north of Thanjavur, on the Thiruvaiyaru-Kumbakonam route. Chandra Bhagwan temple is one of the prominent navagraha temples in South India. It is believed that Lord Chandra (Moon) worshipped Lord Shiva to get relieved of the curse of Daksha Prajapathi at this place and received his blessings. The temple is mostly visited by those who have bad effects of Moon in their horoscope. The full moon days that fall on the Panguni month are considered auspicious at this temple and special prayers are offered to Lord Chandra.
Schwartz Church - Schwartz Church, situated in the proximity of Thanjavur Palace, is one of the attractions of Thanjavur. Schwartz Church was built by Raja Serfoji, the last sovereign ruler of Thanjavur, in the year 1779, to honour the Danish missionary Reverend Frederick Christian Schwartz. Schwartz Church also has a white marble structure, towards its western part, which was placed here in 1798 to commemorate Schwartz. This marble structure is noted for its intricate carvings depicting the final moments of Schwartz, who is seen surrounded by Raja Serfoji and his ministers.
Sangeetha Mahal - Sangeetha Mahal, situated within the Thanjavur Palace, is one the main attractions of Thanjavur. Sangeetha Mahal or the Hall of Music was built in the early 1600's during the reign of the Nayak King Sevappa Nayak. It was known by the name 'Navaratnamanamaina Nataka Sala' (the Theatre adorned with gems). This theatre was later renamed as 'Sangeetha Mahal’ during the reign of the Marathas. Sangeetha Mahal is noted for its architectural and acoustic properties. It is a rectangular hall with a vaulted roof with four pankahs and several decorations such as chandeliers. The hall was constructed in such a way that there is a balanced absorption and deflection of sound waves. The hall is also devoid of excess amplification. The water-pool in front of the stage as well as the decorations and perforations also helped in the deflection of sound waves.
Vijayanagara Fort - Vijaynagara Fort is one of the popular historic monuments in Thanjavur. The fort, built in early 1550 AD, is located at a distance of 2 km towards the North East of Brihadeshwar temple or the Big temple. The Nayak king Vijay Raghav constructed a part of Vijaynagara Fort and later it was completed by the Maratha rulers. The fort encloses of Thanjavur Palace, Sangeetha Mahal, Serfoji’s Saraswati Mahal Library, Art Gallery and Siva Ganga Garden.
Our Lady of Sorrows Church - Our Lady of Sorrows Church, known also as Viagula Madha Church, is a prominent attraction of Thanjavur. This is the oldest church in Thanjavur District, which is believed to have been erected even before the period of Veramamunivar or Constanzo Beschi (1740 A. D.), an Italian Jesuit priest and Missionary of South India and a famous Tamil poet. Our Lady of Sorrows Church is famous for the annual car festival which is held on the third week of September every year. It is celebrated with great pomp and gaiety regardless of religion or caste. This church is one of the symbols of religious harmony in the temple town of Thanjavur.
Aalangudi Temple - Aalangudi Temple or Arulmigu Abathsagayeswarar temple or Guru Navagrahasthalam is one of the attractions situated in the vicinity of the temple town of Thanjavur. Aalangudi temple is dedicated to Lord Guru Bhagavan or Lord Dakshinamurthy or Lord Brahaspati, who is one of the Navagrahas, commonly referred to as the planet Jupiter. It is believed that Lord Shiva consumed the Alavisham at this place and hence the name Alangudi. At Aalangudi temple, there are also shrines dedicated to Sri Kalangamar Katha Vinayagar, Sri Abathsagayeshwarar, Sri Elavarkuzhali Ammai, Goddess Lakshmi and Lord Murugan. Thursday is an auspicious day at Aalangudi temple.
Thirumananjeri Temple - Thirumananjeri temple is one of the pilgrim destinations offered by Thanjavur town, which is located about 3 km to the west of Kuthalam village of Thanjavur District. It is believed that the wedding of Lord Shiva and Parvathi took place at this place and hence the name Thirumananjeri temple, which was derived from the Tamil word 'Thirumanam' (wedding).
Thiruvanajozhi Temple - Thiruvanajozhi temple is one of the attractions offered by Thanjavur. Thiruvanajozhi temple, situated on the outskirts of Thanjavur town, was built in between 14th to 15th centuries. The temple is noted for its architecture, Swayambhoo Shivalinga and ancient inscriptions. This temple is a popular venue for classical dance forms and music.
Suryanaar Koyil - Suryanaar Koyil or the Surya Navagrahasthalam or the Tirumangalakkudi temple is one of the navagraha temples offered by Thanjavur. Suryanaar Koyil, situated in Tirumangalakkudi village nearby Thanjavur, is dedicated to Lord Suryanarayana or Surya (Sun). Suryanaar Koyil is an ancient temple built by the Chola Kings. The sanctum sanctorum of the temple houses the idol of Lord Suryanarayana in a chariot. There are shrines dedicated to Kasi Viswanathar, Visalakshi and Brihaspati (Guru) within the sanctum of this temple. There are also Shrines dedicated to other celestial bodies and Kol Theertha Vinayakar outside the sanctum of the temple.
Raahu Temple - Raahu temple or the Raahu Navagrahasthalam is one of the attractions at the temple town of Thanjavur. Raahu temple, situated about 6 km away from Kumbakonam town at Tirunageswaram, is one among the navagraha temples of Thanjavur. Raahu temple is associated with Lord Rahu, the King of Snakes.
Saneeshwaran Temple - Saneeshwaran Temple or the Shani Navagrahasthalam or the Tirunallar temple is one of the popular navagraha temples situated in the vicinity of Thanjavur. This temple is situated at Tirunallar, which is about 52 km away from Kumbakonam. Saneeshwaran temple, considered amongst the most revered Saneeshwaran temples in India, is famous for Sani Peyairchi festival which is conducted during those days when Lord Sani switches over to another Zodiac sign.
Kanchanur (Kanjanoor) Temple - Kanchanur (Kanjanoor) temple or the Sukra Navagrahasthalam is one of the navagraha temples at Thanjavur. Kanchanur Temple, known also as Bhrammapuri or Agnisthalam, is situated in the vicinity of Thiruvavaduthurai near Kumbakonam. Kanchanur Temple, associated with Sukhran or the Venus, is famous for the festivals such as Mahasivarathri, Navarathri and AadipooramIt is believed that Lord Shiva blessed Parasaramuni with his Mukti Thandavam at this place. The Tamil Thai month is considered as an auspicious occasion at this temple.
Pullirukkuvelur Vaideeswaran Kovil - Pullirukkuvelur Vaideeswaran Kovil, one of the renowned Shivasthalams, is a popular destination of pilgrims visiting the temple town of Thanjavur. Pullirukkuvelur Vaideeswaran Kovil, dedicated to Lord Vaidyanathaswamy (Shiva) is also considered among the navagraha temples as the Angaarakan Navagrahasthalam. As per legends Jatayu (Pull), Rig Vedam (Irukku), Sambadi, Surya (Oor) and Skanda (Vel) worshipped Lord Shiva at this place and hence the name Pullirukkuvelur. Rama, Lakshmana and the Saptharshis also worshipped Lord Shiva at this place.
Sri Swedharanyeshwarar Temple - Sri Swedharanyeshwarar temple or the Mercury Temple or the Budha Navagrahasthalam is one of the navagraha temples offered by Thanjavur. Sri Swedharanyeshwarar temple, situated about 23 km way from Mayiladuthurai at Tiruvenkaadu on the Sirkali – Poompuhar road, is the Navagrahasthalam of Budha, the ruler of knowledge, studies, music, medicine and astrology. Sri Swedharanyeshwarar temple is dedicated to the deities Lord Swedharanyeshwarar and his consort Ambal. It also has minor shrines dedicated to Adi Devatha (Lord Vishnu) and Prathyathi Devatha (Lord Narayanan). Wednesday is an auspicious day at this temple.
Pchat is a free online chat room with private chatting chat to people from around the world either in our chat rooms or privately no registration or download is needed and we will always be free. Free chat rooms online community your social network of strangers - strangerbook talkwithstranger's chatrooms community is like a social network of strangers discuss topics, follow people, chat with people, make friends & share everything for free. Chicken chat 67k likes chicken chat is a forum for poultry enthusiasts to flock together to share, discuss, debate and enjoy all things fowl.
While smith & wesson does not offer live chat, they do have a phone number in total, there are 2 ways to get in touch with them the best phone number for smith & wesson is their 800-331-0852 customer service phone number, and you can get the details and use our free call-back service by finding the link for it above and clicking it. While aol instant messenger chat rooms were once hugely popular, the rise in popularity of social networks resulted in the demise of aim chat rooms, which were discontinued in 2010 (ed note: aim instant messenger was discontinued in 2017) the rise and fall of chat rooms in 1996, aol made history. Christian chat is a moderated online christian community allowing christians around the world to fellowship with each other in real time chat via webcam, voice, and text, with the christian chat appyou can also start or participate in a bible-based discussion here in the christian chat forums, where members can also share with each other their own videos, pictures, or favorite christian music. Tom smith 92 likes a place for friends, fans and followers to chat about issues in the catholic church. Chat rooms for singles are missing you, so go ahead and let yourself be happy with a special person from cupidcom the perfect time for making changes in your personal life had finally arrived you may have read stories about how meeting strangers can be risky or even dangerous.
After entering the chat you will be presented with a list of chat rooms to select from, similar to what is displayed in the above image name of all the public & your private chat rooms will be displayed, alongside the number of people in each room. To chat with other chat hour members who live near arkansas, you can use the following links to browse our chatters click a link and chat with someone living near arkansas now if you would like to chat in our chat rooms, please click here. Favorite this post oct 17 private quiet room for teacher (fort smith or roland, arkansas) hide this posting restore restore this posting favorite this post oct 15 stud available and looking for a room (fort smith / van buren) hide this posting restore restore this posting favorite this post oct 8 needing a hand (none,ft smith) hide this posting restore restore this posting.
Chat rooms for singles are extremely hard to come by although there are tons of dating sites online, actual chat rooms for singles are not around every corner many of the chat sites for singles on the internet allow you to send messages to other users, but very few of them allow you to instantly chat with them. Chat rooms usa usa chat rooms are making a significant come back remember the 90’s when chat rooms were the big thing when it came to online meetups confusion and frustration with dating apps and what-not are seeing single people going back to basics when it comes to finding a date online free dating america has the tools to help you in. Free chat rooms, chat online with no registration this web site is an online free chat rooms with us you can meet new friends from all over the world no download, no setup & no registration needed friendly.
Random chat rooms are a fun and safe way to find a random partner to video chat online with meeting people randomly on the internet is the modern way to find friendship and starting a relationship or more are all possible, the sky is the limit our chat rooms are easy and vibrant. For assuies chatters icq bring chat rooms for australia country where you guys can chat with friends also do enjoy video chat with friends live chat free fun icq webchat network icq chat community icqchat has grown into a vibrant community and is widely regarded as the most “friendly” of the major irc networks.
Chat with other 30 somethings about anything and everything you have in common chat now #40_something english room one of the most popular room on chat rooms, now you can meet new friends online have fun chat now #europe come in and chat about this continent that has been popular for centuries chat now. Chat with strangers in free chat rooms online, no registration is required this website let you meet new people, chat with boys and girls, like-minded people, who can become your new friends this website let you meet new people, chat with boys and girls, like-minded people, who can become your new friends. We all have trouble with sharing our thoughts, emotions, confessions, secret crushes, adult jokes and conversations without the eye popping reactions of friends, family and everyone on the chatting portals moreover, modern chat apps and networking tools have become too personalized for guys and girls all over the world wanting to have freedom to chat without judgement.
It can also be in your very best self interests for speedy insurance case resolution to acquire an insurance carrier offering good service. Keep the above mentioned factors at heart whenever you compare car Insurance quotes. You may need to purchase one more insurance plan to pay for you if your insurance company doesn't reimburse you for a rental car while your personal car has been repaired. WNCwSjH, [url=http://www.igetcheapcarinsurance.com/auto-insurance-companies-ny-list/]auto insurance companies ny list[/url], msXYQWT, [url=http://www.igetcheapcarinsurance.com/car-insurance-quote-online-ireland/]car insurance quote online ireland[/url], idhSOnO, [url=http://www.igetcheapcarinsurance.com/top-10-car-insurance-companies-in-south-africa/]top 10 car insurance companies in south africa[/url], qlpMGov,
The most crucial thing to recollect is there exists no time limit on when you could collect funds over a life insurance policy that lists you since the beneficiary. Insurance companies are famous for hiding elements inside terms and conditions given that they grasp we regularly don't try to examine it. In my case, I did contact the county of San Diego and was told that this dry brush within the canyon bordering our backyard was adequately maintained for fire season which fallen trees were "a natural a part of nature's process. fxZdgyL, home insurance guide canada, AVcNofx, homeowners insurance for vacant house, lwaJhoh, best home insurance brisbane, CPwEWCr,
As he was taken into custody, the look on his face was priceless. “How did they know I was going to be there?” he later asked a detective. He received a simple answer: “You can run and hide from the police, but you can’t run and hide from technology!”
Today is the Fremont Fair and its attendant Solstice Parade, famous for a sizable cadre of "naked" bicyclists (I don't consider them naked, as they almost all wear quite adequate amounts of body paint). I will be sitting in the parking lot from 10 to 11:45, collecting 20 dollar bills in exchange for parking spaces for fairgoers. Then I will migrate down the hill to the fair proper, where for two hours I will pour coffee and lemonade for the crowds. It's a very popular event, especially during the parade when there are all these naked bodies to look at, and the weather is supposed to be about ideal (upper seventies and clear). Pray that I will represent Christ well in these ministries, and that Mrs. Haruo won't suffer unduly from my absence.
The main intent of forming the CVO is to create a forum for sharing knowledge and experiences with late-model water-cooled VW
They'll be running the the TDI cup, Speed World Challenge, and others on the full track 7/24-26! Anyone going to this? Tickets are only $30.00.http://www.autobahngranprix.com/http:// ... yclub.net/
I hope to go. A fellow IT racer - AJ Nealy is in the top few in points right now, and the racing seems much more clean/competitive this year.
Now, now guys, let's all be Andistan'dhin about this, I firmly Beh'leeb other names will not be as weird as that.
Uhh... Capcom, I really think you shoulda spelled the first part of his name differently. I mean, I'm kinda imagining him at a toilet now. And, uh, I know the second part is meant to be loving, but now I'm also seeing it as "lubing". Awkward.
I'm certain it's actually supposed to be "Peace, love, and understanding", so if you don't relate "lubn" to a single word "loving", but rather to two words "lub 'n", you might actually unsee the "lubing" therein
Eh, I'm sure folks get the pun. But regardless of what it's supposed to be, it still resembles... what it shouldn't.
All too often when I see the word Nahyuta, my brain wants me to pronounce it "Na-hyou-ta" (which is more or less how it would be said were it an actual Japanese name...)
One particular problem I have with the way Janet decided to tackle these Khurainese names is her complete disregard for what sounds good IMHO. It's pretty much Allebahst and Babahl all over again. I know it's pronounced straightforwardly but my brain tells me it looks as if I should pronounce it "AllebaHHHST" or something.
I liked done if the Khura'inese names before, but Pees'lubn Andistan'dhin just sounds awful to me. I like having punny names, especially for case 1, but I hate when they make the name sound horrible just for said pun.
Can't wait to see what she's done to the case 4 characters and whether or not they're 'Japanese immigrants'.
Talked to the guy again, he said that Druk is "Dhurka" (or maybe he misspelled it and it's actually "Dhruka") and Inga Karukul Khura'in remains as is. I was a bit skeptical, so I asked for screenshots. Also, Case 2 -> The Magical Turnabout.
POHLKUNKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!
Updated to include tributes and more to the Yakuza game series. I'm forever trapped in karaoke hell.
O Holy Mother, that will be perfect! If we can have Indian-Chinese restaurants, why can't we have Italian-Japanese?!
Ugh, please tell me that there'll be SOME Khura'inese names that aren't copies of their Japanese names or blatant puns.
I thought the whole point of Khura'inese names was to make puns even more blatant than Japanese/English ones. No wonder all those Bokuto Tsuani's and Mima Waruhito's are translated as such obvious puns — they are exactly the same in Japanese. It's a neat loophole for coming up with names — you don't have to look up for an existing punny name to make a Candice Arme or Luke Atmey, you just can make up your own!
Idk, it just makes the world feel a lot more forced in my opinion. With names like Roger Retinz, it stands for something but there isn't an obvious "Oh look, a pun" in his name. If everyone in town is just a walking pun, then the game feels a lot less real and more programmed IMO.
Well the concept of their kingdom does have some things that may be considered really forced, like a court system with no lawyers or a religion which coincidentally happens to be helpful with giving a verdict, etc.
The setting of the messed up law system might feel a little forced, yes. But at the same time, it's used to set up conflict for the story, and it feels natural. If every citizen in said setting has a pun in their name, they don't feel like citizens of the town, they feel like programmed characters.
Hi! I've largely stepped back from C-R due to life stuff. Please contact one of the other staff members for help!
I'm having the worst time figuring out the pun behind the trio of case 4. Mostly, it just reminds me of that flight attendant from Investigations. Also,
I really love Jove Justice for Dadpollo. All the others I'll need some time to get used to, I think.
Also, RE: the case 4 characters: I get that "Toneido" is a pun on Tornado, but what's with their first names?
"We never really know if our clients are guilty or innocent. All we can do is believe in them. And in order to believe in them, you have to believe in yourself."
Also do we know Fushigi's real name. I actually like the Japanifornia puns a lot. They're not super obvious.
maybe they want to do another test for the extended art and chest opening, i guess we will read about it in fridays news.
didnt even notice there was a new article until i read your post. Why is there no forum topic for this article?
I think there is a general forum article about it now. Sorry I should have posted this there in the first place.
Usually cases, accomplished does not, however, cover ask for issues. This, however, is a fundamental point: You as the customer should make certain that the Essay Writing Service server administration side of your drive communicates an indistinguishable etymological from the demand improvement parallel.
Overwatch to Kamilla, we’ve just lost contact with Seer Three. Right before losing contact, one of them pulsed the signature of a witch they located, matches one of our targets.
Overwatch to Kamilla, location unknown, but Seer Three was about three kilometers south of your location when we lost contact. We’re moving now to regroup with you Kamilla, sit tight and
Mission: Hunt down and kill a pair of witches that have been razing towns and cities in the area. The witches are supposedly stronger than normal, reducing everything to ashes and rubble, only leaving a handful of survivors to spread the tale.
Contact with Seer One, Two, and Four were all lost within the past ten minutes, and now Seer Three and Overwatch.
The last remaining party, the kill-team, armed with the legendary Disaster weapons and led by Kamilla herself, should be more than enough to deal with two rampant witches.
Torrent: ”I want a large circular formation, about fifty meters of space between you and the people to your sides. If these witches took out the other parties fast enough that they couldn’t let out a distress pulse, best not to make ourselves an easy target.”
The seven Disaster weapons get into formation - Whirlwind, Quake, Blizzard, Plague, Wildfire, Thunderstorm, and Torrent, the last wielded by Kamilla, the Second of Caelum’s weapon master.
Wildfire: ”You think it’s really just two witches? Those things aren’t supposed to get any stronger than a top-of-the-line chirop fire mage, and I’m pretty sure two of ‘em aren’t capable of wiping out Overwatch that fast. There’s gotta be more of ‘em.”
Torrent: ”However many there are, whatever they are, we’ll be ready. Broad daylight, open field in every direction for a few kilometers, we’ll see ‘em coming long before they’re in casting range.”
The seven weapon users wait, scanning the horizon, alert for any sign of movement. Minutes pass without any sign of life.
Several more minutes pass, some of the warriors shifting from foot to foot, twirling their weapon, waiting for something to show up.
An ear-piercing shriek and an energetic explosion, Kamilla whirls around only to be blinded by two white-hot explosions.
Two dark figures stand on the plains, one where Blizzard was, the other over Quake. The telltale pointed, brimmed hat with the top sagging slightly back, the black, flowing dress. They're witches, but not the normal ones that stood no taller than a human. Both were easily four meters high, with stout, powerful beaks of shining black metal sprouting from their faces, a dozen glowing red eyes visible under the shade of their hat.
Each of their fingers end in a white-hot claw-like blade, one claw in each hand longer than the rest, surpassing that of a greatsword. The charred, shredded remains of a weapon user falling out of each of their grasps.
The witches surge forward, moving faster than their size should permit. Wildfire unleashes a stream of flames, only for one of the witches to charge directly into it and, reaching the source in the blink of an eye, slicing apart the weapon user’s armor and body into pieces with a few swipes.
Plague ducks and backpedals, avoiding two lethal swings only to be struck with a glowing orange orb, exploding into a burst of heat and gore.
Twin water lances shoot towards the witches, both nimbly dodging before rushing towards Torrent, the last weapon user moving like a blur to avoid the storm of burning, razor-edged claws and searing flames. One of the witches grabs on to the Torrential Glaive, pulling it away. The weapon, not wishing to be taken, forces its master to keep hold, tearing off her right hand as the polearm is flung across the field.
Kamilla’s armor disintegrates, and just as a glowing scythe comes down upon her, she flicks her left hand up, forming an arch of artificial matter that slows the strike long enough for her to leap out of the way, the witch’s claw cleaving clean through and striking the space where Kamilla once stood. As the last member of the kill-team lands on the ground, she stumbles and falls over, her right leg missing below the knee.
Kamilla: ”I’ll kill the both of you! I’ll gut you like pigs and turn your cores into weapons to slaughter all of your kind!”
One of the witches turns around, its appearance distorted by the barrier forming. The many eyes narrow and its beak bends into a monstrous replication of a smile.
An ancient Caelum tale of a woman that would appear during a battle, turning the tide and leading one side to victory. The woman was called the Hero of the March, and later the Saint of the March, eventually being shortened to Saint March over time.
In Caelum tradition, the title Hero of the March is an honor bestowed upon the rare woman in conflict who takes the front lines, leading their allies into the fray and claiming victory, with the belief that she is empowered by the original Saint March.
I'm suddenly being told I don't have permission to access the 2013 People's Choice forum. What's up with that?
Huh. I had Mr. Varda check with his account, and it appears that maybe it's set for mods only?! Tom, can you allow the squirming masses inside again?
To view the Junior Translator (CSOL) Exam 2012 list of qualified candidates for interview result visit the official website of SSC. This list got published on 21st February 2013.
Here is a quick prep guide for those new to PS emulation, and how to use certain modded video and sound plugins. I will walk you through setting up ePSXe with suggested settings, and cover any other pertinent issues. If you have any questions, please post them in this thread.
2. Insert whichever CD and open the program. It will lag a bit, but this is normal, in order to read the CD.
--If this fails to work, configure the drive settings to reflect the settings of your own drive, or the desired caching modes you see fit.
WARNING: Select one of the lowest ripping speeds under "Misc". Shoot between 4-8x. Trust me, it's veeeeeery sensitive.
2. Extract all your video, sound, CD-ROM, and controller plugins to the "Plugins" folder of the main "ePSXe" directory.
3. NOTE: You will need the PS BIOS (JAP) file to run the game, though we do not provide this here due to legal reasons.
--Set any other shading options you prefer (the more powerful the system the better), and the Desktop Resolution.
9. Continue onto the Sound Settings and select "Pete's DSound Audio Driver 1.15" as your sound plugin. Continue.
10. Now it will ask for the CD-ROM drive you would prefer. Choose "ePSXe CDR ASPI core 1.5.2." Go under its Config and set the Drive located in preference to the false drive your image is on (if you're using DAEMON Tools, for instance).
11. Configure your controller with either the keyboard or controller, then click Next and you're done.
12. Included here are some additional CD-ROM and controller plugins in case some of you have problems with the default.
13. When you feel everything is set, go under File, and click "Run CD-ROM", or "Run ISO" if you prefer to run it directly from the image (it doesn't matter).
These are special video and sound plugins for PN developed by Peter Bernert, and modified/recoded by Alexander Lombardi Koch for easy acceleration and direction of PN's emulation (modded for simplicity of starting it up and playing without frame rate bugs, and video footage enhancement for pixel garbage).
ePSXe is © 2002 The ePSXe Team. All logos and symbols are trademark of their respective owners. http://www.emulator-zone.com/doc.php/psx/epsxe.html
Pete's DSound Audio Driver 1.15 & D3D Driver 1.73 were created by Peter Bernet, 2004; modified and recoded with permission by Alexander Lombardi Koch, 2005.
Glad this is here, and it should work fine. (speaking from experience...) BTW, Osiris, the patches worked perfectly, no more crack-addict jitters during the cutscenes!
BTW, I've been recieving some rare bug reports from people that their game has been crashing on epsxe -the moment you reach BHC H.Q. from when you first arrive at Beyond Coast. If you cite, or encounter any bugs be sure to report em here.
I'm going to be tweaking around with some of the modified video plugins again to improve resolution distortion and frame rate issues. (I still feel bugged about the video resolution quality-transfer).
pSX is currently the best PSX emulator for PC out there. Plus, I tested 2 Policenauts acts with it and everything went bugfree/fine. Plus, it's friggin' easy to use/configure. Plus, I don't like ePSXe's plugins because they usualy change some things and try to make the games look better, etc. With pSX you play exactly as if you were playing with an original Playstation, no changes at all.
Note that in their Compatibility List, Policenauts has a comment like "Disc 3: Emulator crashes in the ending credits of the game". However, that was for the version 1.7. pSX is currently at v1.10, with a lot of good fixes.
It's not like ePSXe doesn't do the job (I used it for a long time), but pSX is so simple, practical and perfect, that any noob in emulation will get it straight away.
EDIT: Oh, forgot to mention. pSX doesn't use plugins. Everything you need comes with the emulator (except the BIOS, of course). So there's no spending time searching for the right plugin also.
"I hear it's amazing when the famous purple stuffed worm in flap-jaw space with the tuning fork does a raw blink on Hara-kiri Rock. I need scissors! 61!"
Not to mention it's also possible to run pSX as an unprivileged user as opposed to ePSXe which needs admin-rights to work. Just something I thought I'd mention for us paranoids.
ISOProducer crashes when I try to do anything related to drive access on one of my boxes btw (but as I already have a perfectly good ISO I ripped using unix dd I don't really care to research it further).
Edit: if the audio keeps skipping during the FMV sequences in ePSXe using the provided plugins (it did for me), select "SPU IRQ - wait for CPU action (Valkyrie Profile and MGS)" in the configuration window for the sound plugin and you'll be fine.
Edit 2: kept playing for a little while (this game is so atmospheric - even though I don't understand what's being said I couldn't stop) using the mouse support in ePSXe and came to wonder - how the hell do you reload the gun?
Sure, you can use pSX if you want, but it doesn't have mouse support, does it? (To reload with the mouse in Policenauts, you just click outside the screen.) The developers recommend you play the game with a mouse, and I do too. That right there is worth the hassle in my opinion. If it does ever get mouse support, then that's another story. But right now it doesn't, and that's why Alex picked it.
Me, I won't be using any emulator. I bought a PS mouse last year just for the game. I recommend you give it a try on a console if you get the chance.
Thanks for this guide! Yeah, I think mouse support makes ePSXe worth it, even if it is a little slower than pSX. These plugins work very well, the only flaw I spotted was that there doesn't seem to be any sound during the Konami logo and first intro movie (before the main menu). Or maybe that's just me?
Well, I'm more preoccupied with the visual problems. Everyone knows how to play a point and click with a rat, it's nothing new in itself :P
But in any case, at least there is an emulator that gives us the chance to play with the mouse, so it's ok.
You need to check the "Enable XA sound"-checkbox in the window where you're supposed to select what sound plugin to use (Config > Sound).
Thanks, did the trick! Got this working very nice indeed with my laptop hooked up to the TV, and my mouse on a hard pad on the arm of the chair. Now all I need is that translation and I'll be all set!
Oh, one last question (sorry for being a pest with them, but I figure better now before everyone's busy talking about the translation): I've got several Japanese Playstation BIOS, is any particular one recommended? I'm currently using the oldest, original model bios. Thanks.
Ok, maybe not as nice as I thought... seems the sound is a bit out of sync during the FMVs. Couldn't tell during the first few cause there was no dialogue. Anyone else getting this?
If your refering to my last post, it happens in the prologue - first 5min of the game. Figured everyone knows it, hardly a spoiler. Sorry, but might as well not look at the game box if you're gonna be that picky!
Yeah, as far as spoilers go, it isn't a big deal (it's even mentioned in the story section of the instruction manual), but I always try to mark any spoilers regardless of size.
In regard to the BIOS, Snatcher42, I don't think it matters. As for the sound issues, probably best to have Snake Plissken answer that for you.
And the Blade Runner-esque crawl of the intro movie... which, by the way, surprised me that it was in English. Wonder why they did that?
Anyway, I may just end up buying a Japanese or modded Playstation for this... any suggestions on where to get one, other than eBay?
Either to be cool, or to match the game world (the characters are all supposed to be speaking English in the game, but it's in Japanese because it's a Japanese game).
You have a number of options... You could go for an old PS and probably use the swap trick no problem. There are also external devices that let you play imports and backups. I'd recommend a PS and an external device. Less hassle that way. I'm not sure where the best place would be, though. Maybe someone else can help you with that.
Thanks for clearing that up for me. Sorry if I seemed a bit picky in my first post...I've just spent the past few years (after I beat Snatcher) trying to avoid spoilers for the game by keeping away from it. Btw...Thanks to everyone on the translation team for all your hard work. What you're doing for the community is a great thing..thanks again.
I'm not the only one getting this, right? Basically, the audio seems to lag about three quarters of a second, or else the video is running about three quarters of a second too fast. So I don't know if it's a sound issue, a video issue, or some other timing thing.
I'm running with 3.GHz, 512ram, and a 128mb Radeon, so I don't think it's my system. I tried the same scene in pSX for comparison, and it's actually not perfect there either. But I'd say the sync is about half a second better, making the problem almost unnoticeable.
"pSX" might be the ticket for the simplicity you've mentioned (and I can see what you mean, because it is simple), but for the intention's of this project, it (ePSXe) has been the flag-ship emulator because it is "complicated." Loading a complicated-patched/hacked game into a normal "everything is ready for you emulator without plugins or manuel troubleshooting" could give you the exact opposite effect, so therefore I've been using ePSXe (and have been since the project started years ago).
And not only as Marc mentioned above because of the mouse support, but also once again, due to the fact that I've been a debugger, and tester of this very same emulator for almost 7 years now. So you can use "pSX" for now to run PN, but don't count on it running flaw-less, or perfect once the patch springs around the corner. Also... you're forgetting these are customized plugins which I've been cultering, adjusting -and developed entirely for this project to ensure that all the users will have to do, is follow the guide and play. (This is merely an early version of the troubleshooting guide w/ it's plugins.)
Plus, I don't like ePSXe's plugins because they usualy change some things and try to make the games look better, etc. With pSX you play exactly as if you were playing with an original Playstation, no changes at all.
Once again, that is one of the most "exact" intentions of this project. ^_^ We want the gamers to not only experience the game, but experience it in the most "amazing" quality and standard possible (to the best which benefits their computers). Now I'm sure some emulation "pure-ests" might take an offense to that remark, but they'll see what I mean in the long run.
Oh don't worry ^_^ Surprisingly, I've been doing mostly the entire emulation beta testing proccesses with the "SCPH-1000" (the eldest you might be using as well) model number and it's been giving me more than what I've needed.
I don't really think it would matter, but for now I'd highly suggest you stick with the original "SCPH-1000" you've been using as of yet, because it has a separated: Audio and composite Video/ S-Video output (which anything within, and beyond the SCPH-5000 series lacks, which is vital to the game's mechanics), also being that it was the BIOS series which was con-current to the game's original release.
But until then, I am still doing complete run-throughs with the game to see if there's any large differences with the BIOS in terms of quality and frame rate. Although if you feel that SCPH-1000 is not doing it for you, you can toy around and test with other versions (It won't ruin, or effect any other overall individual emulation settings -just as long as they are Japanese Bios versions ect.).
Ok, maybe not as nice as I thought... seems the sound is a bit out of sync during the FMVs. Couldn't tell during the first few cause there was no dialogue, but once I got to Lorraine's death it was obvious. Anyone else getting this?
It might be a caching error or buffering issue with the CD-R plugin. Are you using the default one suggested, or one of the provided-alternate-tweak sound plugins? Also, are you running the game directly from your CD-ROM drive? Or in the form of an ISO image? (Just need to get the facts yada yada)
I followed your guide to the letter with one exception: don't have ASPI installed, so am using WNT/W2K core CD-ROM plugin instead. I know that probably raises a red flag, but I don't think it's causing the problem since I get it no matter how I run the game: straight off the original CDs, as a mounted image with Daemon, or directly from the ISO - all the same. Though you're the expert, of course. Thanks again for working so hard on this... all of you!
Yeah, I'm going to use DAEMON tools as well to mount my image etc, just like I used it for all of my 3DO games. I have no idea which emulator to use though, since both have benefits it seems...(never used a Playstation emulator ever before).
I followed your guide to the letter with one exception: don't have ASPI installed, so am using WNT/W2K core CD-ROM plugin instead. I know that probably raises a red flag, but I don't think it's causing the problem since I get it no matter how I run the game
Actually, to be on the safe side though, I highly suggest you install ASPI. It's sort of a bare necessity to most ISO-emulation platforms or programs in terms of balance and stability. The only thing you'd have to make sure (if it interferes with anything) is to just make sure you disable Dameon before using a program it might cause an effect over (like a CD burning or ripping program which you're using with a real CD/DVD outlet).
But another issue to this "sync" problem could have to do with the image itself reacting properly to the sound plugin, go under your sound settings and make sure you have most of the XA functions enabled. (Should be present on either plugin)
Just a question...Does anyone know how to make the iso file smaller? I ripped both cds and the files came out to be CD 1 having 713mb and CD 2 having 584mb. Burned my disc 2 and it works perfect on my ps2 but.....The problem is that I have a bunch CD-Rs except they're all the standard 700mb sized ones...so is there a way or do I just have to buy some bigger cds?
You'll just need to get a larger CD. Your ISO needs to be the correct size or else the patch won't work.
The biggest news out of the clinician's training class last night - there has been a major change in the number of stick checks that will be done in a game. The coaches have gotten fed up with the amount of illegal sticks finding their way into the game, and have taken serious steps to address it -
* There will now be a MINIMUM of six checks per team, per game. There is still the possibility of the coach's request for equipment check, but there will be the 6 stick-only checks as well.
* The checks between the 1st and 3rd periods are gone, because they can be anticipated. The intent is to make these totally random, so you may see them called after a goal, before a faceoff, after a timeout call, during injury time, etc.
* Most of the checks will be done in the 1st thru 3rd quarters. The coaches do not want this random check occuring in the final two minutes, although the coach could do his requested one then.
* If done after a goal, the goal scorer's stick and a long pole will be obtained. If the goal scorer's stick is illegal, the goal is taken off the board and the penalty is assessed.
* The checks after goals will be balanced between teams - say two on Team A after goals and two on Team B. (Assuming Team B scores! )
* The '07 Rule Book also put back in this year the requirement that head width be measured on the front and BACK of the stick - 6.5" for each. This had been in the rule book several years ago - was taken out - and put back in specifically this year. We will find out if this will be part of the stick check procedure during the meetings. An interesting point - the stick measurements designed for '09 say 6.5" on the front and 6" on the back. It would be nice if they would adopt that for the current season, but as of now, the rule book says 6.5" front and back.
We were the first group to hear about this at the Convention. Needless to say, it created a LOT of discussion and buzz. When it is announced at the NCAA Rules Clinic on Saturday to the whole group, it will be interesting - Should sound like the British House of Commons!
Thank you very much! That's big news... I've never seen a d-pole checked before, but please, check them all! I have a tough time with the face off guys coming out & getting checked, but if this is in an effort to make good checks knock the ball loose I'm all for it.