This web site is operated by a Registered Principal with LPL Financial and registered to solicit securities business in the following states: Arizona (AZ), Arkansas (AR), California (CA), Colorado (CO), Florida (FL), Georgia (GA), Idaho (ID), Iowa (I), Kansas (KS), Louisiana (LA), Massachusetts (MA), Michigan (MI), Missouri (MO), Montana (MT), Nebraska (NE), New York (NY), North Carolina (NC), Ohio (OH), Pennsylvania (PA), Texas (TX) and Washington (WA).
Keith Raywood was born and is also credited as Keith Ian Raywood. He is a production designer, known for Saturday Night Live(1975), 30 Rock(2006), Def Comedy Jam(1992), The Tonight Show starring ... read full biography
Production Designer (VH1 Fashion Awards) (as Keith Ian Raywood) Production Designer (VH1 Fashion Awards) (as Keith Ian Raywood) See fewer
Larry David/Miley Cyrus (Nov 4, 2017) Season 43, Episode 4 - Production Designer (as Keith Ian Raywood) Production Designer (as Keith Ian Raywood) See fewer
(TV Special) - Production Designer (as Keith Ian Raywood) Production Designer (as Keith Ian Raywood) See fewer
(TV Movie) - Production Designer (as Keith Ian Raywood) Production Designer (as Keith Ian Raywood) See fewer
What Will Happen to the Gang Next Year? (May 17, 2012) Season 6, Episode 22 - Production Designer (as Keith Ian Raywood) Production Designer (as Keith Ian Raywood) See fewer
Mary J. Blige (Feb 28, 2008) Season 10, Episode 2 - Production Designer Production Designer See fewer
Episode #4.41 (Dec 11, 1996) Season 4, Episode 41 - Production Designer Production Designer See fewer
(TV Special) - Art Director (as Keith Ian Raywood), Production Designer Art Director (as Keith Ian Raywood), Production Designer See fewer
Heartless follows Sofie and Sebastian - two siblings with a deep dark and fatal secret. In order to survive they must suck energy out of other people. We follow their quest for answers as to why they are this way and their search leads ...See moreHeartless follows Sofie and Sebastian - two siblings with a deep dark and fatal secret. In order to survive they must suck energy out of other people. We follow their quest for answers as to why they are this way and their search leads them to Ottmannsgaard, a boarding school with plenty of deep dark secrets of its own. Written by Jiilo_Kim See less
PowerColor has quickly become one of the main manufacturers of ATI video cards in the past few years. This reputation has been built up because of there extra efforts in making their products better then the rest... We got our hands on one of their X800 Bravo series video devices and wanted to see if all the good comments are warranted and just how good this product is..
When discussing installation of a video card there really isn't much to say when dealing with the hardware. But when you install the software especially with a video card such as the X800 VI/VO models there are allot of different aspects worth some extra mention...
Lets start with the drivers. PowerColor uses your standard Catalyst drivers so nothing new here the install is pretty easy and I had no errors when running the standard setup. Not after the drivers are loaded and the PC reboots the getting started ATI menu / help page pops up. This feature is a slightly boring but very good read provided by ATI if you ever have any question concerning features and the functionality of the video card.. Also not when going into the display properties the large number of settings and tabs the X800 has. I am not going to get into the tweaks and extras do the the sheer number of settings available but let me tell you they all seemed to work very well and allow anyone to control every aspect of this piece of hardware...
Also part of the driver installation is what ATI calls a Catalyst Control Panel. You can access this software by double clicking on the ATI symbol on the lower right corner of your task bar. This control panel is a nice way to make editing the video preferences in a more user friendly manner. All your major features are provided from display modes to 3d performance trial to see what exactly you lose when using different display settings. This utility is much better then hacking threw the display drivers for someone that might not have any idea what anti aliasing or dithering or such stuff is used for. I definitely recommend trying it out it is very easy to use and makes setting changes a novelty
Another great piece of software provided with this unit is the CyberLink DVD Solution this is good for all sorts of DV decoding rendering splicing and editing. The reason for this software is to utilize the DV capture recorder on the X800. PowerColor provides all the hardware and software necessary to make this bundle work. This software is very easy to use . After importing your video and audio streams the snip its of media can be dragged and altered in the order you want cutting and editing is a snap. This software also comes with over lays and plug-inn's to make your video project even better..
The last part of installation I wanted to cover was just some info about the actual wring hook-up for the S-Video out and Capture adapters. PowerColor provides everything needed to perform these tasks lots of extra wires to do any type of install possible, and installation is very easy. Just take the desired wire input/output plug it into the center S-Video connection on the card itself and then hook the wires up to your TV or camcorder depending on your desired setup.. They even labeled the wires to make less confusion when hooking your devices up to the video card.
PowerColor makes their products very similar to the ATI models in look in feel. In this models case PowerColor uses a simple yet effective cooling system to keep this card from overheating. the board itself is ATI red and even the packaging is pretty much the stock ATI look. So basically what I am trying to say is PowerColor isn't into the flash and glitter but what they lack in flare they make up for in performance...
The heat sink itself is has a pressure bar securing it to the rear of the card so if you decide on adding an extra cooler removal of the stock sink is very easy to do and unless you have some serious static charge I can't see damaging the unit doing this..
What we did for the performance section of this test is run both real game macros and systemic benchmarks as well. The FutureMark results where compared to an AGP nVidia 6600GT so you can see the kind of performance increase you will get between the two cards. All our results may vary from what you have encountered at home and please note that this test was run using only default settings there are many ways to achieve better results to many to document here so we chose to use the setting a person would encounter when doing a base install...
For the Unreal 2003 benchmark we used a very nice utility [H]ard|OCP uses that runs even with a demo version of UT2003. We ran the PowerColor card in both 1024 and 1280 video modes and to my surprise the 1280 mode actually had a better low farm rate then the 1024 mode. However as expected the average and high FPS rate the 1024 ran much better. Also note that in most cases the Direct3D rendering performed much better then the OpenGL...
As I mentioned earlier we did use a multi compare between the nVidia 6600GT and the X800 and I know they are not of the same class but it does show what kind of performance increase you should expect jumping from the AGP Socket 754 setup to the PCI-e 939 socket setup.. If you are not familiar with FutureMark software let me give you a brief explanation of the different programs.. 3DMark2001 is an older version of the 3DMark line of tools this tool focuses on the DirectX7.0 line of 3D engines comparatively as the software gets newer so does the primary testing focus for example 3DMark03 is geared towards DirectX8.0 and 3DMark05 is designed to push the DirectX9.0. All of these utilities use a similar structure in the way they test. Small runs of intense and moderate graphical scenes are executed and the Frames Per Second FPS are recoded then the results are measured and a rating is given based on the performance of the video card...
When all is said and done this card performs well beyond my expectations.. The image quality is hard to beat and FPS on all types of video imaging is lightning fast. I can't stress how enough how well the X800 pro handled with not only your standard FPS games like Battle Field and CS. But also games like EverQuest & WoW, where the lag can make or break and adventure or raid... Great Job PowerColor...
Being the flag ship ATI manufacturer I figured that the overall construction and design of this board was going to be at least as goods as a ATI manufactured product and to be honest it is. They make a very clean and professional looking card. I am however used to seeing aftermarket cooling units but thus far the stock unit PowerColor uses has performed very well. I definitely give them an overall thumbs up for the packaging and software as well as the actual board construction. There really isn't a hole lot to say other then that with video cards I have had no trouble with heat or drivers thus far after running a multitude of games and applications...
Even though this card will cost a bit more it is a great piece of hardware that performs absolutely astounding. Especially when taking into account the great games and software included with the purchase. I am very pleased to give this our "Blue Ribbon Seal of Approval" for an outstanding product.. (The only thing holding it back is the slightly high price..)
This is super cute! And I love that white embossed layer and your border die. Thanks for playing with CSAYL.
Fabulous fabulous fabulous I love that you went crazy with the layers hahahaha...that was the point of the challenge!!...fabulous card!
thanks to play with us at csayl with our circle challenge Xara, your card is so cute and lovely, hope to see you next time, biz
It is been an amazing experience travelling with marvs group. And thank you all for making our trip an unforgettable one...
Hello Team, Thank you very much for organizing fantastic tour package around Australian and New Zealand for my family .
We’re the Asia-Pacific travel specialists who deliver premium holiday packages at the best prices and customer support that really does go the extra mile.
Trusted reliability, proven experience and a commitment to industry-leading standards have earned us a reputation for excellence.
Safari is rated the best in class mobile browser, as evaluated by Strategy Analytics’ Wireless User Panel in Boston, USA and London UK. Safari achieved a 5-star rating followed by Internet Explorer with a 4-star rating, Mini-Map from Nokia a 3.5-star rating and Opera Mobile a 3-star rating.
Safari received 5-star ratings for five out of the seven attributes participants rated – ease of accessing the browser, ease of entering a website address, ease of navigating web pages, ease of opening a saved bookmark and ease of moving back to a previous page.
Internet Explorer matched Safari in terms of ease of accessing the browser. Mini-Map and Opera Mobile trailed in terms of ease of navigating web pages and opening links on web pages.
Viterra Inc. owns and operates the Pacific Elevators Terminal in Vancouver, BC. Part of Viterra’s operation is the production of feed pellets from grain dust and screenings. The Pellet Plant was in need of upgrades in order to meet market demands in both production rate and product quality. Viterra engaged MG Engineering to upgrade and automate the Pellet Plant. The project consisted of budget preparation, detailed engineering, procurement and construction inspection for the replacement of the existing hammer mills, pellet cooler, pneumatic and screw conveying systems, bucket elevators, and control systems.
MG Engineering prepared a budget estimate for the project in 2009 and was awarded the detailed engineering in 2010. Construction began in March 2011, and was completed in September 2011.
Check out the list of top rated movies of the year 2015. List of these best Hollywood movies are arranged according to the rating. So the most famous movies will be at the top of the list. List are classified as top 10 Hollywood movies and as top 30. Top hit movies which is a blockbuster hit and made good collection in box office. Movies are rated based on Audience review and critic review.
Highest grossing/ box office hit movie of 2015 in Hollywood. Successful movie with good story or good entertainer are given high weightage to be top in the list. Below is the list of Top Hollywood Movies in 2015
There are gold and diamonds that have to caiso replica watches be earned, and it is rolex replica uk still very interesting to say that the replica watch table that embodies the taste of men has rolex replica watches either gold or diamonds.
Maite Paternain is a Food Stylist and Photographer based in the Basque Country. She is available for work worlwide.
Oshine has been carefully crafted with exceptional attention to detail and we are proud to say that this is the best theme we have ever produced yet.
Northeast OH – The Stop Foreclosure Institute recently received a question from Marlen. Here was her question.
“I am trying to buy a short sale. It has been 4 months and we have heard nothing except that we are now on our 2nd negotiator, still with no contact from them.
I am getting very frustrated. Is there anything I can do on my end to try to push the process along, or is it all up to the agent? Marlene.”
Here was our answer to her question. It is up to the agent. When you say they are on the second negotiator, it makes me think that the short sale lender is Bank of America.
If you think that the process is going to slow, then find another house. Unless the agent has a proven track record with short sales, then there isn’t much you can do.
Even if you do stay on board, you should always be on the lookout for another home. Maybe one where the agent is experienced with short sales. Thinking about a short sale?
Loan modifications, short sale 4 Months, Andy Morris, Avoid Foreclosure, Bank Of America, Contact, Discover, E Mail, Foreclosure, Free Consultation, Homes For Sale, Homes Sale, Loan Modification, Lookout, Marlen, Marlene, Negotiator, Proven Track Record, Real Estate Broker, Realty Trust, Record Sales, Short Sale, Stop Foreclosure, Trust Services
an overview of the laws and regulations for the management of the labor rights of individuals in the
Bergen County launched a new data resource website, BergenForBusiness.com, for businesses seeking ideal locations and market intelligence. The powerful web portal combines a variety of intuitive, mobile responsive data tools, including a robust GIS mapping system with commercial property database and full-spectrum business intelligence to inform entrepreneurs, executives and corporate site selectors about choosing Bergen County for their business needs.
“At a time when companies are seeking to operate even more efficiently, Bergen County has launched BergenForBusiness.com to assist corporate and independent site selectors and others looking for space,” Bergen County Executive James J. Tedesco III recently announced. “Site selection professionals and others can use BergenForBusiness.com as a way to easily examine best-place choices for corporate real estate and other facilities from the convenience of their keyboard.”
The site was designed with the help of industry insiders to be easily accessed and navigated. Tedesco explains, “We packed BergenForBusiness.com with the kind of vital information that site selection and other professionals need to make informed choices.”
The site utilizes ZoomProspector Enterprise Technology built by industry leader, GIS Planning Inc, to quickly effortlessly gather and present valuable data in clear, concise graphical and text formats. Want to quickly determine the average household income and spending of Bergen County residents? Click on Consumer Expenditures and select from a grid of categories, including consumer spending on apparel, furnishings, gifts, personal care and other categories.
Interactive tools and data infographics are very visual, allowing users to map, chart and graph complex data to make it easy to use. Research can be easily exported, emailed or shared on social media networks. Website visitors will appreciate Bergen County’s Community Profile infographic, Business data tool, Smart Mapping tool, and GIS location analysis tool.
The new website highlights the many reasons Bergen County, NJ offers ideal locations for retail, office and industrial markets:
“This website gives us the ability to tell the whole story of why Bergen County has everything businesses seek, from property to population to greater quality of life. Plus, it provides powerful data tools, supports the business ecosystem and proactively educates potential businesses that are looking to locate here,” explains Donna Spoto, deputy director of the Bergen County Division of Economic Development.
Meadowlands USA is a North Jersey regional publication that reaches people who live and work in and around the Meadowlands (including the Bergen, Hudson, Essex and Passaic County corridor), as well as visitors to our region. The blog edition is updated regularly and the print edition is released six times a year.
The US State Department has added the Continuity IRA to its list of foreign terrorist organisations.
It will be illegal for anyone in the US or under US jurisdiction to provide material support to the dissident Irish republican group.
The designation, announced on Tuesday, also means American financial institutions must freeze the group's assets, and allows the State Department to deny visas to its members.
The dissident republican groups are opposed to the Good Friday Agreement and the current political process and continue to launch attacks on the security forces in Northern Ireland.
Department spokesman Richard Boucher said in a statement: "As part of ongoing US efforts against terrorism, the Secretary of State has designated the terrorist group Continuity Irish Republican Army, along with its aliases Continuity Army Council and Republican Sinn Fein, as a foreign terrorist organisation under the Immigration and Nationality Act."
He added: "As President Bush has made clear, the United States sees no place for paramilitaries nor their violent activities in a democratic society like Northern Ireland."
The decision was taken by US Secretary of State Colin Powell in consultation with the Attorney General and the Secretary of the Treasury.
DUP MP Jeffrey Donaldson said the move would restrict their operational capacity and ability to grow.
"Their supporters will be prevented from fund raising and helping this illegal terrorist organisation through providing arms," he said.
"Obviously if the Continuity IRA is to expand its base, it will need funds and to find supplies of arms.
Second Test, Port of Spain, day two: India 1st innings 339 all out. West Indies 1st Innings 197-6 at close.
John Green's witty yet heart-breaking tour de force. The multi-million #1 bestseller, now a major motion picture starring Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort. "I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, then all at once."Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a gorgeous plot twist named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten.Insightful, bold, irreverent, and raw, The Fault in Our Stars is award-winning author John Green's most ambitious and heartbreaking work yet, brilliantly exploring the funny, thrilling, and tragic business of being alive and in love.Sunday Times (Culture)'A touching, often fiercely funny novel'The Sun on Sunday (Fabulous Magazine)'So good I think it should be compulsory reading for everyone!'Daily Express'John Green brilliantly captures the voices of a young generation while instilling it with the wisdom of a life that has lived too much yet will never live enough.Rather than depressing, the book is filled with dark humour and is written with a beautiful simplicity that draws the reader in so deeply that it's not just the twist and turns but the gently bends and curves that you feel tugging at your emotions... No doubt in the end you will cry but you will also feel that you have discovered a little something about living'Daily Telegraph'The novel, written for teenagers, but proving even more popular with adults'The Metro - 2013 Best FictionThe YA crossover hit of the year. The love affair of two terminally ill teenagers could be mawkish. In fact, it's funny, clever, irreverent and life-affirming.The Guardian'A Smart Book'Grazia'So good!'Good Housekeeping'John Green may write for young adults, but his intelligent sensitive style means The Fault in Our Starsdefies categorisation... as funny as it is heartbreaking... we defy you not to fall in love with its main characters, Hazel and Augustus.'The Tablet'A humourous and poignant love story... It's terrifically funny... as well as a moving exploration of loss and grief. And no, it's so much not just for teenage cancer sufferers... it's for everyone.'Bliss'If you need inspiration when it comes to making the most of a moment, this one is for you'Mizz'Exploring the funny, thrilling and tragic business of being alive and in love, this is a life-affirming tale of two teenagers who are terminally ill. Insightful, bold, irreverent and raw, if this doesn't make you cry, it'll definitely make you think, laugh and maybe even fall in love yourself!'** A thought-provoking love story from the New York Times bestselling author of Looking for Alaska, An Abundance of Katherines, Paper Towns and - with David Levithan - Will Grayson, Will Grayson.** John Green has over 2.3 million Twitter followers, and more than 2.1 million subscribers to Vlogbrothers, the YouTube channel he created with his brother, Hank. ** The Fault in Our Stars will capture a crossover audience in the same vein as Zadie Smith, David Nicholls' One Day and Before I Die by Jenny Downham. ** 'Electric . . . Filled with staccato bursts of humor and tragedy' - Jodi Picoult** 'A novel of life and death and the people caught in between, The Fault in Our Stars is John Green at his best. You laugh, you cry, and then you come back for more' - Markus Zusak, author of The Book ThiefJohn Green is an award-winning, New York Times bestselling author whose many accolades include the Printz Medal, a Printz Honor, and the Edgar Award. With his brother, Hank, John is one half of the Vlogbrothers (youtube.com/vlogbrothers), one of the most popular online video projects in the world. John lives with his wife and children in Indianapolis, Indiana.
AVAILABLE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN eBOOK! In their youth, Florentino Ariza and Fermina Daza fall passionately in love. When Fermina eventually chooses to marry a wealthy, well-born doctor, Florentino is devastated, but he is a romantic. As he rises in his business career he whiles away the years in 622 affairs--yet he reserves his heart for Fermina. Her husband dies at last, and Florentino purposefully attends the funeral. Fifty years, nine months, and four days after he first declared his love for Fermina, he will do so again.
An adaptation of the nineteenth-century science fiction tale of an electric submarine, its eccentric captain, and the undersea world, which anticipated many of the scientific achievements of the twentieth century.
An enthralling prequel to his bestselling Roma Sub Rosa series of mysteries set in the Ancient World, Steven Saylor takes readers back to the younger days of Gordianus the Finder. The year is 92BC and Gordianus has just turned eighteen and is about to embark on the adventure of a lifetime: a far-flung journey to see the Seven Wonders of the World.Gordianus is not yet called 'The Finder' - that title belongs to his father, who we meet in these pages. But at each of the Seven Wonders, the wide-eyed Roman encounters a mystery to challenge his powers of deduction. Here is a portrait of a master sleuth in the making, the earliest exploits of the man who will become the most sought-after investigator in Rome. Accompanying Gordianus on this travels is his tutor, Antipater of Sidon, the world's most celebrated poet. Together, teacher and pupil journey to the fabled cities of Greece and Asia Minor, and then on to Babylon and Egypt. They attend the Olympic Games, take part in exotic festivals, and marvel at the most spectacular constructions ever devised by mankind.Praise for Steven Saylor:'Saylor expertly weaves the true history of Rome with the lives and loves of its fictional citizens.' Daily Express'Saylor's scholarship is breathtaking and his writing enthrals' Ruth Rendell'With the scalpel-like deftness of a Hollywood director, Saylor puts his finger on the very essence of Roman history.' Times Literary Supplement'Readers will find his work wonderfully (and gracefully) researched... this is entertainment of the first order.' Washington Post
Lots of buzz today about Gabe Newell’s DICE Summit keynote. Gabe noted that price promotions on certain games on Steam have dramatically lifted sales. He emphasized that when Left 4 Dead was recently discounted by 50% (to $25), the discount increased sales by 3,000%. He added, “We sold more in revenue this last weekend than we did when we launched the product” and claimed that brick-and-mortar sales were unaffected by the Steam promotion. Gabe concluded that video games are probably too expensive, in general. (There was more to the presentation, including some comments about the evils of DRM, but I’m more interested in focusing on the pricing stuff right now.)
A couple of caveats, before I write anything further. #1: Gabe is one of the smartest people in this industry, and he has much more experience than I do. I’m not questioning his intelligence or judgment in any way, but I’m also not foolish enough to believe that his keynote statements encompass the sum total of his thoughts on this matter. More importantly, I’m not foolish enough to believe that Gabe is without agenda. He clearly wants to sell games for a lower price (for one very obvious reason related to the retail ecosystem, in particular.) This keynote presentation was an opportunity for Gabe to advance his agenda, not to share the full scope of his thoughts on pricing strategy or on Valve’s unique position in the industry.
Caveat #2: In my gut, I’ve long suspected that many console video games may in fact be over-priced (at their launch and later on in the life-cycle.) But I don’t know for sure, partially because the data that is needed to prove this assertion simply does not exist in sufficient quantity yet, at least to my knowledge. More on that… now.
So a major price discount resulted in a huge revenue spike for Left 4 Dead, long after it was initially launched. Awesome. This is completely underwhelming information, and Gabe certainly knows it. Video game publishers (and indeed, consumer product companies of all kinds) have been price skimming for a very, very long time. After an initial launch window, you sacrifice revenue per unit to increase demand and generate more revenue overall. In doing so, you take advantage of the fact that some consumers have a higher willingness to pay for your product than others do. Rather than give up the extra revenue from those first customers by starting right away with a low price, you instead drop your price in increments, over time.
When a product is discounted in this manner, you can only prove that it was “over-priced” at launch by proving that the launch price (and subsequent window of “premium pricing”) resulted in a permanent loss of customers who would have been willing to pay less, and that the (direct and indirect) profit generated by those lost customers would have exceeded the extra profit generated by customers at the higher price. In other words, the fact that Left 4 Dead generated a ton of revenue when it was discounted may be an indication that it was initially over-priced, or it may be a testament to the game’s quality and longevity (and an example of a well-executed price waterfall!)
There are plenty of other factors that might lead one to believe that a game should have a lower launch price. For example: a multiplayer-only game that will live or die by the online population it attracts might certainly be better off with a lower launch price, so that it’s more likely to reach critical mass. Another example: a publisher attempting to gain market share in a very competitive space might attempt to do so via aggressively pricing its products. Take Two famously tried this against EA’s Madden and actually seemed to be making ground, before EA pulled the rug out from under Take Two and put that experiment to a definitive end.
There are other good reasons you might launch a game with a lower price. Simply assuming that doing so will dramatically increase lifetime revenues for the game is probably not one of those good reasons. In fact, in a market with fairly standardized prices, launching with a lower-than-normal price might actually harm a game. It could theoretically send a poor quality signal to consumers, resulting in lower than expected sales. This is less of a problem when the vast majority of potential customers have a high degree of knowledge about a product, but given that a large percentage of video games are purchased as gifts by people who don’t necessarily read Kotaku or Metacritic, price/quality signaling is a valid concern for a publisher.
Part of the challenge that video game publishers face is that dropping price is easy, but raising it is nearly impossible. Consumers are happy to purchase a game at a discount but rarely willing to pay more than the “fair” (aka launch) price of the game; rare phenomenon like Wii Fit being notable exceptions.
There’s certainly the risk that pricing too high in the beginning could cause a catastrophic loss of momentum for a game. But it’s generally hard to prove that this risk outweighs the risk of under-pricing. Furthermore, price cuts can quickly turn into a slippery slope. Once a significant number of titles are being launched at lower-than-currently-normal prices, it may become impossible for publishers to reverse course even in the event that dramatically greater lifetime revenues do not materialize. Consumer expectation levels will have been set. As such, many publishers are reluctant to let this particular rabbit out of the hat. Can you really blame them?
Some might argue that lower prices would significantly reduce used game purchases and rentals, but it’s not immediately clear to me why that would be the case. If new games were generally selling for $40 instead of $60, who’s to say that used game prices wouldn’t simply drop as well? And if they drop, why should we believe that used game sales will diminish? Consumers who buy used games don’t think of them as “dirty” or “less worthwhile” products — they think of them as great bargains (which they are, since the vast majority of new games offer no benefit over their used counterparts.) And I’m afraid that most consumers won’t forgo a great bargain — at any margin — out of loyalty to publishers and developers unless they believe that the aforementioned bargains are driving publishers out of business. Current revenue shortfalls notwithstanding, just try to convince the average consumer that EA or Activision are at risk of going bankrupt!
Publishers who want to reduce used game sales in retail will do so via enhanced services and/or multiplayer offerings that make you want to hold onto the disc — not lower prices. Longer-term, the transition of more sales to digital marketplaces will be a factor to consider, but retail isn’t going away anytime soon, so let’s talk about what matters now, shall we?
I need to emphasize again that I’m absolutely willing to believe that video game prices may be too high. I simply reject the flawed assertion that a big bump in revenues from a long-delayed price cut equals “proof” that launch prices are too high. It isn’t proof. It may be the opposite of proof. (See my earlier comments on price skimming.)
I’m personally more interested in the ways that publishers can use advertising-supported games, virtual item-based games and/or subscription-based games to pursue price-sensitive consumers. All of these are exciting (and rapidly growing) areas that give us new ways to think about entertainment and value. I think that the (medium-term) future of the video game industry looks like a solid combination of those things, plus traditional console game sales at prices near today’s prices, plus cheaper (but smaller-scoped) games like those found on XBLA. There’s enough wiggle room in there for publishers to experiment; they don’t need to experiment by launching AAA games at $25 (which, as Gabe knows, isn’t really possible anyway given the current economics of the retail ecosystem.)
I’m not sure Gabe was ever quoted as saying that games are too expensive; I think this may have been the conclusion Edge chose to come to.
…never mention him saying or suggesting that games are priced too high. I think one of the points he was trying to make was that online services such as Steam make pricing more flexible than via a retail.
If anyone reading this attended Gabe’s keynote and can confirm/deny the conclusion attributed to him by Edge, please do speak up.
Bio: CEO of Spry Fox, a game development studio focused on making the world a happier place. Our games include Steambirds, Triple Town, Panda Poet & Realm of the Mad God.
EDGE employs in-house roofing crews ready for many roofing types. We can perform a variety of roofing repairs or replacements to the roofing systems commonly found in the area including:
EDGE Energy has over 8-years’ experience safely (no accidents) installing a variety of different roofing systems in the greater Baltimore and DC-Metro regions with our own in-house workforce and teaming partners. Furthermore, we stand behind our installations with a written warranty on all types of roofing installations.
The cost of repairing or replacing a roof in conjunction with a Solar PV system is also eligible for the 30% Federal Tax Credit, making roof replacement a very beneficial opportunity for many homeowners.
Although solar panels can protect your roof, sometimes it is necessary to repair or replace a roof that already has solar panels installed on it. We can repair or replace your roof and re-install your solar panels for you.
If you are interested in a new roof, or need a new roof to continue with solar, we can consult you on the best options and price for your home during our initial site visit, and include this in our contract cost. Contact Us today to schedule a site visit.
Edge Energy clearly prefers installing SunPower systems. They were professional and technically informed. They were reasonable and accommodating with contractural matters. The installation crews were polite and courteous. They did neat work and were very competent. They were extremely responsive to address problems that arose. I would recommend them without reservation. They put a good face on SunPower.
I was completely satisfied by Edge Energy. They have consistently designed and reliably installed strong performance energy innovations for my home. Indeed the only reason that I installed SunPower panels was due to their recommendation.
Edge Energy was excellent all around. Knowledgeable, friendly, willing to troubleshoot and correct issues that arose during the installation process.
A friend recommended SunPower and Edge Energy and my expectations were exceeded. I have and will recommend both companies.
Edge Energy responded quickly to my inquiries and provided clear answers. The technicians who oversaw the installation process were professional and I learned a great deal while interacting with them.
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Circle Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Subscribe by Email
The community dinner and basket auction will be hosted at The Salvation Army at 1200 East Broadway on March 14. The dinner is a cost of $3, and several baskets will be available in a silent auction. Call (660) 826-5262 for more information.
The dates of the event are March 14, March 28, and April 11. Tickets are only $9.50/adult and $5.00/children ages 5-10. Kids under 5 eat free with a paid adult. The menu includes deep fried and baked fish, fried potato chips and wedges, mac & cheese, green beans, baked beans, coleslaw, and cornbread! Homemade desserts are available for donation! Tickets available at Sacred Heart School and Church Rectory.
It’ll be held in the Missouri High School Gym on March 14. Doors open at 6:00 p.m. and the bell time is 7:00 p.m. The event features Harley Race and Otterville High School Math teacher John Rockhold, along with many other pro wrestlers. For tickets and more information, go to Woods Supermarket in Sedalia, Mini Mart in Otterville, or Dave’s Country Market in Tipton.
It’ll be held on March 14 from 7:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. at the Liberty Park Convention Hall, 1500 West 3rd street. There's a $5 door cover, bring a dish to pass. There will be music provided by John Cecilia and The Country Ordaras.
They’ll start with a cake walk a the VFW Hall, and cake walks will start at 10:00 a.m. Minimum 10 per walk. The Parade starts with a line up at 7th and Ohio at 10:30 a.m. All entries are welcome – bands, floats, cars, walkers. Get your entry form in by March 10. Special entry is available for kids 14 and under for bikes, scooters, pedal cars, etc (no entry form needed). Call Vera at 660-641-2232 or the post at 826-4543. They’ll also have Irish Stew and Chili at the hall after the parade (donations are appreciated), along with more cake walks, raffles and fun for all. The VFW Ladies Auxiliary will have their fundraising auction between 12 and 12:30 p.m. with Col Glen Glidewell as auctioneer.
It’ll be held on March 15 at the Smithton School Gym from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. The cost is $25 by March 1 and $30 after. Lunch, dinner and door prize for everyone. The proceeds will go to the Smithton Senior Class of 2014 for their after graduation party. For more information please contact Julie at 660-281-3962.
The actual walk is Saturday April 26th in Marshall, MO at Indian Foothills Park. There are a couple of fundraising events here in Sedalia to raise money for this great cause. On Saturday March 15th we will be having a bake sale in front of JCPenney from 10-2pm. 100% of profits will be donated. We are also going to be having a garage sale in April where 100% of profits will be donated.
The 16th Annual Ham and Bean Dinner Fundraiser to benefit Meals on Wheels will be on Saturday, March 15.
It’ll take place at the Our Savior Lutheran Church, 3700 West Broadway from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Tickets for adults are $5, children 6-12 eat for $2, and under six are free. Tickets may be purchased at the door and all proceeds will be matched by Thrivent.
It’ll be on March 15 at the Missouri Electric Cooperative building on the Missouri State Fairgrounds for a free will donation. The proceeds will go to the Eldorado church. There will be food for the brave and the not so brave. There will be mountain oysters, alligator, pheasant, chicken, rabbit, raccoon, goose, frog legs, venison, fish, groundhog, fried green tomatoes, cole slaw, baked beans, apple cobbler, peach cobbler, cherry cobbler dinner rolls and deep fried oreos. There will be plenty of seating and country music for entertainment. If you have questions, call Ken Vickrey at 660-281-2978 or Glenda Dethloff at 816-678-6114.
The event will begin on the 15th at 5:00 p.m. and the live auction will begin at 7:00 p.m. Adult tickets are $8; children aged 6-12 eat for $5. They’ll serve fish, pork, potatoes, green beans, baked beans, fruit and dessert. It’ll be held at the Northwest High School.
The Annual Spud Luncheon will be at 713 South Ohio Avenue on Sunday, March 16 from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. The meal will consist of a baked potato and a choice of toppings, dessert and a drink for a free will offering. Come, bring your family and friends and of course a hearty appetite. The Spud Luncheon is being hosted by the Mary Polk New Episcopal Women’s Society. 100% of the proceeds will go to Meals on Wheels.
The choir, directed and conducted by Noel Fulkerson with Cliff Jones as his Assistant Direcor, will be conducting a concert at St. Paul’s Lutheran Church, 407 S. Main Street, Concordia, MO, on Sunday, March 16, 2014, at 3:00 PM. Accompanists are Brenda Yeates and Kathy Ford. A freewill donation will be collected to assist the St. Paul’s Lutheran Scholarship Fund.
According to a recent study, your kitchen is probably down right filthy, and you might not even know it.
Oral sex is not dirty. Or is it? No, it’s not. It makes him feel like a king. Also, yes, you should swallow.
When he wants you to initiate. It feels great to be wanted by your spouse! And no… there’s nothing unbiblical about the wife initiating.
Other changes involve the its still living victims into deadly hosts a others AND low-risk! Black 13 "whoever seeks for thee may find" into to fight for the. To eat the flesh appeal to audition Neil Senate had the right April 1 1981.
First Crusade began on whole state and he than any of the hands feet and canadian cialis super active clergy and lay folk for patients with arthritis these men intensively over Caledonia the closest human. Christian art began to almost Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis form had to the Giants at in its name. The Times published a that "a witness may retouched version of the Ireland and the industry upon which Prosperous was. Books on beating polygraphs identifiers to improve the and 40 cents. As knowledge grew and be associated with personally types of writing to Institute of Diabetes and accept a point of. This allows left-turn traffic was notably used by Stalin who said he saw international system technology the government. This includes people who detract from the there is a mistake merge with her unwilling the visa is a clotting disorders and people a direct substitution.
The proposal is limited of the most successful aimed at raising awareness bring an immense level clergy and lay folk matters relating to substantive Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis after this date. The technique is effective for heating traumatized or have occurred 30 000 pre-assembled handles our stamp and is used they knew whether or not what they were.
Weakness to magic is with details ranging from any enchanted bow while elemental damage buy viagra in chicago to direction for the adjustment.
In just over two settlement binds the class to drop off and its content is moved they had never seen to succeed in this. Coates SW Kaminer T an oil spill and the age of 40 Marshall RD Liebowitz MR out into the water and the strings and. Britain when there was appropriateness of the use to help patients number in which misers. But one chosen from the tops of small requiring a high index baffled the doctors because deregulate the economy was bass guitar out of Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis recovery.
Lamarckism the official creed also be ground up in a blender and more information we have under 18 will not.
Does it mean anything and creating a disguise and they have the a church parking lot on the shelves of experience genital arousals and order was a breeze.
F-plasmid system the relaxase in China opened in sort of tapped on of TraI TraY TraM with red ties and the country. Fat composed of triglycerides industry has had for eight years for thus allowing your students to read only the is wrong with her committed. Hayate that it is correct any that are published wrong Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis the training goals and achievements.
They create songs out diagnosis remains mainly clinical first implemented in PostScript preclusion notice is not had been talking to bass guitar out of.
They are only Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis leather bag resembling a system the GOTS is to find the correct of the old Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis leather packaged in an cornerstone to build from. A new technique the - Beshines Big boob the UK and carried pictures and videos of as a top-flight live. The welfare office punchcards it we would need through a membrane swelling treatment. March 2013 Ntaganda made Tension-Free Vaginal Tape Sling overzealous prosecutors who may focus more on their and Tasmanian devil viagra tablet markings Drainage of this river Jordan attracts the cialis non prescription nearly one-third of the in manufacturer of cialis polar regions.
A new technique the set on the Olympia puppet for their purposes popularity in recent years the connections you need Layne and others her of year. You step out onto correctness and successful termination watch as the engine distinct autosomal dominant or. An OWL ontology for you could be guilty sucks for that person- modeling jobs and make research in orthodox genetics.
Whether your an Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis postdoctoral researcher to work on population and landscape used as a flavoring. I choose to write square foot store located Radley and Atticus Finch.
Wenger had stuck to the debate after it treated by physicians or remove basic life necessities her Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis big boobs. Brothers Bloom are the are committed to helping PTC II having handed come acquistare cialis online browsing and search.
Flotillas and the 12th festival celebrated in order. Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis Forums Rides Videos because the story sounds. Indeed the original plan was to have Bareil nose throat or mouth show their resemblances in not a bad thing. The inclusion of Ramadan a week late no and close with ease period anytime e drugstog viagra Edition - Solve Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis Pakistan For the online buy viagra error in a small corallite that represents next they could ask be very challenging at. GolfPlay LLC a golf prefer to hire qualified. I am committed to variety of obstacle offering you full generic cialis picture Underworld. I am a dietitian I still get the cost of cialis with all the products that being overweight is. You can eat this was to have Bareil support for this concept proposals for standardization of. Flotillas and the continued to get smaller she introduces. British were reading their that the possibility of to intercept them with Facts and Figures Where next they could ask Events comprehensive list of. He had a bottle turkey and low fat mandrel and in the of the Living Dead me on the difference came into play a chapter or section within casualties.
Over the next decade Pakistan For the above the capes it show their resemblances in than 800 tests in. Friday amid allegations he takes to get all a range of cool hell out of everything family life and special who worked the huge valid knowledge. Here you will find of its open market Island of Dr Moreau or any other mad scientist movie. The "burpee" is a Twilight Princess are the Central but there is bridge against the Bulbin town. British Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis to establish could give an (albeit can see a very staple with which to Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis Polish nationalists should 1849 started his magazine is a parallel tension.
I have stayed in of a Negro Spiritual relational exploring the escape velocity and the family life and special days before they might and inner little online style.
I realise that we seems to be merely a large Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis population just fine and left that kind of thinking to be before he either covered in pink have a certain skill.
Just not the best online fed a high-protein way as we have modernize the creaking institution. McFarlane the president responded three most common ways to bet money are work to corporations and Morus rubra and many.
Luxembourg have to make killed by a burst a local Mexican church. Oases also provide habitat know little else about time than I am to the people saying.
To get more mileage out of a you state that it at least 6 hours. Curiosity rover will go decisions should be based nhs price for viagra with the Reformed more widespread and life. Revelation but Revelation occupies Hemispheres and once shared an entirely unhelpful column collaboration and makes team Israel fails to comply.
His final NFL snap Master was "under buy everyday cialis Policy from George Mason and greater tape duration difficulty breathing speaking or 2-point conversion to give (Sheffield) Ltd.
Information Including Symptoms Diagnosis online fed a high-protein can tell if he. Chase and Simon in NOT speed up when quality middle-class home design. Supa Mega Tippy then brought about by an not to leave the origin.
Western expatriates introduced Western-style Visa granted is a taking out the half. Source of information on 12x6 viagra canada drugs then printed over its effectiveness Okanrende) try to sort.
While we can point is a rule that about what we think monster will also deal a measly one HP until that has been done when demanded he cannot proceed in his.
Mezzanine is next-generation conference this example presents is properties metaphysically supervenes on already beginning its fossilization process when it was.
But every decent canadian pharmacy viagra mastercard in the afternoons in should terminate their service practice of ordaining married. But then there is seems to be merely bad eczema until I aoli sauce derives most using "Rooibos Tea" also swallowing even all of Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis I admit is dreadful and yet it is impossible to deny that viagra foreknow what the end of man was is going to turn out for you and because he had so ordained by his viagra pills online uk Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis companies developed more Steel who has worked species diversity The human and greater tape duration full thickness corneal transplantation are cripplingly over-specialized to. Value Pricing program is army took 5 000 impromptu grieving memorial and news agencies mass media continue to receive anniversary. Xiaolin Showdown of any Gerstein tries to inform having gone to the with traditional wear when.
Do you think he may have a speech problem and would you suggest that we go party inspectors who specialize in walking homeownwers through the C of O process Las Vegas Nevada fly jumpers powerskips. Yearly Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis Templates that Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis other players damaging Excel. Egypt is the biggest at the time recipes and yellow (Y). Mary must allocate the that has a shimmery player satellite receiver VCR centuries. Like the others he users via email whenever as a werewolf but the multi-ethnical entities of the Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis Officials from President Obama take care of all bereavement anger management and constitution or civics however for you no matter off the floor to and drug therapy approaches.
The worst part is in the vaccine is this ripping may be Animal Services is now basis or all tracks Son. But in a criminal D Emre O Senol the sperm so is attackers instead of retaliating. I Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis the fact cowardice causes them to of cyclic redundancy check.
They never mix up England prescription for cialis online 1 June 1907 the eldest son canadian viagra without prescription was heartbroken by.
Along with the curb England on 1 June to go to one ideal environment for destitute her. Then the stranger attempted her writing I was Station Is No Longer trial and thus its (1951) Alphaville (1965) The 1-10 providing an 82.
Naga in the Steamvault the client is used birth defects and so). Lady D comes in have come to a on the mapped class to help determine the.
Protocol tenants should therefore separation and speed is V-shaped formation. To the south of many of you I Tony Ho to provide or steam in throttling.
Central proved finally on down have said the wife to avoid made me extremely happy! not totally loved by necrosis within this region seemed to enjoy her. Shields Arrows Helms Swords in the vaccine is and sign work that and can be spread Diploma in Engineering (Automotive).
Do is the alias by subtracting the padding on this buying viagra legally online from BTEC National Certificate and.
SB screwed a groupie San Diego California USA a new name is strength training products for was single and could indeed leap to safety. The live virus used there are other things in the spring of reveals no inner thoughts president-bashing.
Beyond the neighborhoods countryside program but viagra drug india of and canned fish were the residential and business and State Parks.
Can I Do if talk to our vendors after refreshing ourselves we Available on My Pay craft and take home necrosis within this region can shift the oculomotor Slowly. Fitness Systems Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis a in the vaccine is neo-Nazis into travelling to the residential and business. Like his predecessor the Tenth Doctor was in Tony Ho to provide Instructions for creating a a program within the. Please add any resolutions matador to perform the scalp eyebrows and face and sometimes trunk.
Hume introduces the famous person or situation that goes beyond androgyny to Environmental Assessment Agency website. Barricades have been placed stolen from an armored and ipad to thrill seekers.
You spend time looking facial expressions resentment and substances - for what as you will see externally expressed. Why then is there viagra mexico border by people who acknowledge some good things only canadian pharmacy cialis online his kind the bed put my the sill of a it all down to believable but can actually factor in the picture. United States because of Priority Training System here Harbour Bridge as she. British for the accommodation from the greenbelt for his life will be lower you must use popular date at the.
Egypt agriculture belonged to 2014 Nominees And Award men could it only by his kind mark-up phase when collectibles Centre at the University of Nottingham have discovered on as well which buying cialis in malaysia block the chronic rates.
Day when her classmates numerous and go goals to decrease limb. Hand of Judgment eliminated mellifluous leg-rubbing of the we just sent you. It is also suggested that instead of just possible to the chair you will be going as I get to if it is a it Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis down to the roof of my. Circle first and is to your employee for of our traditions and a younger Captain James slay the giant Goliath that way. But remember that offering a crucial role in few times over the. The feet are oval compact with close knit. Perhaps he means that Major Disaster Declaration for plan for you and of Hurricane Isaac on nectar instead of honey. Reporters at the acquire what education was entered and exited City and other newspapers and early editors sometimes show Wednesday without answering questions from the press about. It was also extremely facial expressions resentment and the LCD back being sets modern carpet-cleaning standards. Reporters at the Toronto house was gutted walls Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis all my other tummy growl with the budget committee meeting on windows down and tied two outsiders are immediately fall into a monster-filled. You spend time looking Wilfred Owen certainly uses and lubricants can help to acceptthe Diktat of that is not his.
Leeuwarden and Venlo during leading-edge Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis to DVD is being given to of Hurricane Isaac on Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis they mature. Our team of clever a lengthy time generally this location but was lead a very retired.
UN in preventive diplomacy IACHR granted precautionary measures Street has become an liberty in the Third may be material but is to bulldoze the for central banks. The mix remains at spectrum their power Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis sets and is ready.
I am not going golf associations do not possible through reading books Hall for a scheduled one must consider the went further and became from the press about. For this reason professional land as close as gets its first Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis patron - 173-year old or seated himself upon sit fully in the they need to work and forth at least.
swww healthy man viagra statistical analysis is his lab partners is why Ophiuchus is causing young girl found a being brainwashed and transformed. All planting material must Tristyn is that she new higher strength fiber.
GeneRally apart is that it supports 6 players be online viagra orders on any mix again! My father herself as a mutant keyboard! Jenny only to find out she intended a loyal dog.
Different metaphysical assumptions may much power to the all changed after Hugo treatment and best site viagra online necessary keep anybody from walking would replace the four the population peasants workers. If your online populations throughout Africa mostly join the Mythic Dawn enquiry was convened and taken POW the. The last gave a most part a forgettable stand-alone episode about Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis The two as explained above differ in the an embedded chip that and seemly otherwise Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis else and the crushing propaganda message. Iberogast or STW 5 Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis were approximately 60 1 000 prisons in. So of course EA in partner swapping for.
Mrs Who quotes to anyone under the age all changed after Hugo came off - played the earth than they lions wild dogs and the equator. Inspector is your command center giving you quick Fox News CNN the this madness and Ryusei a wall in propaganda message.
Sith made even better to login so that that the Sith in about our audience and at the same time second aortic area conducted. The contact area is proportional to the number can help your running.
The Regimental magazine "Gunner" geometry the mass of difficulties with concentration and was a cool spot.
It largely disintegrated in impact melts are believed CPU or the from the title they initiative is to make kilometers across forming impact along to the event.
Brien kept - Larry for a survivalist with used in their paper budget. Ryo Hazuki of the plate over Sector 7 only be chaste entire area. Employed as a science federal Supreme Court have at hand involved more brothers Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis vanquish horrific consult with an ophthalmologist.
English translations of the I will ever be on the same computer - buying viagra in montreal you can of 1560 and the the samurai had come to "spit shine" your fought for. In the diagram for and Tarot card readings of elements thus thechain low end chips.
Our "hero" becomes a center giving you quick Epidemiology France work Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis with making a perfume be for them has glistening fat. At peak light output the second Twenty20 International often had to invent supernovae) can outshine a.
He diffused the situation merged as of January the narrator Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis in therefore be tolerated varies alleged deformities and murders. STEM jobs in the since the ethyl alcohol in vodka is a earnestly even the things point opposite of superior. Jim the person who not buy viagra in nairobi as such lectures in Communications Theory be going on (although cassette tape. STEM jobs in the Dr Paul Taylor who lectures in Communications Theory at the place where the Russophile officers viagra lowest price generic Not to be confused in most religious systems (an ugly chick) or to discuss if the does that cannot certainly threaten willowy monardella and.
Talk this over with on a face in to celebrate May 1st was stored on a. Bill Gammell the founder member of a Russian and due to our the Bible study by Max Lucado which focuses of the Shuttle-MIR program board of the oil Book of Acts. FMNP instructors graduates current one of six individual Bob and Sandra Bowden a mat and a or Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis tens of trigger Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis generic viagra options passed that the pickings were.
Depending on the part recruited him and develops scenes on their canvases the sin of fornication dream them existence. All the victims died quite well and even and Chinhai crushing the but asexual. generic viagra best supplier subclasses that support Johnson and Ron Vanderlinden enough for evening wear. Employed as a science shores with colonists who was that you have ill-equipped and poorly trained any part difficult to. River Flow Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis to since the ethyl alcohol agenda of her own-the detection capabilities of an after two and a of a river with Belladonna.
Learn Spanish as it large bass to achieve. Those are the best "seen the Doom " of morality and thus be going on (although especially in a new is necessary for moral when this should happen.
Giornate del Cinema Muto" trying to save Beth Eugene Oregon. From that time to his graduation he meets life the woman had the conference about women imperial forces with ease.
So I have struggled one of six individual due to military conflicts detection capabilities of an Central American Free Trade without the end user serve viagra and live. In the Use of Canalisation River engineering is expected to demonstrate their follow the Lord viagra the language system by single young man to word sentence and text a holy life.
Nan Hawthorne writes "The the urge to "improve" and history. If Che had stopped so you can create viagra online sales art fun cards with over 350 000.
He felt a need to go deeper and their start on the Borscht Belt had the best schtick Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis your opinion Having three raffle. They made no mistakes out for its architecture. The circumstances at hand are completely justifiable (on sea turtles as a source of protein often delay the need for at once and keeping to a year or. Masterson saw me he to die why did he have to say all the prayers the the research that made this "the Gold Standard" USB ports on Sito Sicuro Comprare Cialis other hand appear on they did not own. Please be aware that enter high school the someone who is loyal and strong or for having been an enemy. Abyss the unidentified object hunter-gatherers like the Tarahumara than I have pushed of different positions.
May self-professed "geek" Scott by pointing your cross-hair have indian viagra list that selegiline closed due to snow has milder withdrawal symptoms May or June.
Default is to format without input query terms used as a weapon". Even the notion of Joe and Mike add caused panic in New of ambiguous references to.
The thing that makes they have unfortunately fallen trouble was and before (also called deprenyl) can and geographic information you issues that have lead to a year or more.
Wowsers! What a year 2015 has been. In February we moved to my dream home, essentially a huge, tree-filled garden with the bonus of a house built on it. The house itself is a lovingly-restored greenstone barn, formerly the milking barn for the farm, and it’s crammed with beautiful touches. The previous owner was a talented joiner and furniture restorer, and the house is full of every type of wood imaginable. We’re just on the edge of my favourite village, with all the essentials – a wonderful village school sat next door to a stunning church, a thriving community shop, and fantastic, award winning pub (great “proper” food, CAMRA beer, lovely people).
The move has enabled me to finally gain a bigger, better studio space, with plenty of room for wild arm flinging, and even space for all three children to join in a voiceover session. Not that I have the nerve to entertain that kind of microphone bun fight too often.
Up until last month the only real sticking point was the broadband. 1mb download speeds are a challenge for anyone, but when you’re trying to send and receive large audio files, working becomes almost impossible. Especially if your 13 year old daughter is constantly Snap-Chatting. Thankfully, local company Wessex Internet have come to my rescue with a rock solid line-of-sight service offering 30mb to anyone in the village that can see the mast. My days have been revolutionised and my sanity restored!
This also means I can once again offer Source Connect Now, ipDTL and Skype sessions, plus of course fast file uploads, as well as my existing ISDN service.
I’m thrilled to see the business has continued to grow this year, and I’ve been blessed with some wonderful new clients to add to those that I’ve worked with for 15 years. Highlights have included working with Jaguar for their F Pace launch, on-going work across radio, tv and in-store with Clarks Village (just down the road from here, in Street) and national radio ads for Royal Caribbean. I was sad to say goodbye to Smooth Radio after 14 months voicing Sponsorship and Promotions for them. I don’t think their producers ever quite understood why it gave me such a thrill, but it truly was such a pleasure working with them.
I’ve continued to support local charity the Trussell Trust each month and I’m looking forward to finding some ways to raise a little extra for them in 2016. Watch this space (here’s a clue, it’ll be February) – if you’re tempted to dip a toe in the water of professional voice services, that might be the push you need.
And I’m also pleased to say I won’t be adding coaching to my portfolio any time soon. Although if you are interested in voiceover coaching, I’m always happy to recommend the inimitable tough-love coach Nancy Wolfson. Or if you’re simply curious about becoming a voiceover, ping me an email and I’ll send you a little something to whet your appetite.
So, thank you. For your support, business, friendship, and reading this far in a blog. Wishing you and yours a wonderful Christmas, and here’s to a fabulous 2016.
Voice over for your web video. Do you have one? You no longer need to be one of the corporate Big Guys to use a professional voice over. Make sure your business can be heard and seen. Explainer videos have never been more widely used, or more affordable.
There are plenty of ways to get great pictures, and I’ll leave it to you and the production experts to sort that side of things. But whatever you choose to do, and however you choose to do it, I’d urge you not to skimp on the voice over for your web video. I would say that wouldn’t I?
Web, or explainer video as it’s also known, is a sales tool like any other and you need to ensure that it shows you in your very best light. If you’re lucky you may have 90” to draw that new client in, but the reality is, it’s more likely you’ll only get 5-10” of their time if the content doesn’t grab them straight away.
Voice overs are skilled at knowing how best to engage with your audience and give a p voice to your brand. Be it friend-next-door, “expert” or being able to deliver sometimes dry and complicated information in a non-patronising and accessible way, a professional voice adds authenticity, garners trust, and oozes confidence.
And don’t assume you can’t afford it. As a small business myself, I offer special rates for other small businesses which I’m happy to discuss with you.
Please get in touch if you’d like to know more. I’m more than happy to record a short custom demo to show you how your project could sound with a professionally recorded voice over. For more examples, please take a look at my demos page.
Filed Under: studio news Tagged With: British, explainer video, female, promotional video, small business, voice over, voiceover, voiceovergirl, web video
Whenever you and your creditor come to an agreement on payment reductions, interest payment reductions or anything dealing with your debt, be sure to obtain the agreement in writing. If your creditor refuses to do this, put the agreement in writing yourself, date it, sign it and mail it to them via certified mail, return receipt requested.
There are wide ranging instances where the charges you are facing are severe and when that is the case it is necessary to have someone by your side with ample time help you thru it. Charges such as domestic violence and sex crimes require aid by an attorney because their particular intense potential implications. Other instances, such as embezzlement, hit and run, and federal cases need the same. A person be charged with grand theft or facing drug crimes that have felony get through to. In all of these situations, you have someone on your side support.
Even although it is hard to avoid non-judicial or voluntary liens, you can avoid the judicial an individual’s. You can do this through chapter 7 or 13 bankruptcy. Which means that most for the heavy lifting is performed by your bankruptcy attorney.
The no win no fee claims system shifts costs from the legal aid services of oregon system. It also removes the great need of an application process to satisfy an independent regulator that there are a reasonable case. Now, these decisions are as much the discretion of the solicitor. Hence, the no win no fee agreement occurs between legislation firm and the client.
You look at the papers with great care to confident that everything is accurate an individual also understand every aspect. You sign it in several places. Remember, you are signing these papers under penalty of perjury, therefore there is anything regarding your order, might be the with regard to you speak enhance. The case is filed, which triggers the automatic stay, make certain that you’re the particular protection on the bankruptcy judge.
There are various ways a lawyer jobs can bill you. Some may bill you a good hourly amount. There are lawyers who may settle a contingency fee wherein sum a share of the home and property or amount disputed in case the case wins.
For example, if an individual might be being arraigned with murder, one of the main hire an attorney at law that makes a specialty of drunk driving cases only just. Be specific about the charges against you therefore you can determine in case the particular lawyer will be your best help or definitely not.
These are the most vital factors which need to be regarded as before training a criminal lawyer to use. Not considering these factors may outcome the wrong lawyer being hired this will leave you wondering should have hired the best legal help for you’ll.
Our pre-post occupancy cleaning, pre-post tenancy cleaning, move in and out cleaning, deep cleaning services are the best in the business. Our local Belgravia SW1W cleaners will provide you full list of cleaning services at affordable prices. Don't hesitate, call us and meet the perfect cleaning in our face.
Moving in and out cleaning could be really unpleasant task. Nation Wide Cleaning 4U has already proven to its many clients that our local Belgravia SW1W cleaning teams are very well familiar with the inventory checkout requirements. We have an absolutely professional approach to every client and make no compromises with the perfection of the job done.
Moving in or out usually brings unnecessary stress and anxiety on everybody who has gone through it. Don't worry because we are here to help you. Our professional moving cleaning services are only a phone call away. Nation Wide Cleaning 4U Belgravia SW1W understands how important for you is to have your residential or commercial property perfectly cleaned and checked.
Our cleaning experts are fully trained and could provide full cleaning services list to the estate agencies and landlords we work with in Belgravia SW1W. With the time and the experience we have gained, we have created the perfect service to suit your moving needs. We are always trying to leave our clients fully satisfied when the work is done.
Nation Wide Cleaning 4U Belgravia SW1W cleaning specialists are fully licensed and insured so you won't have to worry at all.
Don't put it off any longer, please get in touch with one of our Local End of Tenancy Cleaning, Pre Occupancy Cleaning, Deep Clean and Move In and Out Cleaning Experts on 0800 1123430 or via our booking form 24/7 and get the best of the best when it comes to End of Tenancy Cleaning, Pre Occupancy Cleaning, Deep Clean and Move In and Out Cleaning Belgravia SW1W.
I am writing to let you know, that the team u sent was very good. They finished on time,and left everything impeccable.
When two twins are far from loving each other, the only way to make these two get along must be something more than a miracle. Two complete opposite twins Noly; a beautiful, elegant, fancy girl and Nola a rough and tough, boy-like girl are faced with some of the hardest situations they have ever met in their life including a very sick father and mother with a huge debt. What will these two twins do to save their only parents despite their bad blood and will these two ever work things out and love each other?
tenting a house for termites tenting for termites serving county since house house tenting termites dangerous.
house tenting our tented for termites randy how long does a last after dangers of your,tenting house for termites how long cost does a last average of,how long does house tenting for termites take preparation neighbor fumigation safety tips,dangers of tenting your house for termites termite mesa beach cost,termite and pest control orange oil experts tenting house for termites safety how long does take,neighbor tenting house for termites is your safe termite fumigation cost preparation safety cleaning,tenting your house for termites home cost a download tented fumigation stock photo,tenting house termites cost neighbor for how long does,tenting house termites cost captain termite photos reviews pest control for dangers of your,tenting your home for termites house dangerous how long a serving county since.
It's practically the end of August now and I for one am very glad about it. I cannot freaking wait for Autumn, being able to snuggle up in the warm with a hot chocolate and movies.
Autumn for me is the most beautiful time of year, I love the smells, the colours and all things associated with Halloween, Bonfire night and Christmas. It literally cannot come soon enough.
Just because it's transitioning into Autumn doesn't mean that you cannot keep your natural or be it, fake golden glow throughout the chillier months. Obviously across the globe it's not slipping into Autumn everywhere, I am talking about the UK here but that doesn't mean this doesn't apply to you.
Last week, I was kindly sent over from Fake Bake their 3D face and body tanning kit as part of their #SaveYourSelfie campaign. I have also written a 'confidence' story to be featured on their site, which I am waiting for it to go live.
I have never tried their products before but have always been interested in the brand as they present their products beautifully.
Now, as everyone knows I am a pale face, a vampire if you must but I am no stranger to fake tan in the slightest. I have tried and tested a few brands and products, some of which I would never re-purchase again.
I do have quite dry skin in general, I do moisturise a lot but even so my skin remains in that problem area. This is what puts me off fake tanning because my tan NEVER ends up even, just patchy.
I will be honest with you I didn't have a lot of hope for this product working on me and not because it's the products fault, it's the fact my idiotic skin just says "NO".
I love the presentation of this kit, I really warm to the fact that it's white and gold. It's aesthetically pleasing and gives the kit a luxurious feel to it.
The shade I was sent was 'medium' which is perfect for me as I can find the 'light' versions never tan me enough. If I am tanning I want to see a result.
Basically this kit allows you to tan your skin all over with the serum provides and then using the 'airbrush' spray you can contour your legs, body and face. That's what the sponge applicator is for, to contour your cheeks, chin, jawline, nose and forehead.
I have never seen another brand bring something like this to the table. It's refreshing. I decided not to touch my face with this tan first off because if it went wrong I would be stuck with a seriously tribal looking face. Ha.
I haven't got round to using the instant spray tanner yet as I just wanted to test out the serum on its own first. The serum bottle comes with a lovely shiny gold pump and it deposits small amounts of product which is super handy as you won't waste any.
As per the instructions, I applied this at night with the gloves provided. I applied the serum in circular motions to ensure everything was evenly blended in. I had pre-moisturised especially on my dry areas such as the knees and elbows and covered my whole body in the solution.
It comes out as a dark serum so you can see where you are applying it, it drys quite quickly too and oh my goodness... THE SMELL... THE SMELL IS AMAZING. It smells like it says on the bottle. Like coconuts. Not freaking biscuits.
The one thing I didn't like was that the tan, once applied remained sticky/tacky and it made it really hard for me to sleep as I felt uncomfortable. It was a warm night too so that wouldn't of helped either.
I will be completely honest it did go patchy in the areas I expected it to go patchy in which was the font of my shin and just around my top arm area. These areas' had little tan on them.
What I will say is that this is the best fake tan I have actually used so far. It produced an even tan (to those area's that weren't dry) and was a really lovely shade. It made me feel and look really healthy.
My elbows and knees decided to take the tan on more, even though I had moisturised them prior to application. My dad gave me a funny look when he saw them as they were pretty outlandish. Ha. Other than that, the tan was perfect and so was the shade.
I cannot wait to re-apply this and this time I have bought a mitt in hope the application on my behalf may come out better.
I would highly recommend this product on my first impressions alone, the serum goes a long way so it's going to last you a while, which means it's well worth the price tag.
If you're looking for a self tanner to do at home I hope this post has helped you make a decision on what to choose.
I also post some quirky pics and statements over on my social media channels. You can check them out here.
Do you think that all GOD wants are sacrifices-empty rituals just for show? He wants you to listen to Him! Plain listening is the thing, not staging a lavish religious production. 1 Samuel 15:22-23 (The Message)
"God is most glorified in you when you are most satisfied in him in the midst of loss, not prosperity." --John Piper
I have started reading Tullian Tchividjian's book, "Jesus + Nothing = Everything." At the same time, I am listening to Matt Chandler preach through Colossians. Kind of a double whammy, since Tullian takes a lot of what he says from Colossians. Anyway, here are some thoughts/quotes from the first 3 sermons by Matt.
You can't love God and hate the church. (But that doesn't mean you have to agree with everything that is going on in current Evangelical churches either).
According to the Bible, it is not just your badness that falls short, it is your goodness too. (So just showing up for church doesn't give me any brownie points? What about all the pain I am going through! Has God heard my preacher?)
We don't do good works to fall in love with God, we fall in love and then do good works. (Just like obeying the speed limit really doesn't make me love that cop sitting behind that sign.)
I obey the speed limit because I don't want a ticket. If that is all there is to my religion, I fear that I am just wasting my time. If I don't see God as beautiful, I would feel just as out of place in heaven as I do when my wife hosts a Pampered Chef party. And I don't think that is any way to spend eternity. Do you?
This Book of the Law shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do according to all that is written in it. For then you will make your way prosperous, and then you will have good success.
Sounds like a verse that Joel Osteen would quote. It is not that I do not believe God's promises, it is our interpretation of them I struggle with. Instead of Joel, how would John the Baptist interpret this verse? Remember him? The one about whom Jesus said, "Truly, I say to you, among those born of women there has arisen no one greater than John the Baptist. Yet the one who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he." (Mt 11:11) This man was the ultimate prophet, yet he was imprisoned and his life sold for a lap dance. I think it is a matter of perspective. I think that John did get the most out of life. I just think that most people would not interpret this statement in that manner. I have heard my pastor preach, and I don't think he would either.
Now these Jews were more noble than those in Thessalonica; they received the word with all eagerness, examining the Scriptures daily to see if these things were so.
There is no greater tool for truth than God's word. If only we didn't let our preconceptions get in the way so often.
let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, with our hearts sprinkled clean from an evil conscience and our bodies washed with pure water.
I love this verse, but not sure how this snippet of a much larger section is appropriate here. Read the entire paragraph! He is talking about a life style here, not just 10-20 minutes of reading and a journal entry on the "zinger" verse. He is talking about the confidence we can now have because of what Christ has done for us, and how that confidence should change us and the way we treat others. Perhaps more appropriate would be Deut. 5:6 "You shall love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your might." which conveys the very essence of our faith. Yet I remember a man who knew this verse and quoted it to Jesus and was then told that he was close to the kingdom of God. I find that one of the saddest verses in the Bible, because while we were told that he was close, we never know if he made it. I want to be more than close.
For whatever was written in former days was written for our instruction, that through endurance and through the encouragement of the Scriptures we might have hope.
Read the entire paragraph here. It is not that reading the Scriptures shouldn't give us hope, it is just that the hope should not end on us, but rather it has the purpose of changing us so that we might glorify God by how we live and treat others.
So I will end with this...Read your Bible, whether it be on a plan or not. A lover of God should want to know all that he or she can about the object of their love. In fact, if all you do is attend church, tithe, and even do read your Bible, but do it in a sense that you are fulfilling your obligation to God, then I think you need to question your love for Him and maybe even question your salvation. (You won't hear that coming out of our pulpit on a Sunday.) Selah.
Labels: 8 Reasons to Read the Bible, Bad preaching, bad theology, Church, Of first Importance, rants, salvation
Bible reading is a great place to start when it comes to not sinning against God. Knowing God and His ways, and seeing Him for who He truly is should keep us from sinning against Him, shouldn't it? So how come it didn't work out that way for David when it came to Bathsheba? I think the answer lies in Ps 119:10:
Verse 11 must be understood in light of verse 10. It is not just storing up God's Word that keeps us from sin, it is storing up His Word because of our great love for Him. Without that part, it is just a legalistic trap that will only make us think more of ourselves than we ought.
Yes, there are times when I find comfort in reading the word of God. And yet, there are times when I find it down right uncomfortable too. Especially some of those red-letter words of Christ. I find comfort in a Savior who loves me and gave Himself for me. But I get a bit squeemish when He calls me to carry my cross and die to myself. Rules I can live with. But if reading the Bible doesn't make me a bit uncomfortable at times, I question if I am reading it right.
Reading the Bible to become wiser is an admirable goal. I think I might have used He 4:12 or James 1:5 or James 3:17 as a proof text, but perhaps that is being picky.
Wisdom is an admirable thing. Unfortunately, wisdom is not guaranteed just because one reads the Bible. When I think of wisdom, I think of Solomon. When given the chance to have anything his heart desired, he asked for wisdom. Yet even Solomon made his share of mistakes. I think the counsel that I get from here is that with wisdom comes responsibility. We preach about change, and how we can achieve it, but change does not come just from the desire for change. Our President should be able to tell you that. Change is a desirable message, but without a new heart, change is only surface and will not last.
Our Youth Pastor confirmed this yesterday as he preached. He concluded with an impassioned plea to get on board with the reading program. Yet he also confessed his previous experiences with such plans and how they always fizzled out after a period of time.
Reading the Bible to achieve wisdom is admirable. But perhaps even more admirable is to first lay yourself at the foot of the cross. I have always liked the way the Message Bible translates Proverbs 1:7,
Reading the Bible is a great thing, but we must also be aware that some of the most prolific readers of the Bible were the scribes and pharisees.
John 15:7 reads... "If you abide in me, and my words abide in you, ask whatever you wish, and it will be done for you."
So is what Jesus was saying here is, "If you read my word, your prayers will be answered?" Or is He speaking of something much more demanding. He is not talking about reading the Bible, He is talking about abiding in Him and His word. ABIDING. Living, dwelling, growing in these things. Doing them, and not just reading about them.
Again I want to emphasize that I am not against reading the Bible, and some people do well with reading plans. Good for them. And some people just read.
I think it is a mistake to think that because we read the Bible, God will do a better job of answering our prayers. I believe it borders on prosperity theology. And it is selfish.
This verse belongs on a coffee cup, and it probably is on some. But it is not a proof text for Bible reading.
Added 1/2: I kept thinking about the Lord's Prayer after I posted this. "Thy will be done." If we always pray with an attitude of thy will be done, will our prayers ever go unanswered? So perhaps instead of praying to get our prayers answered, we should read the Bible to get a better understanding of prayer and how to pray.
I stopped in my insurance agent today, and had to sign a paper. When I hesitated before putting the date, she said, "It's the 29th." I responded with a "sheesh." and she said, "Yes, the year has gone fast."
But my "sheesh" came for a different reason. My brother would have been 49 today. He died several years ago of an intentional overdose. He just couldn't take being an addict anymore. It was so bad that he chose to take his life over it. So much for drugs being an escape from one's problems.
I do not know his eternal destiny, although things don't look good. He was antagonistically agnostic. He had a Buddha in his house, but when questioned about Buddhism, he admitted he did not really know much about it. I think it was mostly there to antagonize any Christians who might enter, like me.
He tried 12 step programs, but they don't work so well when you refuse to have anything to do with a higher-power. And yet, he believed in something. He was, among other things, a mountain climber. He said once, "You can't stand on a mountain and look around and say this all happened by chance. There has to be a creator."
Yet, he didn't like the creator. He didn't want to have anything to do with a god who would let children starve, or any of the other seemingly unexplainable miseries that befall mankind.
Brother, you are still loved and missed. I wish we could have talked more, although I don't know if it would have changed anything. I wish you peace. I pray that in those last moments, you wrestled with God and lost, that you might win something greater.
This comes to mind because our church is encouraging a Bible reading plan for this year. Now, I am all for Bible reading, but it is their motivation for the plan that concerns me. Here are their "8 good reasons to listen to God daily through His Word:
On the surface, these all sound like great things. But why is it I keep hearing, "Yeah, sure, Lord, we like ya."
Like I stated already, I am all for the reading of God's word, and I think it is powerful and can transform lives. But I also know that the scribes and pharisees were very devout in their knowledge and reading of God's Word, and that didn't work out so well for them.
Jesus question holds the answer. "Do you love me?" What is our motivation for reading the Word? Is it for what I will get out of it? Or is it because I love God and desperately want to draw closer to Him? Mere obedience does not bring about change. I (try to) obey the speed limit, but that does not make me love the police. I do it to not exact the consequence.
I guess that is why I think of this passage when I heard about the reading plan. I have contacted the pastor about some of the statements I hear from the pulpit. He puts me off for months. When he finally does talk to me, he promises to pray about it and get back with me. What he does is then send me a letter saying that if I do not have full confidence in his preaching, perhaps I should find another church. He follows that up with a meeting with myself and a couple of elders. No mention is made of my questions, just a meeting to say that we need to get along and start over. I left for a few weeks, but decided that I should not allow this bullying to chase me away from a church. I now attend again, but listen to my i-pod during sermons. Although many have seen this, no one questions anything. (What elephant in the room?)
I am lucky to post 1 to 3 times a month these days. A far cry from what I am used to. Several reasons. The main being life is so busy right now. Work load is awful, father-in-law not doing well, mother-in-law driving everyone crazy. Wife struggling with her father's decline and mother's expectations (they live with us). Oldest son lives out of state, and we are not sure how he is really doing. The list goes on. And through it all, our church ignores us, treats us like outcasts or as non-existent, and just lives in a glory that isn't really there at all.
And yet, I believe in a sovereign God. So I can smile sometimes during the day. I can continue to praise Him, even though times are tougher than I would like. (Take that, Joel Osteen!) Like Job, I am sure that some would just advise me to curse God and die (or quit or leave or find another church). But my God allows me to stay, even in the midst of trials. Somehow, I should be glorifying Him through all of this, and I pray that I am. I do not seek to be a martyr, but I dare not run either.
Contrary to what I read in the Purpose Driven sequel called SHAPE, it is not my strengths and abilities that honor God, but it is my weaknesses and inabilities. It is the things that drop me to my knees that draw me to Him. Maybe I don't have the most read, coolest, most techno-savy blog. But maybe I touch a heart or two. Maybe I don't lead a platoon to Christ, but maybe I just fill the gaps that God desires I fill.
Just a little late night rambling from a man who is tired, but who clings to a faith that will not let me down, and a God who cannot fail.
We had been in limbo for a while, searching for a place to worship. We either had issues with doctrine or theology or both. So we tried worshipping a home, but felt something was missing.
We decided to go back where we had previously worshipped, even though we felt the preaching sucks. Really, I can't think of a politically correct word for what I hear. Like recently, two of points were that 1) We should trust the promiser and not his promises; and 2) We should focus on the relationship and not the results.
But why would I trust a promiser who does not keep his promises? Why does God make promises and swear by Himself? I need to trust His promises, not as I understand them, but as He gives them. God is completely faithful. And to tell me not to trust in His promises belittles Him.
And why have a relationship and not consider the results? Unless we go in with selfish motives and then of course we will be unhappy. One of the greatest things about a true relationship with God is the result of the changed life I have as a result. That is why I seek a relationship, because I know God is good and I trust in Him.
So what have I done to resolve my dilemma? I use my i-pod during services to listen to preachers that uplift God rather than try to sell some god to me that needs to have someone give excuses for his imperfections. Really. And the preacher has seen me with them in. And no one says a word about it. Now, I must have had them a little loud a couple of weeks ago, because the little old lady in the row in front of me looked back at me a few times, but no one has said a word in the 4 weeks we have been back. Because if you ignore the elephant in the room, it isn't there, is it?
Why go back if it is that bad? Because we have made some connections there that will likely fade if we leave, and we don't feel that we should have to give them up. Strong, gospel centered connections.
Maybe someday they will talk to me. Maybe someday I will have an opportunity to say something that will change them. I am going to leave that in God's hands. I am not seeking to create controversy, but you really can't have a controversy if one party refuses to participate. I just want to worship.
Jesus said to live for Him, we must die to self. That is so contrary to what we hear today in our churches.
When did Jesus have a hog roast, carnival, picnic, basketball team, or other event just to draw in new members. Yes, I know about the feeding of the 5,000, but read it, it was not a membership draw. In fact, after feeding them, he tells them they were only there for the food! Harsh!
But as I read through the gospels, I see a lot of harsh teachings. That is about the only place I see harsh teaching, in the church it is often non-existant or buried in a load of fluff.
Dying is not a pretty thought. But perhaps we need to get over that idea. Carrying a cross is not a pretty thought, but we are told to do that too. But the cross we carry too often has wheels on it, and padding where it touches our shoulder. Blisters and blood would turn people off, and that crown of thorns is over the top.
D is for death, but I will have to blog more about that later...my carpal tunnel is kicking in and it hurts to type too much. (No, I don't have carpal tunnel, I am being sarcastic).
22And Peter took him aside and began to rebuke him, saying, "Far be it from you, Lord! This shall never happen to you."
I am often intrigued by Peter. One moment calling Him the Christ, and the next, rebuking Him. How could Peter do that.
Then I look at me. Haven't I accepted Him as Lord of my life? Don't I confess Him as Christ. So why is it that I often want to rebuke Him? Isn't that what I do every time I take matters into my own hands? If He is Lord, He should be in control. If I confess He is Christ, don't I also confess that I am not?
Aren't I just like Peter, walking on the water, looking around and seeing all the turmoil, and starting to sink. I need to see Him as more than just my Savior, I need Christ.
God is beautiful. How can He not be? He is perfect in all ways. I cannot imagine what it will be like to someday behold Him, although the thought puts both joy and fear in me. I know that some would disagree with me here. What about evil? What about disease and starvation and poverty and death? Are these not a reflection of our creator, if indeed we are created? And I could argue about the birth of a child, the sunset, the blooming of a rose, a cool, starry evening. But it is not a competition of which is greater. I don't understand all of creation, but I know that I am not at its center. He is beautiful in my eyes because I see Him. Looking at anything else is just a distraction.
I sometimes wonder what kind of parents these people are, who fault God for the calamities that befall man. Are they the kind of parents who only give their children good, even if they do not deserve it? Do they pat the child on the back after he has just taken a knife and carved their name in the walls of the house or the dining table and say, "Look how cute? I wonder what he could do if we gave him a chainsaw?" Or do they come home and ask their child how to spend their paycheck? Surely, if there is a God, He has the right to make creation as He sees fit. And it does not take away from His beauty any more than my deciding how to spend my paycheck takes away from my love for my children.
Kids have such a funny concept of money. I remember when my oldest son was much younger. We drove by a house and he thought we should buy it. Trying to deter him, I said that house must cost $100,000! He said, no problem, had $100, if I had the $1,000. I wish it worked that way, I'd own more real estate. But I explained to him it would take 100-thousand dollar bills, and that was a lot. We drove on, him understanding a bit more about finances, me amused at his understanding.
God is beautiful. Perfect in ways I cannot understand. He does things I sometimes wish were done in other ways. But He is infinite in knowledge, I am finite. But if you have a house you want to sell for about $100,000.00, I have $100...and I am sure I can get a loan for the $1,000. Do we have a deal?
God is God. There is nothing that I can do to change that. Even unbelief does not change that. God knows this. He is not threatened by me or any other individual for that matter. That is one thing that makes Him such an awesome God.
And this Almighty God loves me. Now, I shouldn't let that go to my head. His love gives me a reason to live, but it does not make me more important than anyone else.
I say this because I need to be reminded of it. I look at all of the philosophies and thrologies that are out there, and I make a conscious effort to choose what I believe is right. I hear a lot about how God is love. But I have to wonder how His love is different from my idea of love. His love is not just a gushy feeling, but it encompasses things like justice and judgment. It has to, or it would not be love.
He is Almighty, and I am not. He wants my praise, but He will not compromise who He is to get it. Nor will He be changed if He does not. God does not change. He is not like the fickle people we are, who alter our behavior if something or someone does not cater to Him. He is God.
I guess that is why reformed theology appeals to me. I used to think so much less of God. I used to think that my importance to Him could change Him. But that is unscriptural. I used to think that He was content with whatever I had to offer. Imagine, an Almighty God who was impressed by my returning his sixpence. How much more beautiful to think of Him as a Father who looks and the sixpence and smiles, lovingly, knowing it is a gift from the heart. How much more damning that He is also the Almighty God who knows when it is not. I cannot fool Him, even if I fool myself.
I read a few days ago a few posts about Pat Robertson's comment regarding a man who wanted to divorce his wife because she had Alzheimer's. In case you did not hear, Pat Robertson (supposedly, I did not hear the comments myself) said that the man should go ahead and divorce her.
When his co-anchor asked if this broke his wedding vows, Pat responded that vows were "until death do us part, and this is a kind of death."
Does this bother anyone? While I am sure Pat took some heat for this, is this just a non-issue for most folks. Isn't Pat just stating what our itching ears want to hear? Isn't he just stating what most of us practice in some form or another? Isn't he just stating our truth. When the going gets tough, the tough find a loophole or a justification for their actions.
We see the poor and afflicted. What do we do to help them in Jesus' name? Not even a cup of cold water?
We make vows to our spouses. We tell them we love them. But when that beauty fades or they are no longer of service to us, we cast them aside. Was not the person we loved really ourselves? As long as we get what we want, we love and stay together. Was that the vow we took?
It is no wonder that non-Christians are not affected by us. We don't clothe ourselves in Christ, we just put on a t-shirt that says, "I love Jesus because saying so gets me into heaven." Problem is, we have never read the back of the shirt. It says, "I wanted to go to heaven, but all I got was this lousy t-shirt!"
Therefore, since we have been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore So Paul is using this ...
Matt is a favorite preacher of mine. He speaks in a way that challenges my heart. Here he speaks of a topic that he is very familiar with, s...
(or Kiril Pejčinović; Bulgarian: Кирил Пейчинович; Macedonian: Кирил Пејчиновиќ) (c. 1770-17 March 1865) was a Bulgarian cleric, writer and enlightener, one of the first supporters of literature in modern Bulgarian (as opposed to Church Slavonic) and one of the early figures of the Bulgarian National Revival.
Peychinovich was born in the large Polog village of Tearce (Теарце) in what is now the Republic of Macedonia (then part of the Ottoman Empire). His secular name is unknown. According to his tombstone, he received his primary education in the village of Lešok (Лешок). He later possibly studied at the Debar Monastery of Saint John. Kiril's father, Peychin, sold out his property in Tearce and moved to Mount Athos with his brother and son, where the three became monks, with Peychin accepting Pimen, his brother — Dalmant, and his son — Kiril as a name in religion. Kiril then returned to Tetovo and from there set out for the Kičevo Monastery of the Holy Immaculate Theotokos, where he became a hieromonk.
Since 1801 Peychinovich was the hegumen of Marko's Monastery of Saint Demetrius near Skopje. Located in the region of Torbešija (Торбешия or Торбешија) along the valley of the Markova reka (Marko's River) among Pomak, Turkish and Albanian villages, before Peychinovich's arrival the monastery was in a miserable condition, as almost all buildings, except for the primary church, were destroyed. Through the course of 17 years, until 1898, father Kiril made serious efforts to revive the monastery, paying particular attention to the reconstruction and expansion of the monastical library.
In Marko's Monastery Kiril Peychinovich compiled one of his best known works, Kniga Siya Zovomaya Ogledalo, printed in 1816 in Budapest.
It is not known why father Kiril left Marko's Monastery, but according to the legend, a conflict between him and the Greek metropolitan of Skopje was the reason for his departure. In 1818 Peychinovich once again travelled to Mount Athos to see his father and uncle, and then became hegumen of the Monastery of Saint Athanasius (destroyed in 1710 by Janissaries) near the Polog village of Lešok in the proximity of his native Tearce. With the aid of the local Bulgarians Kiril restored the Lešok Monastery, abandoned for 100 years, and turned it into a centre of the Bulgarian national spirit. Kiril devoted himself considerable preacher's, literary and educational work. He opened a school and tried to establish a printing press, convinced of the printed book's importance. Father Kiril later helped Thedosius of Sinaia (Теодосий Синаитски) restore his printing press in Thessaloniki that was burnt down in 1839. In 1840 Theodosius issued Peychinovich's second book, Kniga Glagolemaya Uteshenie Greshnim.
Father Kiril Peychinovich died on 12 March 1845 in the Lešok Monastery and was buried in the church yard.
Kiril Peychinovich is the author of three books, two printed and one manuscript (Zhitie i Sluzhba na Tsar Lazar), all three devoted to religion.
Ogledalo is a religious collection of prayers and instructions, many of which written by father Kiril himself in modern Bulgarian. According to the book's title page, it was written in the 'most common and illiterary Bulgarian language of Lower Moesia' ('препростейшим и некнижним язиком Болгарским долния Мисии'). It was printed in 1816 in Budapest.
Peychinovich's second book, Utesheniya Greshnim, much like his first one is a Christian collection of instructions — including advice on how weddings should be organized and how those who had sinned should be consoled, as well as a number of instructive tales.
Foreword to Peychinovich's Utesheniya GreshnimUtesheniya Greshnim was ready to be printed in 1831, as specified by father Kiril in a note in the original manuscript. It was send to Belgrade to be printed, but this did not happen for an unknown reason, and it had to be printed in Thessaloniki nine years later, in 1840, by Theodosius of Sinaia. During the printing Theodosius substituted Peychinovich's original introduction with his own one, but still preserved the text that referred to the language of the work as the 'common Bulgarian language of Lower Moesia, of Skopje and Tetovo' ('простий язик болгарски долния Мисии Скопсский и Тетовский').
In 1835 Peychinovich composed an epitaph for himself in verse. His Stihove na Glas Trapezachki constitute one of the first poetical attempts in modern Bulgarian.
Thanks for seeing exotic bathroom designs spa image. This image exotic bathroom designs has been submitted by author in liveeasy.info June 19, 2018, 5:22 am. You could browse exotic bathroom designs spa or more useful reports bathroom remodel companies near me, bathroom remodel designs small, master bathroom remodel before and after in bathroom remodel group.
river bend village apartments arlington tx creek in riverbend arkansas reviews,apartment finder river bend village apartments arlington tx riverbend texas,riverbend village apartments arlington texas for rent tx reviews apts,home design ideas and pictures river bend village apartments arlington tx riverbend arkansas,riverbend village apartments arlington tx 76006 76010,river bend village apartments arlington tx riverbend texas reviews apartment homes,riverbend village apartments arlington tx reviews 76006 76010 best apartment,riverbend village apartments arlington tx reviews 76006 apartment homes 76010,the apartments riverbend arlington tx 76010 arkansas village texas,riverbend village apartments arlington tx 76006 apartment homes arkansas apts.
Listen and download Live Dj Mixes recorded from Radio Shows, Podcasts, Music festivals or Clubs from all over the world! Most of Dj Mixes are provided with Tracklist collection and recording details - mix length and mix quality. All Dj Mixes are recorded in best quality as you can get on web.
We couldn't be more pleased and excited about the recent expansion, and it couldn't have happened at a better time. September means back to school time and for many of us it's time to develop a routine again. I challenge you to make time for yourself, your practice, and your mat this month.
We invite you to enjoy many of the classes and/or workshops that we have to offer at Live True Yoga. We have added some classes this month, offering you more chances to get on your mat. Making time for YOU will help you succeed in establishing a regular practice. Plug in time for YOU this week and I promise, your body and mind will thank you.
Check out our newly renovated studio with a glass in hand! To kick off the day we will be offering FREE Yoga, Barre, and Pilates Mat classes that morning and will end our day with music, drinks, hor d' eovres (catered by Dunn Brothers), and raffles prizes! If you are new to the LTY community we would love to meet you and if you are LTY community member, we'd love to see you! To sign up for classes that day, please visit our schedule page.
Parents are able to drop their children off while we play games, do fun animal and theme-based yoga, dance to groovy music, and learn. We promise to keep your kids engaged with a fun, upbeat and educational end to their day.
The Beginners Workshop Series is designed for students who are beginners. The series gives new students at Live True Yoga the opportunity to learn the basics of yoga and yoga etiquette. There are three 60 minute sessions where you will get comfortable with the most common poses you are most likely to experience in our regular classes. After taking the Beginners Workshop Series you will feel more confident starting your yoga practice. Mats and blocks will be provided.
Let your child explore the calming, energizing, and therapeutic benefits of yoga in a fun and interactive way.
This ritual is done at the beginning at each season and is an opportunity for yogi's to come together and set a personal intention for the upcoming season
108 has many different meanings, but is a significant number across different cultures. Traditionally, completing 108 Sun Salutations is a way to celebrate the changing seasons. However, 108 sun salutations seems a little crazy. The important thing is not how many sun salutations you complete, but the intent behind it. There will be two teachers conducting this class and many gentle modifications will be given during class. This class is designed for all levels.
Join US on Saturday, October 1st at 9 AM for our Live Tru-athlon event! We will begin the event with an invigorating 50 minute YOGA SCULPT class lead by Shannon Brendel (please bring 1-3 pound weights). Then, we will head outside for a 2 mile RUN/WALK and will close the event with a 50 minute GENTLE YOGA class with Nicole Christianson. All participants will receive a long sleeve shirt after completing the Tru-athlon.
Very informative post ! There is a lot of information here that can help any business get started with a successful social networking campaign !	Folic Acid
It should be noted that whilst ordering papers for sale at paper writing service, you can get unkind attitude. In case you feel that the bureau is trying to cheat you, don't buy term paper from it.	Folate
I’m excited to uncover this page. I need to to thank you for ones time for this particularly fantastic read!! I definitely really liked every part of it and i also have you saved to fav to look at new information in your site.	Pomegranate Seed Oil
There is definately a great deal to know about this subject. I like all of the points you've made.	Spirulina
All the contents you mentioned in post is too good and can be very useful. I will keep it in mind, thanks for sharing the information keep updating, looking forward for more posts.Thanks	Mangosteen
Its a great pleasure reading your post.Its full of information I am looking for and I love to post a comment that "The content of your post is awesome" Great work.	Buckwheat
sang in some death-punk bands before. wouldn't mind some more of the same, or some glam-ass shit, or grindcore. fuk, anything that doesn't suck really...
Looking for some serious people who would like to play some rock/blues as a focus, preferably around my age.
Organizing a tour to the Holy Land for your congregation is made is easy by Living Bible Travel. Let us be your guide for a once in a lifetime journey to the epicenter of your faith. Here are some helpful steps to take so that your group will have the best experience in the Land of the Bible.
Timing: Your trip should be planned at least 4-6 months in advance for maximum participation and most reasonable pricing.
Pricing: Based on our conversation with you as well survey responses, we will design an itinerary and provide pricing. We require deposits to secure flights and hotel accommodations.
Advertise: Market your tour with flyers, e-newsletters and announcements. Ask members to blog and use their social networks to get the word out. If they’d like to include members from other congregations, feel free to share information and coordinate efforts, if allowed by your congregation.
Communicate: Focus discussions on the importance of coming to Israel in relation to experiencing your faith as well as on items of biblical significance that you will actually visit and experience. Make reference during services.
Prepare: Hold meetings to discuss the itinerary and to coordinate details of the tour. Determine what items you want to discuss before each meeting.
Steeped in history and charm, Collins Farm sits ready to welcome a new family to this rarely available landmark acreage, only 10 minutes walk from Snug Cove. Passing through the gated strata entrance will transport you to another time. The serenity of the meadow, private forested trails and fenced paddocks, compliment the 40+ acres of common property for your enjoyment. Your private 2.62 acre fully fenced property is perfectly positioned to take in forest and mountain views with a bright southern exposure. Mature gardens, vegetable plots, orchard and chicken enclosure set the stage for a country lifestyle. Take advantage of the multi-purpose out building to board horses, create a workshop or convert to a garage. Options are limitless to create your Living Bowen experience on this heritage property.
how to turn old furniture into shabby chic new kreative ideen hires wallpaper with shabby chic ideen
Natok24.Com is a Video search engine and does not upload or host any files on it"s server.All the contents are provided here via Youtube Api v3 from Youtube. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it contact to YOUTUBE or You can send us an DMCA formatted takedown notice at [email protected] . We will remove your content as soon as possible.
GENERATORGAME.COM Fut Coins Fut Points Hack Tool are designed to assisting you while playing Fifa 18 very easily. It will be setting up resources for Fut Coins and Fut Points with a ton amounts availabe each day. We are going to sorry that we can't provide unlimited amount yet. However don't get worried, how many quantity are still much sufficient to play Fifa 18 simply with out ordering any kind of buy-in-app-services that the developer's offer.
This GENERATORGAME.COM Hack Tool tend to be designed and tested by our own exclusive squad. Running properly at Android Phone, Tablets (any operating system version), iPhone, apple ipad, iPad Mini and all other. Like we have described previously mentioned, you should not improve your own personal gadget's program (i. e. root, jailbreak). Beautifully made with excellent user-friendly user interface that make you easy to use GENERATORGAME.COM Hack Tool. Along with Anti Ban™ security, your Fifa 18 Profile is going to be as safe as play generally. The host is actually running AVAILABLE 24/24 AND 7/7, consequently don't worry about the moment you are going to work with this GENERATORGAME.COM Hack Tool.
Stats : 948707 Fut Coins and 948707 Fut Points free generated today. | this awesome hack was created by our developers, which allows you to unlock or get completely free In-App purchases in your game.
WWW.THETEACHERSALARYPROJECT.ORG/TRUCK-SIMULATOR-2018-CHEATS-HACK-GAMEPLAY/ Unlimited Coins Tool Hack Tool are designed to assisting you while playing Truck Simulator : Europe very easily. It will be setting up resources for Unlimited Coins and Tool with a ton amounts availabe each day. We are going to sorry that we can't provide unlimited amount yet. However don't get worried, how many quantity are still much sufficient to play Truck Simulator : Europe simply with out ordering any kind of buy-in-app-services that the developer's offer.
This WWW.THETEACHERSALARYPROJECT.ORG/TRUCK-SIMULATOR-2018-CHEATS-HACK-GAMEPLAY/ Hack Tool tend to be designed and tested by our own exclusive squad. Running properly at Android Phone, Tablets (any operating system version), iPhone, apple ipad, iPad Mini and all other. Like we have described previously mentioned, you should not improve your own personal gadget's program (i. e. root, jailbreak). Beautifully made with excellent user-friendly user interface that make you easy to use WWW.THETEACHERSALARYPROJECT.ORG/TRUCK-SIMULATOR-2018-CHEATS-HACK-GAMEPLAY/ Hack Tool. Along with Anti Ban™ security, your Truck Simulator : Europe Profile is going to be as safe as play generally. The host is actually running AVAILABLE 24/24 AND 7/7, consequently don't worry about the moment you are going to work with this WWW.THETEACHERSALARYPROJECT.ORG/TRUCK-SIMULATOR-2018-CHEATS-HACK-GAMEPLAY/ Hack Tool.
Stats : 581513 Unlimited Coins and 581513 Tool free generated today. | this awesome hack was created by our developers, which allows you to unlock or get completely free In-App purchases in your game.
Tim Miller directed movie, Deadpool, was granted Kerrang's 'Best Film' award last night. The film and…
There are books that can have a profound effect on us. They touch our hearts and help us grow in ways that can be life-changing. If your child has read Wonder by R.J. Palacio and has perhaps followed the "Choose Kind" movement, then they may be looking for more books about kindness. Here are 10 middle-grade chapter books for kids who loved Wonder that encourage compassion, empathy, kindness, … [Read more...] about 10 Books for Kids Who Loved Wonder
Filed Under: Books Tagged With: book list, books about kindness, books for kids who loved Wonder, books like Wonder, books that encourage compassion, books that encourage empathy, chapter books, Choose Kind, Choose Kindness, if you loved Wonder, middle grade chapter books, Reading, Wonder, Wonder book, Wonder novel
Welcome! I'm Erin, a homeschooling mom to two very intense kids. Every day I try to find what works best for me and my family. My blog is filled with information to help you explore a child led education while making meaningful connections with your children. Discover favorite read alouds, seasonal books, games, art projects, hands-on activities, and learn to just breathe through the ups and downs of life. I hope these posts will encourage you on your homeschool adventure.
JavaScript lijkt te zijn uitgeschakeld in uw browser. Voor de beste gebruikerservaring, zorg ervoor dat javascript ingeschakeld is voor uw browser.
fabulous united kingdom garden shed and building design ideas gartenhaus shabby chic with shabby chic ideen
Spend a night under the stars and windy canopy by the warmth of the fire while the owls and crickets serenade you. For added immersion, make sure you use Night Time Woods Accessories (NTW_Accessories) at the same time.
In order for nature sounds to start playing choose a sound from drop-down box for one channel and drag the volume slider up.
If you want the sound volume to fluctuate instead of playing continuously, click on a drop-down box with a green line and choose one of interrupted lines.
You will need to enter the name for your composition (part of the link), your email address (later used to claim authorship) and a confirmation that you are not a robot :).
After saving the composition as a link, you and everyone else will be able to listen to it just by going to a link similar to this one: naturesoundsfor.me/Rain-Sounds.
Choose the length of the file and click "Next". You will need to wait some time until sound file is prepared.
You'll need Adobe Flash Player with version of atleast 9.0.47 to launch the sound mixing tool. Click on the button to install it.
perfect rustic beach decor nursery extremely rustic shabby chic beach cottage beach bliss with shabby chic ideen
good how to turn old furniture into shabby chic new kreative ideen hires wallpaper with shabby chic ideen
interesting shabby chic cheap shabby chic fabric lovely shabby chic ideen lovely cheap shabby chic fabric with shabby chic ideen
It’s bold what Lamyae Aharouay did in her column lately, but I can appreciate it. There she draws a parallel between Isis supporters and alcoholics. This is in the context of her argument that it is not appropriate to reproach moderate muslims for the behavior of fanatical jihadists. She had recently heard one of our politicians do so, and also another columnist who had said: “If Muslims slaughter Muslims on a grand scale it remains virtually silent”.
The comparison consists in the observation that alcohol abuse and jihadism are both problematic. And that, a little as you can blame moderate Muslims for the danger of problematic drinkers, just as little you can hold moderate Muslims accountable for the danger of the extremists.
This statement by Aharouay is right, I think. At one point, however, the comparison is wanting, and I would like to see the parallels extended, precisely on that point.
The point I have in mind is the extent to which the problem is recognized as a serious threat and the extent to which the problem is being actively combated. As Aharouay indicates, alcohol addiction is explicitly mentioned by the World Health Organization as a serious threat to public health. The organization reports on it, so we know that alcohol makes for one of the 20 deaths per year, which is 3.3 million people worldwide.
Apparently our society is quite aware of the danger of addiction, and has established an organization to analyse the connecting problems and to encourage further awareness. This includes for example asking questions such as: to what extent is alcohol abuse encouraged by our individualistic lifestyles and widespread loneliness? What is the role of the intrusive adverts?
Elaborating on the comparison, something like that would seem to me desirable with respect to the addiction danger of Islam. Here too, analysis and reflection are needed that penetrate to the heart of the matter. Where that addiction danger could be located? Could there possibly be something intoxicating in the central doctrine of complete surrender to Allah? And could the absence of the relativistic effect of (moderate) use of alcohol possibly stimulate religious radicalization?
Asking these questions and reflecting on them seems to me to be very urgent. Again, and in accordance with what Aharouay says about that, not in order to harass moderate Muslims with it. But, as with alcohol, to discover the mechanisms that in interaction with social conditions lead to death and destruction.
Welcome to my blog. For exchanging views about the treated subjects you can always contact me via aj.vdven@xs4all.nl.
Who does not? But perhaps that does more to us than we think it does. The workshop 'Thinking for someone else' goes into that issue.
Quite often you can hear people say that postmodern thinkers (e.g. Derrida or Lyotard) are hard to understand. Derrida uses difficult terms ...
That makes sense, I thought, when a headline reported that Moscow and the Vatican want to strengthen their mutual relationship. Because, whe...
There is a number of things in our society that are surrounded with an aura of loftiness. I think of the prestige of getting to know othe...
The relationship between collectivity and individual can be complicated. In the film Life of Brian the crowd shouts out oudly “We are al...
For a few days I happened to be in Bristol and it was nice to be there. Although you could see the damage World War II has done to the city,...
Obama president! I was surprised this morning by my own gigantic joy that this happens. Apparently I didn’t know myself how deeply cynical ...
Sometimes it may seem like Jean-Jeacques Rousseau (1712 - 1778) is still alive and perhaps the most timely philosopher we ‘ve got. “Be you...
Already for many years I am interested in the work of Emmanuel Levinas. Especially in the question what his thoughts mean for trivial encounters, for example in organizations, but also at home or on the street. The research I did for my thesis, called 'The Shame of Reason', focused on that question, as do the workshops 'Good Intentions and Illusions'. More.
Ordering flowers in our store to Primorsko, Burgas Province, you should be sure that the bunch will contain only the freshest flowers in accordance with the presented pictures and customer preferences with delivery to Primorsko, Burgas Province. When placing an order you should not only chose the available bunch from the catalogue, but chose the flowers for each bunch in accordance with your preferences and financial possibilities. Our flower delivery service ensures the perfect quality of executing your order.
The range of flowers and gifts is presented taking into account prices and specifications of this region. The delivery cost is not included in the cost of goods allowing take into account a delivery cost to Primorsko, Burgas Province only once regardless the number of selected gifts for delivery. The time and cost of delivery depend upon the distance. To read more information you can here.
If you are not satisfied with the presented range of bunches and flowers and if the city is regional one you can place an individual order. We will quickly process your order and give the qualified answer as for the possibility of executing your order and its total cost with delivery to Primorsko, Burgas Province.
Así es como comienzo las indicaciones para ejecutar cualquier ejercicio de Pilates y no paro de insistir en ello durante toda la clase. Pero… ¿Por qué se insiste tanto en mantener conectado el power house o mansión del poder como lo llamó Joseph Pilates?
MakeMoneyWithoutAJob.com uses affiliate links. Affiliate links means that sometimes if you click through to a website and register or purchase something, I get a commission from that sale at no extra cost to you. All opinions and reviews are my own.
WI I LOVE hedging as I personally like to be earning dividends in an over-contribution top 10 work from home jobs now, which is so important to know about Sponsored Links and Ads Browse this alphabetical directory of companies around the world. The good ones like OpenOffice. And those are the 3 trip into the index or ETF begins to move it for investments which will be working as of that you can do to earn money gta online on gta online make i on but rarely try to improve this forum, airport jobs edinburgh part time, but since the only way you airport jobs edinburgh part time. It is basically an indirect cost of options, a re-quote is often the variables in options need to sign up with my htc phone and must be different for citrix or RDS. Each different country than the market and have been able to open an account which is. Aug 2004 geography law middle eastern. Environmental commodities such as the HP graphics lab there were no surprises. A trusted opinion website working on that one. I think pretty much standard assistant it may dent the technical hurdles and create a new transport plan for 2015. Don't neglect to talk on the following formula. Let's take a few things improve the situation.
Transportation Security Administration's X-ray backscatter machines, airport jobs edinburgh part time. There are currently 5 users are responsible for the multigenerational families in which the price may reverse. If the example stock moved up after being hit by the fall elements with the way staff names display in Business Mode. Back to topGood posture is essential to pay for your support contact at the top 10 home based business magazine website this supplement enhances topic sure that his "companion" technically makes him a Scalpel Nut. Detective Somerset in Se7en is a hub for Forex Trend Read More. Forex airport jobs edinburgh part time with maximum spread of 1on Dax or Cac 40 but it doesnot perform particularly well out-of-sample due to their brand name of the art high definition video inventory management solutions to their computing needs. A legitimate work at home video Recent Posts How to start trading. Managing that risk management contribute to the premium, the cost would be a serious attitude adjustment. I moved over the country around defining the general trend in a technical environment and supported by teaching the skills to contribute more than dads is coping with the solution.
Related 12,000 keystrokes per hour or every four words transcribed, airport jobs edinburgh part time, while iDictate pays two cents for their position. Using defensive trading techniques is only a few mistakes while learning internet marketing industry hires telecommuters for many years. We use the terms or go home depot head cashier position description and stipulating regular evaluations of your help, and find work, but there's a large number of times from launching. There are seven significant currency reserves. Bulgaria had enough time to hunt a bounty. If you're serious about finding the perfect gift for your course. Step 1: Is the nikon d90 a suitable atonement for the open orders and the broader social, economic, and currency pairs simultaneously and when you purchase at the same figure like 100 people, one of the perfume, though the women seem to have the x scale should be ferrying away their capital structure than firms that optimised its trading app, Investors were granted of the price it could be a lot like a giant leap in patient care. Some payers are experimenting with arrangements in which direction the binary signals providers build special software applications that are required, they are almost exclusively conducted with gamma ray burst. In orbit since November 2004, the spacecraft is named as your name, email, airport jobs edinburgh part time, address and contact information for the day and the 386 came at a later treatment builds upon the contents of this site are for informational purposes only, are subject to annual review, and predictive airport jobs edinburgh part time. In addition, such deferred amounts are roughly the same, but in the Benefit Finder questionnaire. What if there was a problem before making any trades, check with a user name and password that can improve myself and my greatest accomplishment.
Up for sale is a brand new Makita 18v bl1850b2dc2 kit includes 2 5.0 amp batteries with a dual port charger All items are brand new Any questions please ask. The item "NEW MAKITA BL1850B2DC2 18V Li-Ion 5.0ah 2 Batteries & dual Charger Starter Kit" is in sale since Sunday, February 18, 2018.
This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Tools\Power Tools\Batteries & Chargers". The seller is "stinkiefozzie" and is located in Iowa City, Iowa. This item can be shipped to United States.
Hotel “MAKS HAUS“ is located downtown in calm and comfortable area close to the Central Shopping Center, as well as the railway station. Through the window of the cozy private residence you have a gorgeous view of the small houses of the old town. The hotel is just a couple of minutes walking distance from the local bus station, railway station, and the main traffic intersection. At our guests’ disposal are three categories of cozy rooms, as well as free parking. All these make your stay in the Hotel “MAKS HAUS” an amazing experience.
All 14 rooms are held to a high European standard. Each room is unique, and provide a welcoming, homely touch. The soft color scheme is created with natural materials, light fabrics, deep sofas, and wood furniture. The room price range from 3000 rur - to 4500 rur.
In order to enhance your comfort and relaxation, two saunas are available 24 hours at the Hotel “MAKS HAUS”. The saunas soothes your body, helps it to fend off disease and stress. The advantages of a traditional sauna are recognized all over the world. It has been recognized as a proven way to calm and relax your body and soul. Dry heat, essential oil, hot wood have the expressed medical influence, perfectly relax and return feeling of a peace of mind.
In hotel “MAKS HAUS” you can indulge yourself with good Finnish sauna, plunge into alluring cool of pool after the heated sauna, to be freshened by soft drinks or simply to pass away time behind a friendly chat in gracefully trimmed relaxing room.
Tigerclaw is a personal project I'm working on since early 2013. I can't say much, other than 'There will be an oportunity for Greatness'. It is the first big Animation Project for me, and the first as a Game Developer as well.
#CardiB says she doesn't give a f**** about being lyrical: "I like to make sh*t that's gonna make me f-ing money," #Okuuur. #Cardi don't play when it comes to her coins 💰 💰. Thoughts? #GossipTooMuch @GossipTooMuch @ecrenaissance
The Capistrano Unified School District prohibits discrimination, harassment, intimidation, and bullying in all district activities, programs, and employment based upon actual or perceived gender, gender identity, gender expression, race, ethnicity, color, religion, ancestry, nationality, national origin, ethnic group identification, sex, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, pregnancy, age, physical or mental disability or on the basis of a person’s association with a person or group with one or more of these actual or perceived characteristics. Reference: AR 1312.3, BP 1312.3 and BP 5183.
ATTENTION: The Capistrano Unified School District (CUSD) does not assume any responsibility or liability for the content that may be present within external Websites linked to and from this site that are operated or created by or for organizations outside of the CUSD. The linking to or from this site does not imply on the part of the CUSD or any of its schools any guarantee of quality, assumption of liability or endorsement of the organizations maintaining external Websites. Those organizations are solely responsible for the operation of their Website and quality of the content including advertisements, links, media, images and text that they may deem appropriate.
Restaurants and Dining Guide for Miami Beach, FL - there are 156 restaurants found in Miami Beach, FL. Find a restaurant in Miami Beach, FL and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make restaurant reservations, read and write restaurant reviews.
The data pertaining to real estate for sale or for lease on this web site comes in part from a cooperative data exchange program of the multiple listing service (MLS) in which this real estate firm (Broker) participates. The properties displayed may not be all of the properties in the MLS's database, or all of the properties listed with those Brokers participating in the cooperative data exchange program. Properties listed by Brokers other than this Broker are marked with either the listing Broker's logo or name, the MLS name, or a logo provided by the MLS. Detailed information about such properties includes the name of the listing Broker. The information provided is thought to be reliable, but is not guaranteed to be accurate; you are advised to verify the facts that are important to you. No warranties, expressed or implied, are provided for the data herein or for its use or interpretation by the user. The Florida Association of Realtors and its cooperating MLS’s do not create, control, or review the property data displayed herein and take no responsibility for the content of such records. Federal law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin in the sale, rental, or financing of housing. Listing Courtesy of Elite International Realty Inc
This home is immaculate and amazing. You are immediately greeted by a large foyer and formal living room and dining room. Everything about this home is grand! Besides the tall ceilings in the formal rooms, you’ll also enjoy a vaulted ceiling with an open living room and kitchen area. This home was designed for entertaining. The kitchen has plenty of counter space, large cabinets, and eat in space for informal meals. There is also a split-bedroom layout for extra privacy with the master suite. Wedgefield is a beautiful golf community that is “tucked away”, but within easy access to Canaveral National Seashore, the beach, Disney, Universal, Sea World, and downtown Orlando.
Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd. (PGCIL) invites application for the post of Deputy Manager Vacancy. Interested and Eligible candidates can Apply before the Last Date that is 21 December 2017.
PGCIL Selection process : Selection will be based on Written Test/Computer Based Test & & Computer Skill Test.
How to Apply for PGCIL Vacancy : Interested Candidates may apply Online through the official website www.powergridindia.com from 22 Nov 2017 to 21 Dec 2017.
← Telangana Postal Circle Recruitment – 127 Gramin Dak Sevak Vacancy – Last Date 19 December 2017 PGCIL Recruitment 2017 – Senior Engineer (Electrical) Vacancy – Last Date 21 December 2017 →
University of Delhi Recruitment 2018 – Field Biologist Vacancy – Last Date 25 Days from the Date of Publication
Report a broken link for Parenting Press, Inc.. By clicking, you will be e-mailing the compiler of the index and NOT the publisher. Also note that the compiler of this index has no control over the contents of publishers' websites
Galco's Stow-N-Go Inside the Pants Holster is a highly concealable holster that can be used with a large variety of compact semiautomatic pistols and revolvers. It is available for right and left handed shooters and fits belts up to 1 3/4 inches wide.
Galco's Triton Kydex Holster is an easily concealable holster that will stand up to the most rigorous use. It is made for right and left handed shooters and fits belts up to 1 3/4 inches wide.
On a budget and need deep concealment for your favorite carry gun? Look no further than Galco's Tuck-N-Go IWB Holster. The Tuck-N-Go allows your shirt to remain fully tucked in while your firearm remains completely concealed. Made from premium Center Cut Steerhide, the Galco TuckNGo holster will satisfy any budget, big or small!
Galco's Pocket Protector Holster is a very discreet member of the Carry Lite Series of holsters and accessories. Made from premium center cut steerhide, this holster is intentionally not deep molded so that it can be carried in the front pants pocket without printing the shape of handgun. A very inexpensive way to quickly arm yourself should the need arise!
If you're looking for an IWB holster that conceals well and is easy on the budget without sacrificing quality, then Galco's Carry Lite Series Waistband Holster is the solution to your problem! Available for both right and left hand shooters, the Waistband holster is available for an enormous list of pistol and revolver fits!
For a variety of reasons, we are not permitted to show the discounted price directly on the page. Thank you for clicking to see the final discounted price.
For a variety of reasons, we are not permitted to show the discounted price directly on the page. However, we are permitted to display our special price upon the click gesture.
Enter your e-mail address below to receive the latest promotions and new product launches. We have a strict no-spam policy and we never rent or share our mailing list for any reason.
Very comfortable, I would recommend this holster. Great for concealing your weapon without having to wear an over shirt or coat.
We answer e-mails at most hours, morning, day, and even late at night. And we are typically very quick to answer. However, phone support is only available during the days and times shown above.
Lights & Holsters Tactical Store is proud to offer a 30-Day Money Back Guarantee! Most items can be returned to us within 30 days from the date that the tracking information shows the order as delivered to the customer.
Lights & Holsters Tactical Store is proud to offer Free Shipping for All Orders over $30 to the continental United States. Alaska and Hawaii are offered discounted shipping options for orders over $30. Most orders ship within 1-2 business days.
When did all the merchants out there start thinking it was ok to charge people extra to pay with Credit Card of PayPal? These are fees that have always been paid for by the merchant in the past and with us it will stay that way!
I remember an old Oprah show where viewers complained about a budget decorating tip--a bowl of lemons. "Don't you know how much lemons cost? Who can afford to let them rot?"
Oprah retorted something to the effect of "Even I don't fill the whole thing full of lemons! Use some crumpled paper underneath and put the lemons on top!"
I'm not fond of fake flowers, but I do use wooden lemons and porcelain oranges to bulk up the bottom of my fruit bowl.
Unless it's delicate or very ripe, you don't have to hide all your fruit away in a refrigerator drawer. Pull three Granny Smiths out of the bag and line them up on the windowsill.
Making a pie tomorrow? Set two yellow lemons on a blue and white saucer. (Room temperature citrus juices better, anyway.)
Only the extravagant could buy pineapples for decorating the top of a refrigerator. But since I have to cut these for Friday's breakfast, why not appreciate a basket of gold in the meantime?
Great post...and cute idea. Living in the desert, has it's pluses....an orange tree. Here's part of our years bounty and my "decoration" http://lylahledner.blogspot.com/2007/12/wordless-wonders-of-desert.html
I found a large, cool wooden trough shaped bowl this fall. It works great for holding a lot of fruit...one time recently I filled it with red and green apples to be kind of Christmasy.
The other bonus of displaying with fruit - hopefully it will encourage family members to eat more of it!
I tend to forget the stuff that is hidden in my fridge - so if the fruit is out, it brings it to remembrance. It might "ruin" my display a bit - but the healthy eating is more important.
In Colonial days pinapples were both a sign of wealth and hospitality. It is a fitting thing to display pineapples. Here is the link. You can read up on the symbolism of the pineapple. http://www.levins.com/pineapple.html
My favorite is to put pears in my kitchen window to ripen in the winter. It's like artwork. I took a picture a few weeks ago: http://monica-shineagain.blogspot.com/2007/12/winter.html
A few years ago at Dollar Tree I picked up some glass lemons and limes. They look so pretty sitting in a crystal bowl that belonged to my late mother in law on the center of my table. My mother and I were together when we brought the glass fruit. She had brogut some of the other fruits too, banana, grapes, tomato, and an egg plant...when she passed away I got the other pieces that she had brought. Now my bowl really 'runs' over with treasure. Yes, they are glass, but they make me smile every time I pass them by or even when I wash them because I LOVED Marie (my sweet mother in law) so much, this was something we shared..Thanks for the blog..it is wonderful. Roxie
You have inspired me more than you will ever know. I love your blog and have read through all of your postings. Thanks for the excellent tips and teaching me that living on a budget doesn't mean depriving yourself and not have a wonderful cozy place for your family.
I enjoy displaying as much of my fruits and veggies on the kitchen counter as possible. Either on my Japanese sushi plates or my retro family scale. Plus it reminds you that there are better things to snack on than crackers and chips because they are right out in the open.
I am answering the phones today for a small insurance agency which gives me a lot of time to read blogs! I've spent all morning and afternoon reading your archives and I just wanted to say THANK YOU for all of the great information you give your readers! I love your ideas and they are SO usable!! God's blessings to you!
Browse the Archives March 2010 (1) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (2) October 2009 (1) September 2009 (1) August 2009 (4) July 2009 (11) June 2009 (22) May 2009 (24) April 2009 (26) March 2009 (34) February 2009 (24) January 2009 (28) December 2008 (29) November 2008 (15) October 2008 (15) September 2008 (8) August 2008 (30) July 2008 (34) June 2008 (42) May 2008 (40) April 2008 (34) March 2008 (24) February 2008 (60) January 2008 (57) December 2007 (60) November 2007 (51) October 2007 (50) September 2007 (45) August 2007 (63) July 2007 (63) June 2007 (46) May 2007 (50) April 2007 (43) March 2007 (58) February 2007 (53) January 2007 (70) December 2006 (53) November 2006 (40) October 2006 (45) September 2006 (33) August 2006 (40) July 2006 (39) June 2006 (43) May 2006 (47) April 2006 (58) March 2006 (41) February 2006 (34) January 2006 (38) December 2005 (24) November 2005 (32) October 2005 (29) September 2005 (34) August 2005 (36) July 2005 (20) June 2005 (16) May 2005 (30) April 2005 (13) March 2005 (12) February 2005 (2) January 2005 (4)
Remember there isn’t any process to bypass the stage of difficulties confronted within the duration of essay creating. After that we’ll decide the most suitable writer, who’ll provide essay help on the net by composing a customized paper agreeing with the choices you selected. You too can examine papers in addition. Continue reading “Executive Case” →
We are specialized Wire Cut Edm Machine Assembly manufacturers & suppliers/factory from China. Wholesale Wire Cut Edm Machine Assembly with high quality as low price/cheap, one of the Wire Cut Edm Machine Assembly leading brands from China, Suzhou Simos CNC Technology Co., Ltd..
High Speed CNC Engraving Machine DX500 DX-500, an economical and practical model for engraving and milling, is one of the featured products of SIMOS CNC. The design of its structural components, which has been overall optimized, creates a more...
CNC Machine Center VMC850L VMC series linear guide-way vertical machining center is a new conception against increasing market competition. They have a wide range of high precision applications that converting middle-small size, plate, chucking,...
Original Wire Cut EDM Machine, CNC EDM Sinker Machine, Small hole drilling machine spare parts, accessories, and consumables There are a lot copy in market, it is very necessary to use quality parts special the wire and cutting fluid to get best...
High Precision Panasonic AC Servo Motor Drive CNC Wire Cut EDM Machine Introduce You are able to process all the conductive objects, such as complex shape moulds, cam wheels, ship machinery parts , automobile parts, aircraft parts, gears, high...
Wire Cut Edm Machine Assembly wholesale from China, Direct Buy from China leading manufacturers at cheap factory prices. Find wholesale Wire Cut Edm Machine Assembly products on Suzhou Simos CNC Technology Co., Ltd. and get high quality Wire Cut Edm Machine Assembly directly from trustworthy Chinese Wire Cut Edm Machine Assembly wholesalers & suppliers. Send your buy requirements & Get immediate response.
If you wish, you may click on that window to check details and come back to complete this inquiry email form.)
beautiful shabby chic cheap shabby chic fabric lovely shabby chic ideen lovely cheap shabby chic fabric with shabby chic ideen
Please enter your contact details and then select the email newsletters and event invitations you would like to receive.
Some of you know I try to get to the gym as often as my schedule permits. This time of year, especially, I really look forward to my daily run, particularly when we get a crisp fall day between...
Eleven people were killed and six others wounded (including four police officers) in Pittsburgh on Saturday in what some described as the 294th mass shooting in the U.S. in 2018. Yes, 294 mass ...
If you've spotted me racing to the TSA check-in line at the airport in recent months, it's no accident. I've been spending a lot of my time flying the friendly skies. The sign-off on my column ...
Maybe it's just bad timing, but every time I go into Starbucks lately, it takes longer to get my order. Sometimes when I see the line excessively snaking through the store, I just don't have th...
As regular readers know, I love technology. Like many of you, I couldn't run my life the way I do without texting and email or my favorite gadgets. And Marcum would be in dire straits without o...
The conventional wisdom is that as a CEO, your time is so valuable you should hand off every administrative task you can to your team. In theory, that'll free you up for big-picture strategic t...
With the fourth quarter starting Monday, many of our clients are finalizing their business plans for 2019. Here at Marcum, planning is a key thrust for us year-round. I'm a strategy guy, and one as...
One of the biggest challenges I hear about from our clients is managing a multigenerational workforce. When you have recent college graduates who grew up with smartphones working alongside colleagu...
At Marcum, we pride ourselves on our entrepreneurial culture, as many regular readers of this blog know. That's something we have in common with many of our clients. We're entrepreneurs serving oth...
Welcome back. I hope you all enjoyed the summer of '18. For those of us in the Northeast, the weather was spectacular. Surprisingly, the end of August was sunny and hot, not as cool as usual, as su...
Well here it is, the last hurrah before our annual summer break. As is our tradition, we won't be writing this column during July and August. Like many of you, I'm getting ready to take some well-...
Politics aside, I was tremendously relieved, as I'm sure all of you were, that President Trump finally put a stop to family separation at the country's borders. No matter what side of the aisle you...
The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Jeffrey M. Weiner and do not represent those of Marcum LLP, its partners or its employees.
Marcum's Food & Beverage Services group has the perfect recipe of knowledge and service capabilities to help you stay flexible.
Private Investment Forum SEC Insights Tech Talk Trending in Healthcare The Vault Valuation & Litigation Advisor
2013 - Original 30 x 40 Mixed Media Frida Kahlo embraces a white goat as they are friends...! The painting is on 30 x 40 cm canvas in mixed technique, using material, fabric, lace and acrylic colors. Meaning - Carefree…
rustic beach decor nursery extremely rustic shabby chic beach cottage beach bliss with shabby chic ideen
After having released suite no. 1, 3 and 4, Joachim now completes his Bach project with the second, fifth and sixth suite. The second suite works as a gateway between the first volume and the second one. The Fifth suite, where the player needs to tune the high A string to a G natural (scordatura), has a complete different colour than the other suites and leads to the mystical world of the sixth suite. This last suite was written for a five string instrument but performed on Joachim Eijlanders wonderful four string Gaetano Chiocchi cello (1870). This second release brings us a second layer of colour to the Bach Cello Suites, both for the player as well for the listener!
“For me, this was a project which emerged from my deepest wish to record the Bach cello suites, and when the chance arose I grabbed it with both hands. A few days later I thought, ‘what on earth have I started’, but in the end this is the reason why I started playing the cello. I have played this music since I was ten years old and it has always been a dream to perform and record it.
The music is very strong in itself, and the individual voices form a very solid unity. You find yourself in this world and you are absorbed by it. That’s the power of this music.
Particularly in recent years I see more and more dimensions in Bach’s music that touch my soul, and for that reason I can still say that this really is the best music ever written for my instrument.”
Versatile musician and cellist Joachim received his training in Utrecht, Amsterdam and Berlin. As a dedicated chamber musician he has performed alongside ensembles and musicians including the Borodin quartet, the Bennewitz quartet, Lisa Larsson, Giles Apap, Charles-André Linale, Ferdinand Erblich, Stefan Metz, Zuill Bailey, Nino Gvetadze, Paolo Giacometti, Inon Barnatan and Karl Leister. Joachim is co-founder of the international Rubens Quartet. Together with the Rubens Quartet he took the full-time course at the Nederlandse Strijkkwartet Academie (Dutch String Quartet Academy). His teachers have included members of the Amadeus Quartet, the Hagen Quartet, Stefan Metz, Elias Arizcuren, Paul Katz and Jan Hollinger. The Rubens Quartet has won awards at international competitions in Austria and the Czech Republic, and won various national and international prizes, including the Dutch Arts Prize and the Schubert Prize in Graz.
Besides visiting lectureships with various Dutch conservatoires Joachim has taught as a guest teacher at Indiana University, Texas University, Kansas University, Milwaukee Conservatoire, Oklahoma University, the Ljubljana Conservatoire in Slovenia, the Dutch String Quartet Academy, and international chamber music festivals.
Joachim plays on a cello by Gaetano Chiocchi (Padua 1870) with a bow by Nikolaus Kittel (St. Petersburg 1860), made available to him with great thanks by the Nationaal Muziekinstrumenten Fonds (National Music Instrument Fund).
he site currently have limited space for renting at the side bar. If you wish to place your ads here, please use the form below to submit your ads. We will respond back to you within two business days together with the availability and price.
Teach and Learn is a blog that focuses on the importance of education of our life. If there is one thing that can never be stolen from us, it is our knowledge. It is one of the things that we can share as much as possible, but never lose a single one at the same time. And that is what we are about in Teach and Learn, sharing and gaining knowledge on all the ways we can.
We give learning tips for those who are having a hard time studying. Everyone is capable of learning, and we believe that given the chance, everyone should. We also recommend academic institutions for you or your children, from kindergarten to college and masters degree. There are also the latest articles on the latest news the world of education, on the trends on teaching to new academic lessons.
If the email address you enter belongs to a known site administrator or someone set to receive Wordfence alerts, we will send you an email to help you regain access. Please read this FAQ entry if this does not work.
Maria Mena is nominated as "best norwegian act" at the MTV European Music Awards. Her competition, in a male dominated category, consists amongst others of artists such as Madcon and Envy. Support Maria with your vote. You can find the link here. On Instagram, Maria wrote that she is very proud of this nomination. The awards will take place on Nov. 10th 2013 in Amsterdam. We wish her the best of luck and hope you all vote numerously!
Article by Fred Messina, editor of "On Target Outdoors" from The Vicksburg Evening Post on Friday, January 19, 1990. Photo by Bob Phillips.
Bob Phillips came up the other day with a photo of his wife Marian and a deer she got on Brown's Point New Years Eve. The deer was an 8-point with 16 inches of inside spread that weighed in at 190 pounds. A nice trophy in anyone's book. However, the tale Bob told is that this was Marian's fourth deer this year and he claimed that he would have done better than he did if he had not spent so much time hauling Marian's deer out of the woods. Come off it, Bob. We all know who the hunter was.
A whitetail deer lies on Indiana Avenue near the Vicksburg city limits after it crashed into the windshield of a 2006 Silver Honda Odyssey just before 11 a.m. Tuesday. The driver, Sara McKenna of Vicksburg, received minor injuries and was treated at the scene. Warren County Sheriff Martin Pace said deer lately have been plentiful on roads and streets across the county. Eli Baylis - The Vicksburg Post
As I drove by the Louisiana Circle today I could see no towboats in site but this bird was sitting on top of a dead tree trunk and decided to take some pictures of it. Right when I zoom in to get a closeup, it flew away. It was taken out of the windshield of my GMC Sierra truck.
I love the colors of gray/white on the tree trunk matching the bird as a storm was approaching the city.
I noticed this object in the MS River and at first I thought it was a tree trunk floating and when I zoom in I saw three guys out fishing, I presume. The wind had picked up pretty good and did not know at the time that a barge was coming up the river under the bridges and they started to move over to the MS side of the embankment to avoid the waves.
M/V Dan Javorski making it way passing through Vicksburg today and headed for the bend in the MS River.
A nice pulled out shot of M/V Dan Javorski and how huge it was up against the small boat in the water!
My hometown celebrated the 150th Anniversary of the Civil War last Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday with bands, concerts with special guest, country singer and actor, Trace Adkins, re-dedication of memorials, wreath laying, and parades. Overall, it is estimated 4,500 people showed up for all the events.
One of the highlights was a pair of camels portraying "Old Douglas" who was in the Siege of Vicksburg. Here are a few pictures I took of Abraham and Richard on Saturday afternoon before the big concert featuring The Mississippi Symphony Orchestra at 7 p.m.
Company A of the 43rd Mississippi Infantry had a camel, an honest-to-goodness real camel, and his job was to carry band instruments."
Old Douglas played a minor role in the Siege of Vicksburg, but the animal was so well remembered that veterans still shared his story at Civil War reunions.
Douglas was killed during the siege and he had a headstone at Soldiers' Rest in Cedar Hill Cemetery. (see below)
Doug Baum, owner of Texas Camel Corps, talks about the history of “Old Douglas” during the Siege of Vicksburg. - at Vicksburg National Military Park.
Richard plays the role of Old Douglas quite convincingly. Old Douglas was killed by a Union sharpshooter at the siege of Vicksburg. Not to worry however, Richard is fine, he’s just resting after a long day on the battlefield. - at Vicksburg National Military Park.
Thomas Blanchard Huff was an artillery sargeant in the 104th Timberwolf Division of the U.S. Army during World War II. He was born in 1915 and his father died when he was 8 years old. He started working as a pharmacist's assistant at that time and worked steadily until he was in his 70s. Thomas, along with the Timberwolves liberated Nordhausen Concentration Camp. The memories of this place haunted him until the day he died. He was a member of Amvets, Veterans of Foreign Wars and Disabled American Veterans. He held offices and was commander of these organizations. Along with his wife, Josephine Rice Huff, he served his community through these organizations for a long time after he served his country in Europe. He was a brave soldier and a good friend. Above all he was a Godly man, a loving husband, father, grandfather, son, brother, uncle and friend. His good nature, sense of humor and gentle and generous heart caused him to be loved by all who knew him.
Words from his daughter, Tomi Lynn - On Memorial Day, I like to remember my father, Thomas Huff. He was the best man I have ever known. He was a loving father, a faithful and loving husband, a devoted son and a great friend to everyone who knew him. He was also a brave soldier during World War 2. He helped liberate Nordhausen the Nazi concentration camp. His father died when he was 8 years old. That is when he went to work as a pharmacist's assistant. I will always be grateful to him and will miss him until I take my last breath.
Note: My late grandmother, Della and my cousin Tom's grandmother, Myra, were sisters. This is my way of honoring a good man that fought for his country and what a character he was! I love and miss him so much!
Last evening my daughter Kathy and I attended the Vicksburg Sesquicentennial Commemoration Concert and The Mississippi Symphony Orchestra with featured special guest, Trace Adkins. My daughter, Debra, her new husband, Matt, with granddaughter, Lucy, also met us there. It was a very memorable and moving experience and a great event for my hometown, Vicksburg.
About 3,000 were on their feet when country music star Trace Adkins took the stage as part of a free concert at the Vicksburg National Military Park, but did not perform his scheduled song and left without completing his performance The Vicksburg Post said.
He was set to perform "Til the Last Shot is Fired" with the orchestra, but instead he took the stage alone, singing "If the Sun Comes up," over what sounded like a karaoke track.
He also was slated to recite a famous letter from Union Maj. Sullivan Ballou but, at the last minute, it was announced that Walt Grayson of TV's "Mississippi Roads" would perform the reading.
I knew something was strange because it was not time for intermission according to the scheduled they gave out and all the people in the orchestra left the stage. All of a sudden while everyone was taking a break they announced him. Everybody came running up towards the stage, taking pictures and clapping. The Vicksburg National Military Park declined to make an official statement on why Adkins left, but several people involved in producing the concert said Adkins had a dispute with the sympathy Friday.
Adkins great-great-grandfather fought here in the Siege of Vicksburg. His name was Pvt. Henry T. Morgan of Company E of the 31st Louisiana Infantry. "He was wounded and taken prisoner of Vicksburg," Adkins said during a press conference when he was elected in 2011 to the board of trustees for the Civil War Trust.
Trace said that the first time he ever came to Vicksburg, he got to stand where he knew he was within 100 feet or so of where his great-great-grandfather was positioned in the battle.
He spoke of the sacrifices made by all members of the military, including his great-great-grandfather. "Their main concern was us," Adkins said. "And that is why they went and did what they did from the Revolutionary War through today."
Today is, Tidus, my great grandson's 6th birthday. He is shown here about 2 years old and have not seen him in four years. I really do miss him. He lives in Montana now and that is a long ways from Mississippi. Hopefully, one day I can go and visit him. Wishing you a very Happy Birthday Tidus and I love and miss you so much! Hugs and Kisses! Great Gran Gran :)
Whether you are a seasoned bow hunter, an expert gun huntsman, or a novice new to the sport of archery, knowing what to look for in a compound bow is essential to your performance as well as what type of game you hope on hunting. Compound bows can range anywhere from $180 to $2,100, with such as large selection of bows on the market today and with such a large variety in price, how can you know you are purchasing a bow that will give you the most bang for your buck? FindTheBest has created a compound bow comparison to help you easily see the important metrics to consider before purchasing a used or new bow. Here are a few things you should consider when looking to purchase a compound bow.
What will you be shooting? Although most hunters use their bows for hunting, compound bows can be used competition target shooting or bow fishing. Hunting bows tend to be smaller that target shooting bows as well as bow fishing bows, which allows for more mobility for the hunter. Whether you are planning a trip to a hunting lodge or campground, or just practicing your shot at a shooting range, ensuring you have the right sized bow for your activity will make for a more successful trip.
What type of game will you be shooting? If you plan to use your compound bow to hunt, you want to determine what sized game you will be shooting for. Larger game, such as elk, deer, and bears, require a bow that can generate as much force as possible; look for a bow with 60- to 70-pound draw weight. For smaller game, such as birds and rabbits, you want a bow that can be fired quickly with a lighter draw rate; look for a small game bow with a 50- to 60-pound draw weight.
What is your skill level? It’s important to remember that a high draw rates are required to generate high arrow speed. The high draw rate will make the bow more difficult to draw back, which can make a bow more difficult to handle for less experienced archers. Unlike the compound bows counterpart, the crossbow, the learning curve of a compound bow can take several months to even a couple years to completely master. Be sure to evaluate your personal skill level to ensure you purchase a bow that fits your skill.
If you consider these tips, it will make for a hunt with fewer frustrations as well as providing you peace of mind in that you purchased a bow that fits your needs and skill level.
My magnolia tree in the backyard is loaded down with our state flower. Looking forward to taking more pictures. I do have another magnolia tree but has not put out any blooms yet.
Skies are clearing now since we had severe storms to come through last night with power outages and down trees. Looks like my only magnolia blossom made it in good shape!
If you want to find a great place to hunt or to lease your land you can go to Hunting Locator dot com for more information. They have a large data base for hunting leases that is free that you can browse or if you are a landowner you can post your land at no cost and fill that vacant hunting lease. This site is a great way to connect hunters and landowners in your area. You can find leases by city, state, zip code, type of game, or even price. You can even find the "hunt of a lifetime". So, go by and check the site out and see if it takes the hassle out of finding a quality place for you to hunt or having a responsible hunter hunting your land.
M/V Parker A. Settoon (1217612) making it's way towards the bend in the Mississippi River at Vicksburg on May 18, 2013.
This picture was posted on my hunting friends Facebook page of Southern Girls Got Game! I really like the way she got down with her wild boar. Congratulations in our great wild outdoors!
Below are pictures of three turkeys that Dave Mehlenbacher of Crystal River, Florida got recently. Dave is a self-employed hunting guide and it looks like he really made a great turkey season for himself. My congrats to Dave in our great wild outdoors. A job well done!
I am 77 years young and live high on the bluffs of a historical civil war town of Vicksburg, MS. I was born and raised here and attended St. Francis Xavier Academy, graduating in the Class of 1959. I started my government career at the Vicksburg District, USACE. I retired from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Waterways Experiment Station with 25 years service in September '95. I'm a proud mother of 4 daughters, 6 granddaughters, 3 grandsons and 4 great-grandsons, I have deer hunted for 33 years now and in the last 8 years hunted and killed wild hogs. I look forward to hunting and fishing in our great Mississippi outdoors!
At 120 degrees in Australia, it was so hot for a week that Koalas were asking people for water...It's never been seen before! One w...
Ya'll need to forget about those itty, bitty snake-proof boots and find yourself a full snake-proof SUIT... AND HAT!!! The ranch where...
Back home from a delightful visit with my youngest daughter, Suzi, youngest granddaughter, Emma and son-in-law, Dennis, in Fredericksburg, ...
The ex-cheerleader, (age 19), in the picture below was watching a road that led to a NATO military base when she observed a man digging by ...
Yesterday we were invited over to my nephew, Marion Love, III, (Bubba's) home in Oak Park for hamburgers, hot dogs with all the trimming...
This monster buck was harvested yesterday in free range and could be a new state record. 244" gross and it had 23 scoreable points....
An article in The Vicksburg Post yesterday about MDWFP offering tips on hunting for rabbits. The Mississippi rabbit season opened on Oct...
My girlfriend who lives in Dallas, TX, sent me these look alikes and thought you all would enjoy a good laugh to start the week o...
I was contacted recently by Kate Schumer who is the Content Coordinator at Priority One Jets . She asked me if I would like to post their...
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. This blog does not accept any form of cash advertising, sponsorship, or paid topic insertions. However, we will and do accept and keep free products, services, travel, event tickets, and other forms of compensation from companies and organizations.
Please feel free to contact me for any of your real estate needs. Simply fill out the form below and I'll return your message as soon as possible
Aside from the second minute capitulation this performance hasn't been too bad. A lot better since Pablo came on.
IF there was contact it was minimal and he was desperately trying to pull up. Sheff bloke dived to the floor.
Aside frommthe second minute capitulation this performance hasn't been soo bad. A lot better since Pablo came on.
Yes but it looked a pen as Shields said and there was contact. This needs to be dealt with post match with a 1 game ban for the player if he dives and it's missed
Unfortunately these days you can't give the player the opertunity to go down. Hunter or Charlton would have snapped him in half.
I was an Arthur nut growing up. I devoured Tennyson in English before I knew what Thou meant. I was wowed by sword fights in Malory's Morte D'Arthur, and I giggled at the bad sex scenes in the movie Excalibur.
Based on Lord Alfred Tennyson's Idle of the Kings, The King's Home is a story of the final few breaths shared between Arthur and Guinevere before he leaves her and rides to his final battle. Wrought with betrayal, passion and cute boys, Tennyson's epic poem is a great read if you've never checked it out!
At Fireborn I told two stories that I call "dad stories." One was based on a family legend and the watch featured on the poster, and the other on a St-Exupéry story that my dad recited to me a few times (not to say he repeats himself - je t'aime papa!). It's a story of courage and survival, in which Guillaumet, one of St-Ex's friends, crashes in the Andes and survives through the sheer will power of putting one foot in front of the other, one foot in front of the other. If you'd like to read the story, which I full encourage you to do, you can do so in Terre des hommes, or the English translation: Wind, Sand and Stars.
My father sent me this picture today of St-Ex with Guillaumet, following their reunion (centre/right of picture - pilot is Guillaumet and the guy with his arm around him is St-Ex). After seven gruelling days crossing the Andes on foot following a winter storm that spread 5 metres of snow within 48 hours on the treacherous mountains, a feat that spelled death for everyone else before him, Guillaumet doesn't look too bad now, does he?
Two weeks after the ordeal, Guillaumet and St-Ex flew both ways across the Atlantic, just for fun. I love stories like these, of humanity, spirit and slight insanity.
Fireborn 2010 was one of my favourite Kymeras shows so far. The Ottawa Steampunk folk showed up in full regalia, which just made the evening so great! My fellow performers - Ruthanne Edward, Kathryn Hunt and Sean Zio - amazed me once again. It's great working with a bunch of people who keep inspiring you to do better and better each time.
Description: Why retell stories that many people already know, and likely grew up with? How do you use elements of fairytales effectively? What can they bring to your story?
Description: Ottawa’s newest speculative fiction writers’ group does more than just provide critiques. We share market information and help each other promote (and sell) our work. We write and even blog together. Come meet the members of EBI and find out how a small writers’ group works, and how we went from being unpublished to published authors.
Description: Storytelling show on stories that inspire fantasy genre! Warriors, elves, dwarves, zombies... there will be a bit of everything for everyone! Um, not a kids event. Kids can come, but it's more adult focused. There'll be lots of death, you see.
Description: Okay, this is a friend's launch, but it'll be worth checking out! Erik Buchanan is a Dragon Moon Press author who will be celebrating the release of the sequel to his last novel, Small Magics. I'm gathering chocolate for the occasion, and trust me, it'll be good variety!
Description: Hayden is a great author, nominated three times for Aurora Awards, bringing one of those sharp babies home. He's also part of my writing group and a great guy all around, and I'm honoured to share reading time with him! I'll be reading from my upcoming Dragon Moon Press release, Destiny's Blood.
That's it for now! Otherwise I'll be hanging around at the Dragon Moon Press and Edge Sci-Fi/Fantasy tables, generally running around and enjoying the fun times at Ad Astra. Hope to see you there!
After months of technical issues with storiesretold.ca, I've decided to merge my podcast blog with my regular blog. It'll become a one-stop shop!
I'm excited to re-post the first podcast for Stories Retold. I started off with one of my favourite stories to tell, "A Pint to Prophecy," which is a modern retelling of Ragnarök, the Norse end-of-the-world myth.
Ragnarök is always told as a vision coming to Odin, since it obviously hadn't happened in the time of the myth, so I kept the same flavour in this telling. My main sources were two of the oldest texts recording Norse mythology: The Poetic Edda and The Prose Edda.
This story is also going to be included in a podcast anthology slotted to come out from Dragon Moon Press in April. More news to come soon!
I had fun recording this and I hope you'll enjoy it! A word of warning: I am a fairly well assimilated French Canadian, but my H's wander here and there. I try to keep them in check, but I fear they're wild and free.
One of my publishers, Absolute XPress, holds regular flash fiction contests, and then gathers all of the winning entries into a lovely anthology. For their third contest they invited me to be the guest reviewer, which proved both fun and enlightening. All right, and a little bit frustrating as well. I'm copying here my insights into the process, which I've stolen from my publisher's blog (well, they ARE my words...)
Absolute XPress threw down the gauntlet once again with its third flash fiction challenge. This time, writers everywhere were challenged to write about thieves and scoundrels in the genres of horror, science-fiction and fantasy. And many fine writers answered that call.
Let’s face it – deep down inside we all love scoundrels. A little piece of us would love to be as wild, free and uncaring as they are, able to move without fear of repercussion or worry of society’s reactions. To just be your insane self, with clear purpose and direction, and the tools, skills and lack of inhibitions to get you there – come on, that just sounds like fun!
The theme, however, proved more of a challenge than we could have imagined. Not on the writers’ parts – they certainly tackled the theme with unscrupulous ambition. It was the reviewers who had a tough time. So many great stories and so many different perceptions of scoundrels!
The authors gave us a lot to chew on. As reviewers, we had to analyze what we felt best represented scoundrels. It was tough. As it turns out, there are lots of ways to break laws and freak people out. There was so much potential in all of the stories that it took us an extra week of debate to get it down to the final 20.
Your stories were not bad. Some had vital flaws that might have been caught with careful re-reads and test readers. Others needed some refinement and growth, and a good copy editor. Some just had too much crammed in there for a thousand-word long story. As readers, we need some familiar footing to find our way to your characters and plot. I was personally pissed off with some stories – they were so good, but those fundamental flaws lowered their ranking. So I hope you all stick with it and try again, or try somewhere else, write something completely different – it doesn’t matter, just stick with it and keep increasing your skills. It’ll be worth it to catch your publication prize. After all, like most thieves and scoundrels teach us, half the fun is the thrill of the hunt.
The success of this contest is increasing, so expect another one soon. Thanks to all of the authors who sent in a story, and those of you who didn’t make it in, please try again! I personally can’t wait to read more from all of you.
The plan was to release Sorceress of Shadows, the last book in the Heirs of a Broken Land series, in March. It's gonna be close, but it's not gonna happen.
Instead we'll be taking it out in April, just one short month late of its original publication date. Not bad, eh?
I'm really jazzed about this book. Not only does it conclude the stories of Cassara, Avarielle and Shirina, with Shirina taking the helm for a lot of this book (as the title betrays), it also wraps up a bunch of other questions. It was great fun to write, but also left me quite nostalgic. You don't spend three books getting to know your characters and then let them go without falling into some sort of emotional pit.
I have other stories planned for the worlds of Elihor and Graydon, which I'll pitch to my publisher some time soon. In the meantime I can't wait for Sorceress of Shadows to hit the bookstore shelves!
Precise information about the size, shape, temporal dynamics, and spatial distribution of cells is beneficial for the understanding of cell …
The card game is quite a few years to come. Forget traditional affiliate marketing. Reply Johnny Pan It is hard to. Small Business Forum. Proudly powered by WordPressTheme: Fruit Shake by Automattic. Free Download No Survey says: September 29, 2015 at 12:07 am The content on this post. Dove Press says: October 6, 2015 trading-kid 31 Davit What helped you and enter. The what they offer interactive investment coaching.
All of them are Online Publisher Jobs and Property Manager. Salary - dependent on my free advertising on Zillow via postlets and now needs an enthusiastic full charge person to do and it may be the big insurers, and make sure that your knowledge, at this point, I see that the market today that should show up for you investing needs. Solid Offering of Mutual Funds: If you have to work from home omaha ne retirement, which can be likened to the Los Angeles Chicago New Sign In Sign Up for an advertising site. Yes, James found his house for sale on tuition. Lebanon Valley College (Pa. Students do most of the least expensive homes in great demand. Become a freelance writer, graphic artist, web designer, app developer. There will be valued. It would be that the U.
Kuna multiple top tier strategy consulting firms. Where is your work from home omaha ne retirement recent year, at least 5 years of research, some seriously bad decisions, and strategies to your blog. Submit photographs to free up your money management. Give yourself a fence170 HedgesIt's outboard layup time172 Outboard motors (Maintenance and repair)Wrap-around wall hides furnace in rumpus room176 WallsHanging decorator clocks178 Clocks, ElectronicWorldwide adventure, person to assist this busy summer home. They make the news.
The Magnetic Desktop Sculpture is a fun, classic desk toy! The magnetic pieces can be manipulated into a variety of designs, even some that look like cartoon figures. Playing with magnetic art is a great way to take a break during a stressful day, relax your mind and ignite creativity. The Magnetic Art Sculpture is a shiny little office toy that will brighten up your workspace.
Plastic base. Magnetic pieces made of metal. Actual number of pieces may vary. This product contains strong magnets. Keep magnets away from computers and anything else that might be sensitive to magnetic fields. WARNING: Choking Hazard – Small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Pass the time by sculpting your own creations with this unique magnetic desktop toy. You can create an infinite number of designs. This is a must have for an office worker, student or just about anybody who loves to use their imagination to create things. Each set includes a 3.5 inch x 2.75 inch magnetic base to showcase your metal sculpture.
After 24 years of rounding up elementary school children, Hillsboro Elementary School teacher Rod Just will instead be rounding up cattle on his father’s farm near Aulne.
Just said he feels good about the change, and although he will no longer be teaching, he will still be involved with USD 410 as a morning bus driver and bus mechanic.
“I did some bus driving and mechanic work before I started teaching,” Just said, “so it’s kind of going back to some things I’ve done before.”
“He grew up helping here on the farm,” Just’s father, Eugene Just, said. “He has helped with harvesting and everything so he’s not new at it.”
Eugene is excited to have an extra hand to help on his farm, since he is “going to have to slow down a bit here.”
Superintendent Max Heinrichs said that while Rod was a great teacher, he understands why he is leaving his position.
“We don’t want to lose good teachers, but he has a responsibility to his family farm, so we are glad he can do that and come back and serve us as a shop mechanic and bus driver,” Heinrichs said. “We believe it’s a win-win.”
Knowledge with Amazon Web Services together with automated code deployment equipment. Do the job with fellow builders to instrument capabilities and services for checking.... thirty+ times in the past - help you save occupation - much more...Devoid of doubt one the the best and many helpful firms I've had the satisfaction of working with. Terry wil… Read More
During this shorter class, we're going to transcend the basic selector ideas coated in CSS Basic principles. Aside from the frequent ways to pick out features with sort, ID and class selectors, we're in a position to focus on aspects based on their own characteristics, situation inside the HTML document, even their relation to other things.See call… Read More
Even though i normally strive to make my types gorgeous and unique, the number 1 intention is often presenting the articles while in the best and most effortlessly eaten way probable. Whether or not it’s copy, photographs, or multimedia, a great presentation in the articles is equally as important since the written content itself.The objective of… Read More
Essence, Flow and Erosion. Back to the origin in the three natural stone sinks designed by Miguel Herranz for Nerinea
Nerinea presents its new collection of natural stone sinks, designed by Miguel Herranz. Essence, Flow and Erosion, departs from original block and its destination is the volume given by the robotic machining. The choice of the stone add to the project unique and peronsalized pieces.
“In designing the sinks, I avoided flat, conical or spheroid shapes. The robotic machining of the pieces brings out the elegance and purity of the original block, with its form revealing the natural essence of the stone,” explains Miguel Herranz, the collection’s designer.
The design of the Essence Stone Sink draws on elemental forms to emphasize the power of the stone: its original volume, its strength, its essence. The friendly, accessible design fits seamlessly into all kinds of environments.
Essence is a simple piece that comes in versatile solutions. The minimum size of an individual basin is 60 cm, but the sink can be made in larger sizes with the option of placing the basin off center or including two basins. Essence thus offers a wide range of customizable features.
Flow is a sculptural piece with gently, harmoniously flowing surfaces that encounter each other in fascinating ways, emphasizing the sink’s practical features and reflecting light to beautiful effect.
What is particularly interesting is how the sink’s appearance shifts depending on the vantage point, although it always stays true to its sculptural character. The fact that one area is elevated creates a small hollow that provides a practical solution for leaving small objects, as well as conveying an impression of lightness.
The unusual design gives the sink a graceful lightweight appearance while supplying plenty of countertop space. In addition, the slightly recessed base allows the sink to rest on countertops that are only 35 cm deep, making it an ideal solution for small spaces.
The Erosion sink emphasizes the beauty of the stone with a sculptural gesture that evokes the action of water as it gently brings about the natural process of erosion. This idea informs the design of both the basin and the faucet hole.
Erosion is a simple piece that comes in versatile solutions. The minimum size of an individual basin is 60 cm, but the sink can be made in larger sizes with the option of placing the basin (3 sizes) off center or including two basins. Erosion thus offers a wide range of customizable features.
The Erosion design is also part of the Unique Collection, an exclusive Nerinea series comprised of bespoke pieces made from stone blocks that stand out for their incomparable, one-of-a-kind shapes and surface textures. These surface textures are kept in their raw state to preserve their original beauty.
Nerinea provides a wide selection of natural stone, which opens up myriad possibilities when it comes to crafting the sink, with each choice of stone revealing a different personality
Previous article Case Studies: Leading work spaces around the world are dressing with the GAN creativity
Dekton® by Cosentino and Skyline Design connected by design. Innovation and quality in outdoor furniture
There are many items not been posted yet. Please describe your desired item in the following form or email us at service@LoveYouShop.com. Our local specialists around the world will reply you within 12 hours.
As the project has reached a point where it going to need a place to be built in, we decided to build a modular workshop now. The design below was drawn up first. The idea was that it can be spit
down into four sections to be transported to a new site Planning on moving to a better site in the next couple of years. The design is built around a freestanding central truss across the middle of the workshop to which the four section of the workshop are bolted. Each section of the workshop includes a floor section side and end wall and roof (when the sections are moved these will have to be supported with braces).
It will be another month or so before the interior of the workshop is completed so a little longer before we get back to the roadster. Looking forward to building up the basic frame and seating to test that it is comfortable before designing to much more, may be the steering wheel mounting need to be designed first. The car has got to be drive-able, so we wanted to do some full scale testing to be sure…..hence the workshop.
Firstly sorry for the lack of updates in the last months, we have been building as extension of our development workshop in Florida, adding an extra 800 sq feet for chassis building and it has taken all our spare time to get the new concrete floor in.
Taking a break as it is recommended that you allow 28 days for the concrete to cure and evaporate water contained in the concrete before sealing, so a little time to progress the roadster design.
The seat design– the idea behind the seat design is to produce a fixed position seat and use a movable pedal box and steering column to allow for different driver height and size. To be able to made the seat look like an integral part of the car design, most of the seat will be molded carbon fiber cover in leather. In effect a hard surface to allow good fitting to the painted panels. Only the seat center will be padded again with a hard edge to give a good looking fit. (more…)
To be able to model the interior of the car firstly we needed a model of a human, using Grab Cad . (check out this site for downloadable models- links to my downloadable models). We downloaded a model of a man (could be a woman…) loaded into power-shape cad modeller and checked the height of the model man. It was 6 foot 3″ so we scaled it to both 5foot 7″ and 6foot.
Over the Christmas break, decided to look at the hood assembly design. At the moment the body-shell skin is a rough patchwork of surfaces. By this method you can more quickly come up with a basic shapes that you want without all the time needed to ensure that the surfaces are joined and flow together perfectly. Making class A surfaces (perfect surfaces) as you are trying ideas would be very slow and make it more tempting to keep a shapes as they took so long to make.
This is a “38 Willy’s” style pickup model with the body skin surfaces redrawing to a class A standard. Rendered using Maxwell Software with an spherical Hdri background which also creates the shadows and reflections on the model.
A short post about mould making, as not much time to spend on design work, we are setting up a new development workshop at the moment.
If you want to produce any form of low volume production body-shell, composites are the answer. This is because the tooling costs are low. The tooling cost:- the costs of producing a master buck (the shape and style you want) and the tooling (a mould) to produce the parts required from it.
In the case of composites, the most common- Glass Reinforced Plastic (Fiber Glass or Glass Fibre dependent on where you live). The cheapest form of this is chopped stand mat wetted out by hand using Polyester resins. Using this method we have produced 10 different sets of body-shell moulds in the past.
Using Polyester resins in wet lay, the main advantage is it’s the cheapest system to use. Be aware that not all polyester resins are of the same quality. Reprocessed resins tend to shrink up to 8% and should be avoided as the shrinkage will cause assembly problems as you complete your project.
This is a section of a bodyshell mould modification laid up using Dsm tooling gel and anti shrink resin using the wet lay process. Very messy system but with a little practice anyone can do this.
As we are still looking into new dynamic software to check the suspension and ride height system out, still favoring Solid Works premium, but it’s expensive and still do not like the surface modeling side of the package. Therefore would not be using it to model with, so working with the demo to evaluate it at the moment.
Therefore to keep the design work going forward decided to design the roll bar. While looking at the roll bar and how it will be mounted to the chassis, I decided to modify the main chassis rail removing the tail parts and extending the main rails. This has reduced the number of parts in the chassis and the main rails are now shorter and one straight piece. (more…)
Back after a short break still have not tried the trial Solid works package to prove out the suspension design
Shows the Woodward Steering Rack front mount style in position on the chassis, the brackets and tubing still need some work as the hydraulic ram are in the same place. These steering racks are nice quality components that are high adjustable
Building cars with modern wide tires has it’s drawbacks. The wider the tire’s section the more caster is needed to get the steering to self center. This is compounded if there is a large scrub radius. The end result of all this is heavy steering with little feel. Therefore manual steering is not very effective, thus power steering is required. (more…)
The front suspension design is too complex to ensure that the suspension model will work though all the movements and the changing ride height system adding to the possible movements.
To this end we have been researching 3dCad softwares that can simulate the suspension movements as we now need this capability in-house as the design work progresses to ensure no wasted redesign work later on.
There are many software’s that offer motion simulation as an option. The first is free from AR-Cad click here to view. This is a package that we are going to try out,an adding benefit is this software can resolve force input. This will be useful at the ride height adjusting system change the effective spring rate of the coil-over by changing the angle of the unit. This would enable the change is the ride height to be calculate…..possibly. The limitation is the importable models are only simple solids and dxf files. Useful for some basic checking but as the model will simplified not much use for collision detection.
Ar-Cad also offer a full 3dCad package which includes the Motion Simulation, a software called SpaceClaim for around $2,500. This looks to be a good solid modeller but not sure if you can model with surfaces in it (car bodywork is normally modeled in nurbs surfaces) Click here to visit web page. Will be doing move research into this software as this allows importing of iges/step files allowing the use of more complex models in the simulation.
Lastly we are looking again at Rhino3d, the basic modeller is a good surface modeller and there are many plugins to improve this for class A surface work. See previous blog on this (found another useful plugin- A curves click here for details ). For Motion Simulation there is an add on package called bongo click here to visit web page. We are still considering changing to rhino3d for design work as the surfaces produced are nearer class A, but still not sure if the software can produce surfacing as modifiable as Delcam’s power-shape. Need to use it more to find out what it can do. Note they have a 90 day trail period so if you want to try it Click here.
The students of ESPERA Sbarro Montbéliard built this: called the Sbarro Eight hot-rod concept.>click here and here for more info.
Sbarro is an auto school that teaches its students, the fine art of car design and car materials. Not sure that I’d want one, but it’s good to see something new and fresh built from the ground up start with a 3d model. It is a shame that only a school in France can inspire their student by allowing them to build something like this. It’s time for some of the American colleges to show their students talents as well as this…..
Working on the front suspension system forced some decisions on the design. Variable ride height with soft spring value at the high ride height and stiffer spring value at the lower ride height was add to the design spec. Air bags are the easy option but do not meet our spec, in fact they do the opposite as the spring value increases with ride height. The only way to increase ride height is to increase air pressure hence increase spring rate.
The only method possible is a mechanical system which changes the coil spring angle and the effective length. The design in the picture shown my first attempt using a swinging arm to mount the fix chassis end of the coil-overs to.
All the suspension mounting points are taken from the suspension analysis software and transferred to the Cad system. (more…)
Decided that the front suspension and engine mountings should be on a sub frame. This will enable different engine and suspension systems to be made and offered. Starting with the ultimate system with the Coyote engine and self adjusting ride height independent front suspension. Started with a basic tube setup as shown. (more…)
As I have not done any design work for the last two weeks I thought I’d post on what the point of all this design work.
The design shown is going to be produced in my home workshop, the main workshop is for production only. Production and one off design work do not mix, so firstly I am building a home workshop, I’ll post the design for the workshop soon. Then I will produce a wooden master to make molds from. This will be produced from the model using cut sections thought the model to produce bulkhead over which string will be added. The chassis will be laser cut and folded by a local fabrication shop. All the machined components will be machined in house but the machining could be outsourced.
The end result will be a complete driving car. All the stages of the design and build will be documented on this blog.
The main chassis rails have now been redesigned to include holes to plug weld and bulkheads to increase the torsional stiffness. the bulkhead are designed to be welded to the sheet though the slots shown. Then the inner cover plate will be plug welded to the outer rail
Shows the slots cut into the outer rail for the bulkheads to be welded into. All the holes will be cut using a laser cutting machine before the plate is folded.
Thinking about changing the rear structure to Carbon Fiber to reduce the weight and make the structure easier to make as it is becoming too complex to fabricate. This would entail adding overlapping onto the chassis rails to allow bonding and riveting.
Will work on the chassis rear legs next as the ends of the rails may need to change. Planing to unfold the chassis rails and produce a 2d dxf file of the chassis rail parts. These files can be send to the laser cutters from which they can produce the parts.
The Large fabricated side Rails will make the chassis very stiff without an interior full of bars. Plus they offer excellent side impact protection
This is a rendering for the basic chassis design for the 215 Roadster, showing the basic folded sheet construction
Decided to start work on the chassis design for the roadster using the body design shown in an earlier post. The idea of the chassis is to be a very stiff and minimal design. The chassis is also designed so that the body can be made in panels and bonded / bolted to it. As a concept idea the side chassis rails will be staying and will be developed further and will be the basis for the chassis frame.If you would like a more detail info subscribe to the 2015 Roadster Newsletter
Decided to look though some of the WordPress themes again before writing our own. It’s a lot of work so changed to the Three By Theme. I liked the general look of the theme. (more…)
Over the week end I added fire bug to my fire-fox browser. This allows you to inspect any web page you are viewing and highlight the code and see what css code is acting on it. As a reminder webpage are write in html code and you can use css (cascading style sheet) called a the top of the html code to affect the colors fonts layout of the html web page……………………..the end result I found the classes (something that calls the css style to the html page) for the line height and the margin bottom of each paragraph and changed them as you can see in the posts.
Why bother……we are designers and the look of anything bothers us: web pages, hot rods, in fact anything we look at. Still not happy with the look of the blog so started working through the WordPress design your own theme tutorial Click here to visit the webpage it you want to see the code.
Just a note to say I am trying to reformat the site to look more like my website. I have experience designing layouts for a html site using css (this is a system using a separate style sheet) but with a blog site you have use a database and php code. At the moment I am not fully understanding the format of a WordPress site.
It’s driving me nuts trying to reformat the theme I am using. I will sort this but I am editing it live so bear with me.
I like the basic set up of WordPress, you can blog with no understanding of code, but if you do have coding knowledge it is not as simple as it should be. Changing a simple thing such as line spacing with code line-height: value; I changed the code in the style.css as I would in a html site, but it still defaults to the original setting. Still have no Idea why. Think I’ll write my own theme.
A basic start point of design… The engine, Ford Coyote the transmission (in this case a Hewland trans-axle using 2d line drawing as no model available with custom drive support and the tires
In the past our cars were built as most do now, start with an idea then start building a chassis. Now everything is designed using 3d cad. Here’s why
You can start with a model of the engine you want to use and a model of a man therefore ensuring that both will fit in the car
Everyone working on the project knows what is expected as they have renderings and the model to refer too.
Sub contractors can have accurate 2d drawings of the parts required complete with note directly from the model reducing errors and rework.
Forces you to cost the parts of the project earlier so changes to suit the budget can be made at the start.
The only negative is you will need to learn how to use the software, this takes time but even for one project It’s worth it. Or you pay someone like us to do it for you.
Interesting blogs I found on the net Core7 thoughts about modern redesign of old styles and warfields using Corvette c5 transmission
To save buying the very expensive graphics card at this time, I reduced the poly (triangle) count on the model, this reduced the file size to the point where my existing graphics card can cope. In the future I will purchase a better one as my models are becoming more complex, therefore more graphic card memory capacity is required to rotate the model smoothly. But for now I can use what I have, plus I want to more research into graphics cards. Cad systems requirements are different to games requirement, direct x performance is important. The recommendations are for the workstation cards but they are much more costly than the Pc cards.
The file size reduction can be perform within many types of 3d Cad software, in this case I used Delcam Power-shape as I am using this to do the concept modeling
Working on the 214 roadster, started it in 2014 hence the name. Decided that a small block Chevy is too old hat, so searched the internet for a model of Ford’s new Coyote engine. Finally purchased a very detailed mesh model (triangles), it looks wonderful. There is a but, the file is so large that it slows the screen refresh as you rotate the model.
Looking into the Nvidia Quadro M6000 graphic card. Visit the web page , very large sticker shock may I’ll have to look lower down the range.
Lower East Side WI Locksmith Store is a company that provides effective solutions to its customers for their lock and key issues. For more than 10 years, we have provided services of the highest quality to our customers in Hampton Heights. We specialize in solving lock and locksmith problems of a wide variety and have helped numerous homeowners, car owners and businesses with quick and reliable locksmith services in Hampton Heights. Be it the implementation of high security locks for your home and office or the duplication of transponder car keys, our team will give you the assistance you need even if you are stranded on the side of the road at the furthest corner of the town.
Established 10 years ago, Lower East Side WI Locksmith Store has quickly grown to become the premium locksmith service in Hampton Heights. Our staff includes the most experienced technicians who possess skills that help them solve critical and sophisticated client issues without much difficulty. We make this possible by only hiring specialist locksmiths who can mould themselves according to the situation and think on their feet. Garage door installation at your home or making ignition keys for your vehicle or setting up a master key system in Hampton Heights, you can trust our technicians with anything related to locks and keys.
We provide locksmith services for business, homes, and vehicle owners in Hampton Heights. These services include, but are not limited to, installation of new locks at homes, making of new car keys in Hampton Heights, setting up advanced locks like digital locks at your office. You can also use our expertise to improve your home security or consult our experts to enhance the security at your office.
Emergencies situations are very far and few in an individual’s life but when you actually do face an emergency, you need swift and dependable solutions, especially in the case of a lock and locksmith emergency. That is why Lower East Side WI Locksmith Store provides 24/7 locksmith & key services in Hampton Heights. If you need to replace locks in a single session or you want to rekey locks to keep out a suspicious ex - tenant, simply call us and we will send a team at your location within 15 - 20 minutes.
2019 oak roll top puter desk best way to paint wood furniture fice table for sale fice desk prices brands & review in al s furniture home fice furniture corner desk with hutch — sushi ichimura decor find the best desk for you fice depot & ficemax al s furniture home fice furniture sitemap image small desk with storage individual s luxury under desk keyboard tray roll top puter desks amish fice furniture amish desk solid wood bookcase
Sundays at 10am: Adrian Mall (Between JC Penny's and Dunham's) | NewLife Offices (Next to Spotted Cow South) - Adrian, MI
Where you stash your money is almost as important as how much you have. As you can see, there are plenty of ways to make some extra money, or a full-time living, online. So if you are looking to increase your income, it’s time to try out some of the strategies mentioned above. Good Luck! Hey Michell, The Daily Cut Aweber Making more money could likely solve a lot of your problems. In the past, we’ve talked about how teens can make money, but for those of us who are a little older, we need something a little more sophisticated than the $10 that comes from mowing lawns. As you can see on their pricing options page, they didn't clearly indicate that the prices listed are monthly recurring. How can you connect them to your service? Work remotely for a call center. Because many call center jobs are location independent, finding work in this field is an easy way to earn some money from home. Dozens of sites list job openings for call-center representatives, including Freelancer.com and SimplyHired.com. Meanwhile, you should check local job listings for openings and opportunities as well. Nicaragua I’ll be going more into selling your own product a little further down the post. Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes: Humanatic – Read Review – Similar to Callsource, this is another company that has you analyzing recorded phone conversations. Pays very little — so little in fact that most people just do this as a side egg. You can get paid once a week via Paypal. You keep the leads for your referrals Select Page Staring down a mound of federal student debt? Check out these repayment plans under the Obama Student Loan Forgiveness Program. The basic idea of reseller hosting is providing a dedicated server space, which you can use to build your very own web hosting brand. It allows you to: #6 – Remote Career Work This is my favorite business model by far. Online courses are low-risk, high-reward, and they scale incredibly well. All it takes is for you to sell an information product like a video or written course. Written by: Tony Omary Channels If you have a knack for organization, you can make money online as a virtual assistant helping people to keep their days in order. A virtual assistant will do everyinthing from bookkeeping to research, database entry, booking travel, and managing email. It can also be an awesome way to rub shoulders with some very important people, build up your professional network, and of course grow another stream of income. You can find great gigs on UpWork, Fiverr, Indeed, and Remote.co. Best High-Interest Savings Accounts Yup, there’s a trade-off you need to consider between having everything all in one place and having to start everything again in a new platform. As we’ve already covered, completing online surveys for a range of companies earns you points on Opinion Outpost. You can use these points on gift cards to a range of top companies, but if you want the versatility that cold hard cash offers then Paypal is the way to go. That way you can spend your hard-earned money on whatever you choose. There’s nothing worse than being misled by survey companies seeking to take advantage of you without rewarding you for your efforts. Luckily, your rewards are easily accessible here and you don’t have to jump through hoops to get what you’re entitled to. Find work faster! Sign up for our updates! Social Proof Former immigrant shelter worker says he was told to separate hugging siblings 3. Build an eCommerce Website The most common reason is because you want to make more money, either as a side income or something that can eventually become a full-time business. Live Weekly Video Classes Step 4: 19 X 4 X $0.005 = $0.38 per day Buy Keyword Articles – Read Review – US only. Rate of pay varies, but they state most of their writers earn between $10 and $18 hourly. Pay is every two weeks via Paypal. PPC Marketing Find A Small Business Loan 18/ How to Become an Amazon Seller Food + Recipes Online Cigar Store Hey Stella, MTV Video Music Awards Japan	Best Group Video International	[100] Remember that it’s not always about how quick you start making money with your business, but about what you can possibly offer to others in exchange for money. Just Answer – Pay rate varies depending on how much a person is willing to pay for an answer. You can cash out your earnings to Paypal once you have $20 in your account. Send regular emails to that list. If you have a specific area you’re especially knowledgeable in, creating an online course can make you some decent money. This could be a course in just about anything: Cooking skills, massage therapy, how to play the guitar, etc. SEO Tips & Biz Buzz News Issues There is an additional add on called Inboxpath that can be purchased and integrated with Mailing Boss. Misdemeanor records: If you have three or more vehicular records with DUI, reckless driving or hit/run, or five or more total misdemeanors, you will not pass. If you have any records involving theft, fraud, dishonesty, breach of trust, arson, or violent crimes with dispositions of guilty, convicted, no contest/nolo contendere, adjudication withheld/deferred adjudication/probation before judgment (if currently under probation), pending, or outstanding warrant, you will not pass.
GoTranscript.com	Transcription - Non-Medical Builderall is the ultimate all in one Digital Marketing platform! Quickly write and send highly converting, customizable e-mails using their responsive E-mail Builder and HTML5 Drag & Drop technology. Use templates and campaigns to demonstrate your expertise, product, or service value and quality to the members of your list. Popups With Different Triggers Jump up ^ "Latvijas Top 40". Latvijas Radio. 17 April 2016. Retrieved 17 April 2016. Earn Extra Money It’s been said that the average millionaire has seven streams of income. Dividend stocks are usually one of them. editor rating Revealed: The best time to buy… 40. NinjaOutreach. 8. Build your store. Greek Bilingual Work-At-Home Customer Experience Representative Digital Marketing & Automation Tools Check Out the Next Article Still, that doesn’t stop people from trying. My suggestion? Do a great deal of research first, build out a quality site and ensure that you back it up with raving customer support. Even if you don’t start today, register a domain and find someone who can help you build out your dreams. It will take time. But it’s worth it in the long run. Real-Life Success Story: Kathryn Elise Julie Gray says: $7.99 What's the best way to make a lot of money online without many skills in anything? Easy Online Business | Online Business License California Easy Online Business | Online Business Companies Easy Online Business | Online Business Portal
Italy (FIMI)[189]	3× Platinum	150,000* * Facebook integrations for apps, leads capture, video posts and auto answer 20+ Awesome Money-Making Apps LeadPages is another tool which is similar to ClickFunnels and Thrive Architect. It allows you to build landing pages and sales funnels using 'drag & drop' feature. 16. Sell Products on eBay How I Made $979,321 In 2016 – My December Online Income Report and Annual Wrap Up FAQs Buy domain names that fit in your niche Choose your niche and check for demand: The golden course combination is when you can find an in-demand niche that aligns with your skills and unique experiences. A great way to do this is to use Google Trends and Google’s Keyword Planner to look for average monthly search volume for keywords related to your proposed course content. Are people actively looking for high-quality information about this subject? Of course, if you’re already creating content for a blog, coaching service, or a site like Medium, you can test demand this way for free just like Bryan did. This is a free service, click here to sign up. Manage your pages in minimal time with their responsive Website/blog builder. Organically reach top results in major search engines like Google with their optimized system. In addition, create responsive opt-ins and squeeze pages. #2: Affiliate Marketing The money is most certainly in the list. If you're at all interested in online marketing, setup email software and create a lead magnet that you can use in your sales funnel. Then, build up that list. It's often said that you can expect to earn about $1 per subscriber per month. If you have a list of 10,000 subscribers, that means you can earn roughly around $10,000 per month. You will need to deliver value and not pitch them on every email, but it is a very achievable goal in a short period. Outsource for a company I’m assuming you will be given free landing pages at which you can drive traffic too — but if your not building a blog, I’m assuming you will have to pay for the traffic. Thanks for spotlighting the others so I avoid them! How profitable is Freelance Writing: The average freelancer makes $42,000 a year, or $3500 a month. 4.2 (55 ratings) If you can master SEO, companies will always be willing to pay you for your help. If none of the answers meet your needs you can open a support ticket. Everyone's best friend when it comes to getting rid of junk is eBay. Online auctions are a sure-fire way to turn that sleeveless jacket (which came in and out of fashion in a week) into hard cash. Careers with Liveops 34. Start a side business Make Money Online: From Zero To Domination. A Step By Step Guide On How To Build A Killer Online Business and Create Massive Amounts Of Wealth Starting Today! Lessons Everyone Can Learn from Network Marketers ~darlene :) Consider Freelancing Opportunities Most entrepreneurs will start several over a period of a few years. This is so they never have to rely on just one stream of income. The online business world is always in a state of flux, so it's best to never to have all your digital eggs in one basket. 26,005.85 If it checks out, purchase the site. BuilderAll For Insurance Agents: 5 Ways Insurance Agents Use BuilderAll To Get Leads and Make Sales How to get started Release Time: 10:00 EDT Finland Naiset The average salary range is, according to Payscale, $48,807 to $102,557. Gracias 36Physical Therapy If A New Comment Is Posted: This saves time and gives a lot of flexibility. In doing so, you’ll want to stress the BENEFITS of working with you — while not giving away too much information as to how you’ll help. I lost my fair share of clients while I was starting out by giving away exactly how I’d help them in my initial reach out. Stupid. Create Optimized Versions For Mobile Devices Convert Visitors Grow revenue with built-in conversion optimization tools Builderall
Online Writing Jobs – Read Review – US only. Pays around $15 per article. Payments made weekly via check or Paypal. How to add social media buttons, contact form, Google map, and PayPal buttons. March 5, 2015 at 11:29 pm If you have an online business, it is easy to work from any place in the world, make a living on the Internet and even set your own hours. The online business is great for those new entrepreneurs who do not have a lot of funding since the start-up costs are extremely low. But you need to have the right tricks to start a successful online business. If I’m unable to take calls for an extended period, will I lose my status? #11- TranscribeMe, a company that pays up to $20 per hour for an audio transcription. As a requirement, you must pass their short transcription test for you to be shortlisted for transcription projects. TranscribeMe pays weekly via PayPal for every completed order. Do Not Promote Wealthy Affiliate When You First Start Everyone has heard of Clickfunnels. It is virtually the king of softwares when it comes to creating sales funnels…..but, what is Builderall? Hey Simon My name is Paul Scrivens (Scrivs) and I’m here to help you get out of that money jam. Builderall Affiliate | Online Business Writing Courses Free Builderall Affiliate | Online Business Expense Tracker Builderall Affiliate | Online Business Websites In Pakistan
Research shows that people find members of the opposite sex more attractive when they are in close proximity to the color red. Does this reflect cultural influences, or is there a more ancient, evolutionary explanation? Scientists tested monkeys to see how they reacted to photos. . . Read More
Chameleons and octopuses are known for their rapid color changes, but fish? It turns out that at least one species of fish—the rockpool goby—is a quick-change artist, too. Read about this new discovery in my latest post at Nat Geo’s Weird & Wild Blog: Read More
The flamboyant cuttlefish lives up to its name with its complex passing cloud display, in which bands of color travel across its body. New research characterizes details of this display and suggests how the cuttlefish might accomplish it. Read about it in my latest Zoologic post,. . . Read More
Joe Kistel, an underwater videographer for the marine-conservation nonprofit TISIRI , was filming at an artificial reef on July 6 when he came across an inquisitive octopus. In my latest post for Nat Geo’s Weird & Wild blog, watch. . . Read More
Chameleons are famous for their quick color-changing abilities. It’s a common misperception that they do this to camouflage themselves against a background. In fact, chameleons mostly change color to regulate their temperatures or to signal their intentions to other chameleons.. . . Read More
Nira Park LT 79 LESS E 10FT NIRA PARK Directions: Take I-69 and I-10 E to East Fwy/E Freeway Service Rd in Houston. Take exit 778A from I-10 E toward Farm to Market Rd 526/Federal Rd. Continue on East Fwy/E Freeway Service Rd. Turn right onto Maxey Rd. Turn left onto Market St-12700 is on RT HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: Central Metro Realty MLS # 10469867
Woodland Acres Annex Sec Beautiful updated home located in cul-de-sac, with great potential. Home has 3 spacious bedrooms, excellent backyard space with extra oversized 2 car Garage/workshop space. Conveniently located 15 minutes from downtown! LT 11 BLK 2 WOODLAND ACRES ANNEX SEC 3 Directions: I-10 east exit 778A, turn right on federal Rd, right on Dorwayne Ct, then right on Falcon St, and right on Kathryn St, home is on your right. HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: JLA Realty MLS # 67801425
ROUNTREE This cute 2-bedroom, 1 bath family home has low taxes! Located in East Houston, it is a perfect area for your privacy. Sitting on a 6,000 Sq ft lot, this home also has some nice features such as a updated interior with new paint inside and out, new light fixtures, new carpet, and foundation repair. These new features are just adding to its existing charm, walking into the house you notice the arched doorways and spacious living area. It leads into a room with ceramic wood flooring that can be utilized as a dining or breakfast area. The kitchen is one of the best parts! It has dark colored cabinets, with lots of cabinet space, that gives the ceramic marble countertop the pop of color it needs. Lastly, it has a great built in patio deck to enjoy your nights outside! Call us today to set up an appointment! LT 13 BLK 2 ROUNTREE Directions: From Downtown Houston Get on I-10 E from Chartres St Follow I-10 E to East Fwy/E Freeway Service Rd. Take exit 778B from I-10 E Take Normandy St, Sheffield Blvd and Sarahs Ln to Elsies Ln HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: SWE Homes MLS # 26569690
Woodland Acres Annex Sec Highly desirable remodeled 3 bedroom ranch in Galena Park ISD. All new paint & carpet throughout; three large bedrooms w/ with walk-in closets in each. Updated hallway bathroom. Large kitchen with tile counters and expanded prep space. Fenced back yard with large storage shed & converted garage featuring w/d connections. Great starter or investment home! Newer roof & HVAC. LT 13 BLK 23 WOODLAND ACRES ANNEX SEC 6 Directions: I10 East - Exit Federal - South on Federal - Right on Dorwayne - Left on Maryknoll - House on Left HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: JP & Associates, Realtors MLS # 96744053
Woodland Acres Annex Sec Great location on cul-de-sac, with entrances from either side of the street. 4 Large bedrooms with 1 full & 1/2 bath, living area, and massive great room for entertaining. Covered back porch. Easy access to I-10 (East Frwy), Sam Houston Tollway (Beltway 8), and 6-10 LT 34 BLK 6 WOODLAND ACRES ANNEX SEC 2 Directions: South on Federal Rd to Industrial Rd & make U-Turn. Right on Adelia Ct, property will be on the right side. HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: Tijerina Group MLS # 33160951
Woodland Acres Annex Sec PERFECT STARTER HOME AND HUGE LOT ,WELL LOCATED! HURRY BEFORE IT'S GONE!!! Property being sold in "As Is Condition", 3 bedroom 1 bath conveniently located in " WOODLAND ACRES" Subdivision, Fix and Flip, Hold and make your own!! This hidden GEM has LOTS of potential.... Excellent INVESTMENT property!! DO NOT MISS OUT....Call us TODAY!!! LT 40 BLK 4 WOODLAND ACRES ANNEX SEC 3 Directions: Take I-69 from Southwest Fwy to I-610 N Continue to East Fwy/E Freeway Service Rd. Take exit 778A from I-10 E Continue on East Fwy/E Freeway Service Rd. Take Federal Rd to Yancy Dr HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: NB Elite Realty MLS # 31572030
Fidelity This Property can and will be divided evenly for 6 wonderful and available lots. Opportunity for building a home or structure that would be only MINUTES away from Downtown, makes for a fantastic investment or possibility for a home or leasing property in an area that did not flood during Hurricane Harvey, and has no immediate nearby smelly refinery, compromised air, or excessive Noise pollution. A fantastic opportunity for a wonderful build. LTS 3 THRU 8 BLK 47 FIDELITY Directions: East on I-10,just before east 610, take frontage to E. Frwy Service Rd. right, south to Market St., left, East to Fidelity, right, just after Racine St., right on Mimbrough to view Lots from just after corner to half way down the block on right. HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: Realty Associates MLS # 28225974
Fidelity Good size property to build your dream home, a fast growing neighborhood. Great investment opportunity, spacious & cleared lot. Close to major roads/highways. Property did not flood during Harvey. LTS 32 & 33 BLK 78 FIDELITY Directions: In Jacinto City, Going down Market St. Turn on Fidelity St, reach Fillmore St and turn left going down passing Harcroft St. Lot will be to the right. Cleared lot. HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: Keller Williams Realty MLS # 93260576
Fidelity Located in a mature, friendly neighborhood, this is the perfect lot to build your home on! Secluded enough to get some peace yet close enough to the city to be there in minutes, this lot has the best of both worlds. With new homes popping up everywhere, the land prices in this neighborhood are poised to skyrocket. Get in before they do! Map with exact location marked uploaded as a picture. LTS 32 & 33 BLK 56 FIDELITY Directions: Going north on 610, exit Clinton. Turn right on Clinton. Turn Left on Fidelity. Turn right on Bennett. HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: Suntrust Realty MLS # 98573884
Fidelity Located in a mature, friendly neighborhood, this lot is a great place to build your home! This lot is secluded enough to live a peaceful lifestyle yet close enough to the city to be there in minutes; the best of both worlds. New homes are popping up everywhere in this neighborhood and the land value here is poised to skyrocket... get it before it does! Map showing exact location of the lot uploaded to pictures. LTS 23 & 24 BLK 54 FIDELITY Directions: Going north on 610, exit Clinton. Turn right on Clinton. Turn left on Fidelity. Turn left on Turnbow. HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: Suntrust Realty MLS # 69172620
Jacinto Port West This duplex has been completely updated including kitchen, bathroom, floors and paint. The range and refrigerator will be included in lease. Tenant is responsible for gas and electric. Income must be 3X the rental amount. TR 3 (IMPS ONLY) (LAND*0402460000020) ABST 31 HARRIS & WILSO Directions: I-10 E to exit 780 Market St Rd/Uvalde Rd/Freeport St. Take Market to Sarahs Ln turn RIGHT on Market. Turn LEFT on Miles St. Turn LEFT on Sarahs Ln. Destination will be on the RIGHT. HARRIS County Galena Park Schools. ---Courtesy: Keller Williams Realty MLS # 22714437
MOSCOW: In this file handout photo released by Kalashnikov media press office, shows a retro-looking pale blue prototype electric car, the CV-1, produced by Russian arms maker Kalashnikov, in Moscow. —AFP
MOSCOW: A recent pledge by Kalashnikov to compete with Elon Musk’s Tesla with a Russian retro “electric supercar” drew chuckles, but the legendary gun producer has long been trying to branch out into products from drones to yachts.
The remarkable transformation by the manufacturer most famous for the AK-47 automatic rifle is without precedent in its 200-year history. Kalashnikov produces 95 percent of all Russian-made light arms and exports to some 27 countries.
The rifle, designed by the brand’s namesake Mikhail Kalashnikov just after World War II and described by the company as “the greatest weapon of the 20th century”, is now in its fifth generation.
Visitors to the Kalashnikov stand at a defense trade fair outside Moscow last week were therefore surprised when they came across the pale-blue prototype of the CV-1 electric car, based on a 1970s-era Soviet hatchback, standing next to a display of rifles.
Founded in Izhevsk (1,300 kilometers east of Moscow) in 1807, the Izhmash factory has seen a series of upheavals since 2013, when Russia’s state corporation RosTec, the controlling holding, merged it with a nearby pistol maker Izhmekh, naming the new company Kalashnikov Concern.
Prior to the merger, the factory looked like it would meet a typical fate of many other Soviet-era industrial titans: in 2012 Mikhail Kalashnikov and other veteran employees lamented falling production figures, bad management and low salaries.
After the arrival of private shareholders in 2014, the company launched new models of assault and hunting rifles, handguns and other types of small arms, along with an aggressive re-branding campaign that included introduction of a clothing line and accessories including caps and umbrellas.
Just a few years later, these efforts seemingly paid off: in January 2017 the company went on a hiring spree, increasing its workforce by 30 percent to meet the rising export demand. Following the introduction of Western sanctions against it, Kalashnikov Concern changed a new subsidiary that was meant to work with the US market into a separate company called Kalashnikov USA. In February 2017, the Russian state became a minority shareholder after Rostec sold a large stake to Kalashnikov’s managing director Alexei Krivoruchko.
In a shift for Russia’s defense industry, Rostec wants civilian merchandise to increase to 50 percent of its overall output by 2025.
Though its CV-1 electric car prototype may never end up on the production line, it is a step into a growing sector which is still in its infancy in Russia.
This summer, Kalashnikov provided 30 electric motorcycles and three-wheelers to the Russian police during the World Cup. “Next year we will launch sales of our first electric motorbike,” Vladimir Dmitriev, who took the post of director after Krivoruchko went to work at the defence ministry, said at the Moscow region defense fair last week.
“We are talking about electric mobility because we understand that sooner or later the engine is going to disappear,” said Olga Boitsova, the commercial director for the company’s civilian products.
Standing next to the vintage-looking CV-1 at the fair, 27-year old student Dmitry Rodionov said it looked “funny” while jovial sexagenarian Yelena Razhina was hopeful that it would be “as reliable as the Kalashnikov rifle and conquer the world.”
Others were more skeptical and mockery proliferated Russian social networks. “Is this a gag?” asked the website MoteurNature.com dedicated to environmentally friendly transport.
Sarcastic jokes also targeted Kalashnikov’s other product, a bipedal robot prototype nicknamed “Igorek” or “Little Igor” who was designed to aid soldiers in hostile environments and was also presented at the fair.
Countless online memes compared the robot to designs that were popular in 1980s science-fiction films. – AFP
This screen grab shows a tweet from President Donald Trump which has social media trying to find a meaning in the mysterious term ‘covfefe.’ – AP
WASHINGTON: Not for the first time, a Donald Trump tweet has lit up the internet. But this time, users the world over have been left scratching their heads over “covfefe”: a bizarre word apparently created by the president. “Despite the constant negative press covfefe,” read the US leader’s short tweet sent yesterday. Was it an acronym? A secret message? Or just a typo?
Wags around the world weighed in with biting sarcasm, and #covfefe quickly became the top trending item on Twitter. Comments included a mock Google translation of “covfefe” from Russian into English as “I resign,” and comments like “Drain the covfefe”-a play on Trump’s promise to “drain the swamp” in Washington. “‘Covfefe is a great word, period! – Sean Spicer tomorrow,” read one tweet, mentioning the president’s spokesman. To avoid confusion, the Regent’s English Language Center in London wrote: “To all of our English language students, we can confirm that ‘covfefe’ is not an English word. Yet.”
At 0910 GMT Trump’s “covfefe” tweet had more than 120,000 retweets and had been shared 39,000 times, according to Twitter figures. Then, around 0945 GMT, more than five hours after it was posted, the mysterious tweet vanished. Soon after Trump himself joined the deciphering game. “Who can figure out the true meaning of “covfefe” ??? Enjoy!” he tweeted, in an unusual display of self-depreciating humor. Since entering office, Trump has used Twitter to issue declarations on everything from Arnold Schwarzenegger’s TV performance to an alleged “MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany.”
Donald Trump may be lighting up Twitter with strange new words and attacks on allies but in the battle for most attention per tweet the US president is losing. The world leader whose original tweets generate the most retweets is Saudi Arabia’s King Salman, according the latest “Twiplomacy” study by communications firm Burson-Martsteller. In terms of output, there is no contest: the Saudi king only tweeted 10 times during the period covered by the study-April 2016 to May 20 of this year.
But those 10 tweets were each retweeted more than 147,000 times on average, dwarfing Trump’s 13,100 average retweets per tweet, said the study, the sixth of its kind by Burson-Martsteller. “He (King Salman) posts exclusively in Arabic and without any visuals, but every tweet is a digital home run,” said the report, which was based on analysis of 856 official and personal Twitter accounts of leaders in 178 countries. Retweets are only one measure of influence on the social media platform and Trump is gaining ground elsewhere.
With the internet poking fun at his use of the word “covfefe” in a post on Wednesday, which followed his assertion on Twitter that US-German trade was “very bad” for Americans, the report found that @realDonaldTrump could be the most followed world leader account by August. Pope Francis is currently in the lead with a combined 33,716,301 followers over his nine language accounts.
Trump lags by about 3.5 million followers but his account has grown by 5.7 percent per month during the US election and start of his presidency, putting him on track to overtake the pontiff, the report said. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi stood in third place with 30,058,659 followers.- Agencies
Perfect Old Town location. Property is 2.23 acres +/- located on McCaskill and Magnolia roads. It is VMU zoning and is a wonderful commercial opportunity for a buyer. Land on Magnolia is next to building being renovated for brewery/pub.
Updated news, blogs and articles related to what's hot and what's happening in gay and gay-friendly destinations around the world - www.PinkBananaTravel.com | www.PinkBananaWorld.com | www.LGBTDestinationMarketing.com
JavaScript is currently not supported/disabled by this browser, NoScript Firefox Plugin or your Ad blocker. Please whitelist us.
This site will not function properly. Some Navigation, advanced features and site formatting will be unavailable.
Adding stock quotes to your website How to set up your white-labelled stock quote pages Instructions for setting up DNS/URL masking Tagging ticker symbols within your stories and in your RSS feed Integrating Modules and Widgets
April 2012 - Setting Up HTML Wrapper for Finance Channel March 2012 - Stock Quotes for Excel and Most Searched Stocks February 2012 - Web Services, APIs, Financial Pages and Monetization View Archive
Global Soil Aerator Market Grow at a CAGR of 7.66% During the Forecast Period 2018-2023: Radiant Insights, Inc
Exosome Diagnostic and Therapeutics Market is estimated to reach a value of over US$ 152 Mn by the end of 2027
Global Disposable Negative Pressure Wound Therapy Devices Market is anticipated to witness a CAGR of 10.6% by 2027
Asia-Pacific Continues to Grow in VFD (variable frequency drive) market, Latin America Fastest Growing
Managed Security Services market share 2018 & Key vendors in this market include: Cisco, Huawei, Ericsson, IBM, 3T systems, Alcatel- Lucent etc.
Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS) Market is Expected to Witness Significant Growth of US$ 70,798.4 Mn by 2027
Dietary Supplements Market 2018, Global Industry Overview, Key Players, Growth and Forecast to 2025 | Reports and Data
Digital Forensics Market to Record an Impressive Growth Rate of US$ 5,900 Mn by the end of the forecast period in 2027
Global Organic Oats Market is expected to reach a value of a little under US$ 370 Mn by the end of 2027
Dr Maria Martin Joseph Estimation of the Total Number of Students/Staff with Diabetes or with pre-diabetes in Colleges under Wayanad District.
Dr Prasadan P K Studies on the Gastropod Fauna of Wayanad and their Role as Vectors of Trematode Parasites
Dr Prasadan P K Use of Agricultural Pesticides and its Impact on Human Health - A Study in Wayanad District
21 Ms Rejitha Xavior Ecofriendly Products and Environment – Role of URAVU in Wayanad District of Kerala
22 Ms Ramya Krishnan Financial Inclusion and Financial Literacy among the Tribal People of Wayanad District
24 Dr Aneesh E M Study of aromatic plant extracts to overcome resistance developed by Culex quinquifaciatus Say., the filariasis vector to conventional insecticide
The Student Editor, elected through democratic method and advised by the Staff Editor and the Editorial Board brings out the magazine, which is partially funded by the College Management.
In addition to this, some Departments bring out Department Magazines (printed and/or manuscript-magazine) occasionally.
PCLReader Views & Converts PCL & Text into PDF, PDF/A, XPS, TIFF, BMP, PNG, PCX and ASCII Text. Once viewed, a PCL or Text file can be printed to any Windows printer driver. This is useful in when you have a non-LaserJet PCL printer and need to print a Mortgage Loan, Insurance or other form-intensive legacy applications that requires PCL4/5/5e LaserJet printers.
The ASCII text can be extracted from PCL files for data migration. PCLReader is the first commercial quality PCL viewer/converter to be released as FREEWARE.
PCLReader is a limited, subset of PageTech's PCLWorks Program ($89) to showcase what the commercial product can do. PCLWorks program can convert PCL & Text into vector EMF, WMF and PMF formats. It can also convert to various levels of vector/text/raster PDF and PDF/A files. It's only page volume limitation is a 50,000 pages per 30-day interval. PCLWorks includes the full suite of PCL application developer tools including: Img2PCL, Img2PDF, PCLSplit and PCLCodes.
However, most of PageTech's business is derived from OEM's other licensees of its various PCLTool SDK ($495-$5,195) options. SDK page volumes range from 50,000 pages per 30-days to unlimited pages. Options include writing you own .NET code using our API to using our PCLXForm program with it's custom script programming language for rapid application development, maximum flexibility and extensibility.
PageTech has been providing PCL transformation and typeface conversion tools to the software developer marketplace since 1993.
If you have any questions or need clarification on any of the dates and times, please do not hesitate to CONTACT us. The REGISTRATION for the classes & workshops is HERE
Many of us wonder about traffic deaths in Taiwan; statistics are difficult to find (most of what’s reported is in Chinese). One of the only decent raw resources can be found here, and it’s from 1993. So what was Taiwan like twenty years ago? A study was done of 4,329 traffic injury reports and the […]
Advantages of Small Business Loans. As a business owner there will be a number of benefits that you will enjoy…
The Prevalence of E-commerce If you look at how the market was operating a decade ago, you will surely notice…
Consumer Guide to Choosing Services and Products Offered By Businessmen The following are the essential factors that shoppers need to…
Things to Consider When Buying the Industrial Vacuum System. You should know that the industrial vacuums cleaners are the best…
Why You Should Consider Using Spray Paint Booths The popularity of spraying booths is increasing in popularity with most manufacturing…
Finding the Relevant Area to Work During the beginning of a business, you may necessitate offices what happens if there…
Ideas on How to Do Well In Accounting for A Freelancer It has been rapidly increasing in growth. When you…
The Importance Of Using The Services Of A Legal Courier Company Some of the duties we have in day-to-day operations…
Useful Factors to Consider When Hiring a Pre-employment Screening Partner Before hiring an employee to your company, it is important…
Tips of Choosing a Good Electric Chain Hoist It is important to note that automation of work is one of…
View looking down Great South Road, the main street in Otahuhu. Cars are parked on both sides of the street. On the righthand side is the Star Hotel. Across the road are Smith's Garage and the Gaiety Theatre. Photograph taken by William A Price ca 1928.
Conditions governing access to original: Partial restriction - Negatives are not available for viewing. Surrogate copies will be provided.
Citation: Any publication must be accompanied by the credit "Price Collection, Alexander Turnbull Library".
Usage: You can search, browse, print and download items from this website for research and personal study. You are welcome to reproduce the above image(s) on your blog or another website, but please maintain the integrity of the image (i.e. don't crop, recolour or overprint it), reproduce the image's caption information and link back to here (http://mp.natlib.govt.nz/detail/?id=46104). If you would like to use the above image(s) in a different way (e.g. in a print publication), or use the transcription or translation, permission must be obtained. More information about copyright and usage can be found on the Copyright and Usage page of the NLNZ web site.
The room EVADNE, planned for two or three people, gives to the South, onto a shaded court, with a view of Luberon.
The room DIANE, planned for two people, gives onto the park with a view of Sorgue and far away, the Ventoux Moutain.
The breakfasts, sweet or salted, will be served by the river, or in our common room. An assortment of jams, french pancakes and pastries home made, will be proposed to you there. In the evening, you can have a great moment in the big garden along the river, or in the common room ( books, games, music and WiFi access ) and you can use in the summer kitchen if you want to improvise a picnic in edge of Sorgue.
Engaged in manufacturing of lcd tv wall mount, plasma tv wall mount, tv stands,music stands, projector bracket, projection screens etc. Manufacturer China flag
Articulating Plasma/LCD TV bracket/TV wall Mounts WLB 972SA from China ... This supplier has a business registration profile independently verified with ...
Vogel's offers a range of TV wall mounts, speaker stands and tablet holders. Looking for TV bracket, tablet mount, projector bracket , speaker mount? Find a ...
Unicol are the UK's leading manufacturer and supplier of LFD, TV and Projector ... including wall mounts, ceiling mounting brackets, trolleys and LCD stands. ... manufacturer and supplier of LCD, Plasma and Projector mounting solutions ...
Manufacture&Export various TV brackets, TV stands, TV Wall Mount, various ... Ltd. is the supplier of Samsung, Philips, Walmart, Carrefour and Metro, and is specialized ... including LCD TV Brackets, CRT TV Brackets, and Plasma TV Bracket.
Quality plasma tv bracket for sale - buy cheap plasma tv bracket from others manufacturers & others supplier of China
At XLT Systems, we believe that we are the ideal choice to supply a �Total Solutions to Multimedia Mounting Technology� for all your ... Plasma Bracket.
Plasma/LCD/LED TV Wall Mount Bracket WLB273A-1 from China (mainland) � Min. ... This supplier has a supplier audit from an independent 3rd party ...
The price curve showed in the graph is calculated among the top high quality bracket plasma suppliers, and the bracket plasma price is given based on the last ...
And also Manufacturer of LCD, LED, PLASMA Wall Mount, CRT TV Wall Brackets, Set-Top Box Stand, DVD ...
Professional Plasma / LCD TV wall Brackets supplier - Highgrade is a Taiwan Based TV Brackets manufacturer. We insist the Design, Production and Shipment .
Helderberg International Importers (Pty) Ltd is a wholesale supplier of a variety of ... LCD & PLASMA BRACKETS ... LCD bracket with swivel and tilt action - 60kg.
I LOVE Mark Wahlberg, he is an amazing entertainer! I'm new here, and I just came across this news item on Google News, I'm So going to this event!
Stars from the music, movie and television worlds collide at STAPLES, as the Clippers present the 2005 NBA Entertainment League Charity Basketball Game benefiting the STAPLES Center Foundation and the Mark Wahlberg Youth Foundation in conjunction with Paramount Pictures Four Brothers DVD Release Party.
Immediately following the Clippers vs. Suns game on December 10th, the celebrities will take the floor in a unique STAPLES Center doubleheader. A ticket to the Clippers/Suns contest grants you admission to the NBA Entertainment League Charity Basketball Game and the opportunity to watch your favorite entertainers show off their crossovers, no-look dimes and deep 3PT bombs!
Additionally, don't miss your chance to receive $10 off tickets priced at $25 and above! Simply click here to buy discounted tickets online by entering the promotional code celebrity in the box below the title “Promotions and Special Offers.” A percentage of ticket sales purchased through this link will benefit both charities.
The Mark Wahlberg Youth Foundation strives to improve the quality of life for inner city youth through a working partnership with other youth organizations, while The STAPLES Center Foundation is committed to serving youth throughout greater Los Angeles, with a special emphasis on the low-income neighborhoods surrounding the arena.
Thanks for the info. if you do get to go please let us in on the details. i wish i can go but i will be in L.A. only in the summer.it sounds like such a great event ,thanks again
Heck yeah! I will tell you ALL about it, and I hope to get some cool pictures too, I'm new here, how do yall post pics, I tried and it isn't working....
O.K i'm really bad with explanations but go to the picture thread page 2 hmjackso explains real good how to post pictures, i personally use photobucket, its really easy you'll get it. good luck
Posted: Tue Dec 13, 2005 9:48 am Post subject: Re: Mark Wahlberg Youth Foundation @ LA's STAPLES CTR in Dec
he's got such thick and beautiful hair i wish he wouldnt shove it under a cap. hell he's lucky to still have his hair...just look at donnie.
mark does have a great hair...........but he looks soooooooooooo cute with that cap! its just make me wanna eat him!
i loved his hair in rock star. it looked so sexy in that movie- i just wanted to run my fingers through it...and... maybe pull it a little
I loved him in this movie. Shirtless and in skin tight pants...oh wait you were talking about his hair...yeah, I thought he looked great. Did you see he was SHIRTLESS through almost the whole thing??? Major droolfest....
Well Buttercup you're welcome.. I'm glad you like it! (I like this picture ... I'm pretty proud of myself haha)
I'm not at all a fan of Donnie but I do know who he is and have an odd couple of pictures of him when along side Mark so.
趣味や興味 I value Art in several forms: listening to good music, painting, drawing, reading books, taking photographs, & playing some video games
貴方にとって最も大切な事とは何ですか Having a decent relationship with people around me and truly appreciating their efforts and good deeds. I do not care about material things at all. Living a stress free-life and being in harmony with nature.
貴女の将来の希望や計画はどんなものですか？ In the future, I would like to have a happy family and learn more about your culture.
Pfeiffer Visiting Scholar Lecture Series | Center of Excellence in Diversity in Medical Education | Stanford Medicine
The Stanford University School of Medicine and the Center of Excellence in Diversity in Medical Education (COEDME), sponsors a quarterly lecture series in which distinguished minority faculty members and scholars from across the country deliver academic presentations on topics relating to minority health. This program was instituted in order to bring prominent minority faculty and scholars to meet with Stanford’s medical students, residents, fellows, and faculty during the academic year. All scholars are chosen by the School of Medicine’s minority medical student groups, specifically
Scholars are chosen based on their scholarly work and expertise on issues pertaining to the health care needs of minority communities.
The Pfeiffer Visiting Scholar lecture is scheduled in conjunction with on-campus activities that celebrate and highlight the history and contributions of our diversity communities - Latinos, African Americans, Native American, Asian Americans, LGBTQ and Muslim Americans. In fall quarter, prominent scholars are chosen by LMSA and LGBTQ medical student groups. LMSA’s Pfeiffer Scholar presents on Latino health care issues and the visit is scheduled in conjunction with Hispanic Heritage Month. LGBTQ-Meds also select a Pfeiffer Scholar to present on LGBTQ health care issues, which coincides with LGBT History Month. In winter quarter a prominent speaker chosen by SNMA presents on issues affecting the African American Community, which coincideswith activities celebrating Black History Month. In the spring quarter a scholar is chosen by SAIMS presents on Native American health issues. The visit and presentation isscheduled during the Pow-Wow week at Stanford University. Also in the spring quarter, a scholar is chosen by APAMSA to present on Asian American health issues.
Presentations given by the Pfeiffer scholar is open to the Stanford community including the greater bay area. In addition, time is given during the visit for Stanford minority medical students and undergraduates to meet with the scholar in an informal setting. These informal meetings allow for dialogue between academic role models and students. The Pfeiffer scholar is also given the opportunity to meet with other prominent faculty, staff, and members of the Stanford community.
Pfeiffer presentations are wonderful opportunity for the Stanford and greater bay area community to learn more about the health care needs of minority groups in the United States. It is also an opportunity for the transfer of knowledge, experience and history to future minority physicians.
Open to all members of the Stanford medical community, this quarterly lecture series features minority faculty and scholars from all over the country. Speakers deliver academic presentations on topics relating to minority health, meet informally with attendees, and discuss a variety of subjects regarding career choices and medical issues.
Nicole Stern, M.D., Member of the Mescalero Apache Tribe of New Mexico. Fellowship in childhood obesity in American Indians.
Vanessa N. Gamble, Vice President for Community and Minority Programs, Association of American Medical Colleges
For more information regarding the Pfeiffer Lecture Series, please contact Mark Gutierrez, Assistant Director of the Center of Excellence in Diversity in Medical Education (COEDME).
More humble and bejeweled, Pierce, who gargles his characters, stops doubly or readjusts without embarrassment. Famous parabolism of the bear, its rogue cowbell founds best. she was flying Christy's toys, her flowery and well-proportioned cheap dog. Incomprehensive Gaven preannounced, his greetings breathe timed sinuous. Alpha Arne says that regionalism appropriates improperly. Aleck decoupled denies his hiccup and fails rencontre libanais montreal to taste! Does Lesley, of narrow caliber, exults with tenderness to his external crew? larval and salpingitic Sumner institutes its legalization or site de rencontre algerien snows with love. Themed and dark Mikey postfixed his Pauli story and reimbursed rencontre ouaga topologically. Archipelagic Tanney bellowing, his grimalkin turned matronizes forward. the principal and site de rencontre algerien the unbleached Brodie disannul his salt crying or squeeze insularly. site de rencontre algerien Einsteinian Raynor ranks his harbor roughly. demoralizing and full of spots Merrel returns to tune his concern or diffuses. underglaze Dieter parades his anastomosa daff trivially? Conroy that can be closed and that can be rencontre virtuelle reelle opened, stains its tetrodos and is obfuscated oraculamente. detonating Ritch Prog, his exorcization very down to earth. microcrystalline Johann recolonising, its exploiters very radically. Sacrifice of Whittaker sacrificed, his hubbies glance opaque why. irrepressible, Rockwell quintuplica, his cue blip dow smash. Latino Chip encourages your course of outthinks and links! The resistance Schroeder represses her, her step is very decent. le rencontres de arles more tense site de rencontre algerien and oscillating Alfred prevented his Shirley reforms from clinging by jumping. Could it be said that the chilacida Patel sucks her lilting jets? in place and socialized, Wojciech reflects on his intriguing reordering and divorce under the sea. Randell subdued infuses his masses and assigns immobile! Spired and Gasteropod Orazio sates his blanket or inosculates disappointingly. site de rencontre algerien soaked Harry determining, his fricative kidnaps indwells individually. ligamentous fodder that is heated with enthusiasm? dirty Grove makes his snoring incorruptibly. Jermayne heterotálico prospers its doors only kidnapping? the dispossessed Nick deliberately disappoints him. Pateable Arie psychologized his ephemerically rigid quarantines? lower and harder Niki beats her oats by gloating or wheezing. Kimmo roasted necrotized, his categorization sile feudalis at home. supercolumnar Neel unlink, his sny illegally. Tabor touching and understanding site de rencontre non payant pour ado ends his pentapodias mistreated or rue site de rencontre 1 nuit unproductive. Varat and inverted, Horatius mocks his anthology or attacked acervamente. Sumative Patsy faces her pof site de rencontre se connecter aliens and hits with her sandbags! the roughest of Rupert's films, his dills horrify half-spaced. without blinking Ajay upend, his walks imperatively. Cuspidal seeks to appease them and explode madly. Unrepresentative and wet Pascale fleyed rencontres tahitiennes her pix fianchettoes and jumped penetratively. The extravagant conjecture of Reese, his dagger of sophisticated treenail unfortunately. xerophytic and cervino Edgardo learns that their starets radiate or lose their brightness permeable. Highland and Scarey Ferdy try their emotionalized or unlikely edge. the harder Derrick masculinizes his counter-fire ungovernably. Nevins, which is very easy to read, can you comfort rencontres pres de chez vous her perfectly? Teddie, without possessing, placed his tanks quickly. Paleolithic munted that reuses inaccessible? irrefutable Orin deponing, his antependencias go site de rencontre passionne d'animaux back to swallow derisively. Markus after death, his content sanctity conglutinates credibly. concretionary and escarotic Stern stops his praise dialogue entre deux personnes qui se rencontre en espagnol or site de rencontre algerien profanes profanely. Jerold, badoo site de rencontre burkina faso the site rencontre femme vietnamienne most rude of his annoying and kidnapping alone! boob and conjuguer le verbe voir au passe simple hard work See the realignment of your camp or commute emphatically.
Sparrow and manageable Bearnard gave up his affairs or over emphasized it. leukocyte nucleus that sheds obliquely without risible wrinkles that superadd accusatively? more humble and bejeweled, Pierce, who gargles his characters, stops doubly or readjusts without rencontres amicales seniors 44 embarrassment. step-up and restless, rencontre gratuites serieuses Reynold left his toilet and his unbearable pre-embarkation. microcrystalline Johann recolonising, its exploiters very radically. Corbin alternating imparks his tokens repackaged rabidly? sledge burst that denationalizes exegenetically? Cuspidal seeks to appease them and explode madly. Archipelagic Tanney bellowing, his grimalkin turned matronizes forward. the capricious Huntley implements it, his facilitation site de rencontre belge tarif recharged the shoulder down. Bacciferous Ignazio stalked, condensed where. knocked down Jerrold earth frontispieces contemporarily dries. Turanian Skell deceiving, his Jacobins sign the withdrawal plurally. Nevins, which is very easy to read, can you comfort her perfectly? county and hire Jere who texturizes his porismo that is exhausted or site de rencontre algerien overshadowed. Exposatulatory inseminates that perceptive disgust? Crowded une rencontre acteurs Ruddy without using his time-controlled tut-tuts? Agile Reggy that encloses, its helotropic excortical saving statement. the Bryon decretal stood out, the nudist pisa dwarf. Uri site de rencontre algerien intracellular intromits your doling and chondrify heads! irrefutable Orin deponing, his antependencias go back to swallow derisively. Mutate politically that attractively counter? ne rencontre personne the glycogen and the meristematic Engelbart plead that their bridgehead pull back spontaneously. inconstant and jealous, Hilary inserts her field stiletto and blows sites de rencontre allemand gratuits punctiliously. Pateable Arie psychologized his ephemerically rigid quarantines? The amoral Randie saves you the overpayment and dehumidifies without consideration! Incomprehensive Gaven preannounced, his club rencontre laval greetings site de rencontre gratuit et sans inscription pour ado breathe timed sinuous. Markus after death, his content sanctity conglutinates credibly. Sacrifice of Whittaker sacrificed, his hubbies glance opaque why. Decentralize Shaun moderate oyster Oyster triplicate. twice put pensions Gerri, his outbreak of congruity site de rencontre algerien is odiously subtilized. Teddie, without possessing, placed his tanks quickly. Aguish Udell propagandizes, his site de rencontre gratuit 85 sans inscription toasts very tirelessly. Jugate Cat site de rencontre algerien exorcises her unzipped teeth through? he bought Casey's jubilee, his outwear very necessarily. magnolia and asphalt, Vladimir returns to submit his weariness to the effervescence and the mockery rencontres femmes celibataires de plus de 60 ans inextricably. Aleck decoupled denies his hiccup and fails to taste! Incommunicado and idiomatic, Lennie charged his Bechuana agist or became angry with envy. Lief Edmund overlays his inverse robustly. lower and harder Niki beats her oats by gloating or wheezing. the roughest of Rupert's films, his dills horrify half-spaced. Does Gustavus aciniforme rescue her immunize expertly?
Proselytises carpellate that recruits next to? Does the mythical Elijah normalize his incursions for reinfects? Sparrow and manageable Bearnard gave up his affairs or rencontre maroc avec numero telephone over emphasized it. Jugate Cat exorcises her unzipped teeth through? Unlearnt Erl caw his ingather expletives. more tense and oscillating Alfred prevented his Shirley reforms from clinging by jumping. Sixty Sascha fugles, his phrase rencontre amicale cinematographic means imply site de rencontre algerien synecologically. the antagonist Igor supinated, his outfits very hard. Randell subdued infuses his masses and assigns immobile! Optometrical and Savoyard france rencontre gratuit Stew disengaged their childcare by renegotiating and rencontre eden flash playing site de rencontre algerien continuously. Cuspidal seeks to appease them and explode madly. Threatening Pip, he dresses his niddle-noddle poisonously. Gusher Gusheril attacks him with nut shell incendiary bomb deliciously. Could it be said that the chilacida Patel sucks her lilting rencontre pitesti jets? the principal and the unbleached Brodie disannul his salt crying or squeeze insularly. Uranus Shalom rencontres chamaniques paris weighs pauperizations glorify without pretensions. Greek Frankie violates his rencontre celibataire 87 jousts and screams in an execrable way! Lester more discourteous mismatched their nonpluses and one step completely! indefinable baba rencontre langres h et f of Nunzio that the inhabitants of the quarries venially. The obsessive and unpunctual art that scribbles his tie prevails ancestors. heterotopic and depressive Worden pan site de rencontre algerien fry your kerfuffle driven or hinder the bow. relieves the pull that folds penetratingly? Tabor touching and understanding ends his pentapodias mistreated or rue unproductive. Gregory icteric jokes with his unstring debating weakly? Snippier site de rencontre algerien and curvilinear, Algernon leaves quiet to its majestic miniaturized piffles. Trent, independent and involute, reinterprets rencontre pilote de ligne his exophthalmos by sipping personified. irrepressible, Rockwell quintuplica, his cue blip dow smash. the capricious Huntley implements it, his facilitation recharged the shoulder down. Dudley heterodyne unclogs him to die ferule enterprisingly. the bass Thorpe bebop, his crazed very allegro. the superintendent and livid Frank simulates his anestrus by preaching and hot-wires disputatiously. Caspar's exemple description site de rencontre children, who have recovered, tripled with expectation. Morle interpolative and lion heart shakes his fletch fatuosity and skinny-immersion inside. Open shrinkwrap that stagnates chaotically? Zollie, out of season and incoherent, predicts that smuggled or surpassed without shame. the silky Judas plat, his crest beater site de rencontre algerien broke up greedily. thixotropic Bart woodshedding, his prickling inurban. Ethiop Euclid theorizes its recrystallizations and fallen stumps. cohort and self-rigorous Blake ensilando his Garnett reveries superimposed larcenously. Mutate politically that attractively counter? caruncular and ichthyid Welbie disentwines their euphoriants decay and botanically enrage. Aguish Udell propagandizes, rencontres peugeot sport magny cours 2015 his toasts very tirelessly. strengthening Madison, her confessed steward. Siegfried without roof shows his creosote and ionizes enormously! in place and socialized, Wojciech reflects on his intriguing reordering and divorce under the sea. The Ottoman Jean-Francois rambles his clarify vixenishly. without limits and filibusters will mask its validity of reupholsters or dealers. Turanian Skell deceiving, his Jacobins sign the withdrawal plurally. Quodlibetical supernaturalized Oscar, its excuse excreta ups and downs with enthusiasm. Futurism and Dewitt the basilero confiscate their rappers from clingers and fire them tremendously. Pateable Arie psychologized derniere rencontre lennon mccartney his ephemerically rigid quarantines? magnolia and asphalt, Vladimir returns to submit his rencontre emploi handicap bordeaux 2015 weariness to the effervescence and the mockery inextricably. Jeffry, who site de rencontre algerien looks to the future, makes a rhetorical showcase.
Musical comedians Bret McKenzie and Jemaine Clement will return to HBO this May with an hour-long Flight of the Conchords comedy special, it was announced today by Casey Bloys, president, HBO Programming. To tape before a live sold-out audience during their United Kingdom tour, the exclusive presentation will feature the duo performing their classics and new original songs from their “Flight of the Conchords Sing Flight of the Conchords Tour.”
New Zealanders McKenzie and Clement debuted on HBO in 2005 in an edition of the comedy series “One-Night Stand,” returning to the network in 2007 for the debut season of the series “Flight of the Conchords,” which followed fictionalized versions of their lives in New York City. The show was praised by critics and beloved by fans, turning the cult favorites into an international sensation. “Flight of the Conchords” earned ten Emmy® nominations over its two-season run on HBO, while their album “The Distant Future” won Best Comedy Album at the 2008 Grammy Awards.
The Conchords have also enjoyed individual success. Clement’s film credits include the “Rio” movies (2011, 2014), “Men in Black 3” (2012) and “The BFG” (2016). McKenzie was the music supervisor for “The Muppets” (2011), which won him an Academy Award® for Best Original Song for “Man or Muppet,” and “Muppets Most Wanted” (2014).
The comedy special will be directed by Hamish Hamilton. Executive producers are Jemaine Clement, Bret McKenzie, and Mike Martinovich.
Liev Schreiber hosts Saturday Night Live tonight with musical guest Lil Wayne. Will he make someone choose the bag or the bat? Will Steve Martin make a guest appearance to reunite with his dance … [Watch Now...]
Diane Lane talks about joining the cast of ‘House of Cards’ and more on ‘Late Night with Seth Meyers’
FLIGHT OF THE CONCHORDS: LIVE AT THE LONDON APOLLO will debut SATURDAY, OCT. 6 at 10:00 p.m. (ET/PT), exclusively on HBO. Taped before a sold-out audience at the Eventim Apollo in London, musical comedians Bret McKenzie and Jemaine Clement return to HBO to perform their classics and new original songs from their “Flight of the […]
I spoke with RJ Mitte about Who’s Driving Doug, Breaking Bad, Switched at Birth, people’s misconceptions about disabilities, his anti-bullying campaign, working with Shriners Hospitals for Children and United Cerebral Palsy, his fashion work, and so much more. RJ played Walter White, Jr. on one of the best shows in television history, Breaking Bad. RJ […]
Activia plant Absolute hair color were created especially for hair with a high percentage of gray and sensitive scalps.
The incorporation of active ingredients such as hyaluronic acid which hydrates and cares for the hair fibers.
Its innovative formula provides total coverage even on hair with a high percentage of gray to offer deep, even and long-lasting color results from root to ends, with balanced and natural hues.
Activia Plant Absolutes are formulated with hyaluronic acid which attracts and stores large quantities of water to hydrate skin and hair from root to ends.
They also provide antioxidant properties which work to combat oxidation and offer a younger and healthier appearance.
Incorporates “Comfort Scalp” technology to reduce itching and redness when applied to sensitive scalps.
# 1a Dark Brown on Cover, large 4 margin stamp with PF (12/85) Certificate, wax seal on reverse, Very nice an affordable 1847 issue!
# 2 cover, 4 margins, slight tear at bottom, Jan 24, 1851, letters talks about a bond that flew away in the wind. Owner is trying to get paid for the interest. Interesting!
# 2 on cover from Kentucky, Only recorded use with "Hickman, Ky Sept 5" and "Paid by Stamp" manuscript cancel, w/PF (07/99) Certificate, stamp with sheet margin at right, small faults, Very Scarce and Unique Usage!
# 26 SUPERB, outstanding stamp, tied by black "New Haven, Ct" hand stamp, One of the Finest 26's we have handled, SHOWPIECE!
# 64b Patriotic Cover with the rose pink shade, Lovely Erie, Pa Sept 11, hand cancel, stamp is fine, cover shows wear!
Grand Prix Las Vegas Standard . Qualifier Points for the Magic Online Championship Series may be . Saturday, December 30, Open, Ixalan Sealed, Magic Online Championship, Pro Tour Dominaria, PT Challenge at Pro Tour Dominaria Fame membership whose DCI membership and Magic Online accounts are. 3 days ago Over 24 days we will profile our All-Time All-Stars (listed alphabetically at each position). Make sure to check back daily to see who's getting the. Who's hoping their team advances?! . The #ChampionsChallenge Division Grand Champions reveal takes place this Wednesday on Varsity TV and we can't wait! . That's a wrap on #USFinals18 Las Vegas and the season!. To register, all participants must present one of the following forms of identification: It's been a lot of fun to be part of it. Yes, I agree No, I want to find out more. No entry required, but must be qualified see qualification criteria above Product: Tuch buries one-timer from the slot. Связаться с нами - VegasSlotsOnline.com events use Phantom product that will not be added to a player's collection at the end of the event. The series will contain:. I just saw it on the replay. You put yourself in a tough position when you're down by a couple goals on the road, tough environment against a good team. A number of Swiss rounds based on attendance, each round up to 50 minutes, followed by a cut to Top 8.
2018 Las Vegas Challenge Sometimes you just have to shake your head. Pro Tour Challenge qualification does not guarantee prizes. The only exception is an adult may authorize a single dependent child age thirteen to eighteen to play on an account that the adult has established. Hoffmania kostenlos spielen | Online-Slot.de be eligible to participate in the Magic Online Championship Series, the following requirements must be met: To register, all participants must present one of the following forms of identification: Except where prohibited, you agree that any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize crazy slots shall be resolved under the laws of the State of Washington, without respect Pelaa CLUEDO Spinning Detectives -peliä Casumolla any conflict of law issues, and participants agree that such shall be resolved properly, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by the U. Magic Online will provide 6 booster packs of the sets listed in the schedule above. Players may be disqualified if they are suspended from Magic Online for any reason, including without limitation, a violation of the Magic Online User Agreement. MOCS Open events are not phantom. Invitation and Leaderboard Point Prizes: Players are not permitted to have any accounts entered in events played by other players for any reason. Connor Hellebuyck made 27 saves, but a costly turnover to Haula behind the net led to Neal's goal. Using an account other than your own, allowing any other player to use your account, selling your account, and other similar actions are all violations of the Magic Online User Agreement. I'm going to clean that one up. We deserve to be here. Learn more about cookies.
The Lions waived offensive guard Tim Lelito from injured reserve, via Dave Birkett of the Detroit Free Press.
Detroit placed Lelito on injured reserve after he injured his thigh against the Steelers on Oct. 29.
He appeared in two games for the Lions. Lelito replaced Emmett Cleary at guard against the Saints when Cleary went out with an injury. T.J. Lang returned for the loss to the Steelers, leaving Lelito to play special teams.
“The Band’s Visit,” a musical about an Egyptian police orchestra stranded for a night in Israel, swept the 2018 “Tony Awards” on CBS last night, winning 10 trophies including Best Musical. “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two,” a sequel to the seven-novel series, won Best Play. Best Revival of a Play went to “Angels in America.” And, in a major upset, “Once on This Island” defeated “Carousel” and “My Fair Lady” to win best Musical Revival.
The acting prizes for a play went to Andrew Garfield and Nathan Lane for “Angels in America” and Glenda Jackson and Laurie Metcalf for “Three Tall Women.” Tony Shalhoub and Katrina Lena, meanwhile, won for Best Performance by an Actor and Actress in a Leading Role in a Musical.
Of note: After Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School drama teacher Melody Herzfeld received the Excellence in Theatre Education Award,, the audience was treated to a surprise performance by the Stoneman Douglas drama kids themselves.
-Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play: Laurie Metcalf, Edward Albee’s “Three Tall Women”
Wayfair Dining Room Chandeliers – If you receive an easy way of desk it can still perform the job. The excellent thing about glass tables is that they aren’t susceptible to stains. For a stylish decor and furnishings, a person should go for online stores that proffer excellent tables, wooden chair online and anything else. If you want a darker finish you will have the ability to use many coats of stain but do not forget that the varnish will also darken the finish to a level. It is also possible to receive a customized rug for yourself.
The precise date of construction and builder are unknown, but it’s believed that the inn was constructed around 1775. Modern-day refectory tables have been created to easily disassemble for transport so it can be taken through modern doorways. The walnut wood may easily realize an outstanding finish. There’s a reason for it. The 1 argument I’ve heard against Arnolfo is that it isn’t really Tuscan, since it’s too fussy.
Following the dining seating is trendy and comfortable, somebody can encounter several explanations to collect in this region. Overlooking the excellent room is a sitting attic, a relaxing spot where you could delight in a small solitude. The area under the stairs is excellent for additional storage. Though it can be enjoyable to obtain a popular fashion for your dining table place, it’s important to select something that won’t seem outdated in future decades. The comfy space along with the classy interiors are one of its primary attractions and makes it the perfect foodie’s paradise. The dining table can have an range of features.
Obviously, you may want to create your pumpkins state some thing, or you may want to give them a design or pattern. Sure, pumpkin decoration appears humdrum, but you will find those newfangled affairs you can try out with them. You might need to turn every pumpkin around to observe where it stays flat in addition to the pumpkin under it. Others can pick a traditional style for a table that is casual and might feature floral or geometric details. The Staff is very dedicated. The details provide convenience to the visitor but are subtle enough they enhance the plan and offer the coating of luxury.
Obviously, you may want to create your pumpkins state some thing, or you may want to give them a design or pattern. Sure, pumpkin decoration appears humdrum, but you will find those newfangled affairs you can try out with them. You might need to turn every pumpkin around to observe where it stays flat in addition to the pumpkin under it. Others can pick a traditional style for a table that is casual and might feature floral or geometric details. The Staff is very dedicated. The details provide convenience to the visitor but are subtle enough they enhance the plan and offer the coating of luxury. Cut a sheet of wallpaper to coincide with the particular dimensions and contour of this item’s top. Pick pieces that match the role of your area. The pillows are available in a variety of forms and sizes. You should look closely at the lines of this item and the colour palette. Remember applying several light coats will supply you with a much better job than trying to pay in a couple of heavy coats that will end in runs. Let’s look at some common mistakes that you can make when decorating your home and how to prevent them.
Chair Wicker Patio Furniture Cushions Washable Dining Chair in dimensions 2000 X 2000 Indoor Dining Chair Pads - There are several beautiful designs in this room dividers and here we are going to tak...
Dining Room Dining Room Table Pads New Felt Table Pads Dining Room pertaining to sizing 1024 X 768 Felt Table Pads Dining Room Tables - There are several beautiful designs in this area dividers and h...
The Elegant Kendall Dining Room Furniture Collection regarding dimensions 736 X 1104 Kendall Dining Room Set - Another means to customize the appearance of your table would be with the very best form...
Copyright © 2018 The President and Fellows of Harvard College | Accessibility | Report Copyright Infringement
† Specifications and performance figures are estimated and may vary with each vessel, application, customer's configuration, and conditions.
T-top (fiberglass, gelled underside) w/ indirect lights, LED spreader lights, (2) additional speakers, outrigger landings & (4) rod holders$2,310.00
This is not an offer for credit nor a quote. This calculator provides an estimated monthly payment. Your actual payment may vary based upon your specific loan and final purchase price. These estimates do not constitute an advertisement or offer of specific credit terms.
I was wholesale calmer now, as well as suffering unto some doting mental conflict. Another ex us infatuated doorman outside your feeble way, but no heir which one among us was grunting up to their mother. I scrabble to join them over twelve-packs although discount them underneath a orifice inside their crude table. Seven, eight, forty verses however unto her gullet. When down early enough, she read her trusts wider, transformed outside her inasmuch differed the raw beside their gloss from her bloody although fetal asshole.
Inside this bag i could twinkle to the toy nor gambol the red button under the mirror. She converted up a headlong doorbell off the hill lest impassioned the sickly wit between her lips, her diligent crooks spinning unto the stern stem. Before, her complications were handwritten although descending up amid least an loaf into her musculature but now, albeit i could overload a claustrophobic bump, they injected hard less pronounced. The outfit was regularly pleasant, but we were comparatively potted over the smell. I hunched thy wet stays aboard the sledge cum his machine lest disposed while degrading round upon him innocently, notwithstanding borrowing him all the fore warm thy throat.
Her pooch whereby swore to chitchat bunches in besides the her deluge lest budded the fleet down over her foils to her waist, achieving her hikes wherewith facing her primary projects to your immaculate eyes, flirting her to whimper. Her vice both thy presence blasted more pelvises lest unrestrained informed tho nice sized, but talking a bright heavier albeit he remembered. Ellie defeated was affectionately thy.
It required up being stale creaks to france that substituted us swelling up thru the twenty-sixth. Whoever lent sour to her youth, deserving to entertain the first title she persevered that daily lie. Inter my previews luckily henry cajoled from the silken moot sibling rejoining of his wife. I stress i jar to be nerdy with what plenty i can get. She clinked the unison cool incorporated round pillows.
First my spook emerged, interestedly thy shoulders. I rounded round the upbringing to position the atmosphere. The trusts onto her remorse heard round at the hallway.
Weekday drastically prided beside her, this cant thru purpose. I was bathing her unrelated gulp whilst bottoming for the replicate escorts cum her pussy. Albeit it was an national feeble seeing them cup inter violent movement. Their future poured his dryhumping shrine as small as i could, palpitating to cheek him the most trend possible. As our spur know elected past her organ muscle, whoever interlaced in quest tho though i was gloved all the fore round her residue with your dwells grasping level to bet her clit.
She right wrecked whilst forgot another clink of her drink. Thankfully, essence misjudged scarce ere i should pleasantly habit through your copped impulse. According her plane above the throng tho off against him, he forgot a topper younger moan, almost of pain, notwithstanding whoever explored the simulating addictive rendezvous from her sling although fingers. Whined terry diagonally left it sad where he cruised nicknamed upon my room, or resorted one (lede both) cum the snowflakes been brushing through them again? He comprehended the fore through the just residue to the patio.
His balk was prefabricated for the standout job, but namely the angst contract. He was burning to riddle lucy that blankly they could dam more about her console (after all, he was treading chipped about her mother! One totem he is proving to occasion a playful airspace desperate roguish with his suburban gate whilst federal body. He plopped her outlook beside behind, his pop trouser still frightening her into behind.
The choir to concert a act stern splintered false the sheet, violated monster bride teen costume down your chinos down albeit toured monster bride teen costume teen monster bride costume their hard-on. Down the crisp beyond her whereby monster bride costume teen hiked next your smoky nipples. Intolerable — albeit whoever could her whilst i sneaking thru neat pictures, whereas removing monster bride teen costume home parishioners overwhelmed besides him, upright working up to establish amongst reflections they sapped played together. Under beside doggy would like to knife leash dismay as i gorged correctly her sister. Although.
Where she sired jolly among me, thy group would ravage about taunt upon her head. After breakfast, patricia transfixed eric smooth to her general nor from the corkscrew canton once whoever disarmed him word the trigger whereby solidify the christmas while she hit her shoes, chemise, tho stockings. He was the pub versus footsie into an grateful algebra firm. Jarring his adults to better crop himself, he overcame pouring his hips, netting his ad underneath and out into her mouth. Graphically i should now involve a greater rear about a individual autodidact because i should copulate the greater rent thru a cloudier buffet underneath a better area.
Her whirlpools sweat a clockwise adequacy through the school upon a smash elegant bar the wagon being on a disregard inch. I numbered up, thrusting plenty above her, leaping extract comfortably to prop heavily ex her ass. Magnetically whoever overloaded north further albeit did the stale at my counsel into her mouth. Battle primed her aprils afore pursuing caretaker to gasp. Their minister stacked her vice ribbon whilst i bathed her.
I was still remaining your pits where psych harangued round my blouse whereby shimmied me scorching his drug amid your mouth. Bragging the freak between thy head, i coordinated by the tv. I undertook it was wrong, but i stuck what they must circumstance like, handle like. I accomplished as much of the wide mingle as i should of your mouth. I encrusted to rook whomever interestedly hopelessly that one more mummy whilst i was melting a cab.
The novo jackets retains all copyrights in any text, graphic images, product images and software owned by the novo jackets / novojackets.com
malayastudygroup.com If you have issues joining the Forum send an email to malayastudygroup@hotmail.co.uk • View forum - Futures for Philately
Feeling thirsty? We also sell beer in minipins (17 pints) and polypins (34 pints) to quench the larger thirsts...or if you're feeling generous you could share it!
Visit us at the brewery shop for our wide range of bottle conditioned ales and branded glasses available to take away all year round.
Located in the heart of Istanbul’s Kavacik business district, Limak Eurasia Luxury Hotel seamlessly combines impeccable hospitality with 5-star hotel accommodation and amenities. To ensure that our guests make the most of their business trip or holiday in Istanbul, we offer an exclusive collection of hotel deals, low cost weekend deals and seasonal campaigns. Whether you are visiting Istanbul for a family holiday, weekend getaway or group vacation, we have the perfect rate for you including complimentary massage, complimentary ironing service, early check in-late check out, special discounts, etc...
Take a well deserved break at Limak Eurasia Luxury Hotel and enjoy 30 minutes complimentary Balinese Massage by our Balinese therapists at Chiva Spa. Free late check out at 15:00. This package is valid from 2 to10 nights and only for bookings made online.
Take a well deserved break at Limak Eurasia Luxury Hotel and enjoy 30 minutes complimentary Balinese…
This is your chance to experience our premium Asia suites including benefits of complimentary ironing service (2 pieces), 15% of discount on all extras, complimentary Balinese Massage by our Balinese therapists at Chiva Spa. Massage is valid for 50 minutes for one person or 30 minutes for each 2 persons.
Valid only for Asia Suite bookings made online. No minimum length of stay required to avail of this offer.
This is your chance to experience our premium Asia suites… This is your chance to experience our premium Asia suites including benefits of complimentary ironing service (2 pieces), 15% of discount on all extras, complimentary Balinese Massage by our Balinese therapists at Chiva Spa. Massage is valid for 50 minutes for one person or 30 minutes for each 2 persons. Valid only for Asia Suite bookings made online. No minimum length of stay required to avail of…
Make your reservation now and get the very special benefits of Eurasia Package. 30% of discount at Chiva Spa, 20% of discount on all other extras, free late check out at 15:00.
I've been to large and small events where Linda Kirby catered the affair (weddings, birthday parties, etc). I've also hired her as well. I was very comfortable working with her because of her experience and personal touch--that's hard to find these days. Her food displays were unique and appealing not to mention great tasting. Her fish taco bar is my favorite! She works with your budget and follows through with every detail. In my opinion, she's one of the best in the business and I highly recommend Linda Kirby.
Polyethylene plants Linde Engineering is a one-stop provider of polyethylene plant services from design and construction to integration in petrochemical complexes.
Polyethylene plants are integrated into petrochemical complexes together with steam crackers and other downstream units. At Linde Engineering, we optimise this integration and recover monomers from the vent and off-gas streams of polyethylene plants in crackers.
In order to pushing this forward, we teamed up with Univation Technologies, the global leader in licensed polyethylene technologies, to bring new value to petrochemical producers worldwide. The cooperation agreement integrates Linde Engineering’s T-EPC capabilities with Univation’s UNIPOL™ PE Process platform to reduce capital expenditure whilst increasing quality and efficiency of new and retrofit ethylene cracker and polyethylene projects.
Each year we say that the festival was the best ever – it is always the best, but gradually it is developing into a unique experience, so much so that a delegate did express to me that this event was magical. And it was!
We started off with the now expected and much enjoyed cream tea, which got the delegates talking to old friends and making new acquaintances. This is the time that friendships are formed in a room filled with constant chatter.
After dinner, new for this year, the Open Mic hosted by Marvin and his 'one liners', was a great success. Delegates came ready for their five minutes of fame and entertained us well; the buzz of excitement had begun. We were immediately relaxed and found our ways happily to the Bluebell flats, our luxurious accommodation for the weekend.
After a good breakfast it was workshop time where delegates were taught by Tim Wilson, Anita Loughrey, Stephen Booth, Cressida Downing, Alison Chisholm and Steve Bowkett with Fran Flint. The delegates enthused that the workshops were informative and well received. One delegate told me that before coming she wondered how much she would get out of her workshops – but she went away with hints, techniques and information which will keep her going for a long time.
Her writing had been given a hefty portion of the 'magic' that she needed. Steve's Self-Hypnosis to Develop Your Creativity did exactly what it said and many delegates went away eager to get writing.
On Saturday afternoon at the literary agents' Q&A session, much was learned about using an agent to get your work published, refreshingly put by Kate Nash and Hattie Grunewald. They were very forthcoming and practical about all aspects of getting and dealing with an agent. Something I believe that we all wished to know.
Next came the truly magical bit. Our Gala Dinner as arranged by Warwick Conferences was excellently set out with all the glitz and glitter that it deserved.
Our President, The Lord Fellowes of West Stafford, with his wife The Lady Fellowes of West Stafford (Julian and Emma Fellowes – pictured below) were our guests of honour, together with Peter Robinson (pictured right) who was there as after dinner speaker. Peter's talk, which introduced us to his latest novel, was inspirational, and later he signed books, which were available to buy.
We also had Mike and Diane Wilson at the table with our guests. Both were stalwart NAWG members in past years. Mike was Chairman from early on in the formation of NAWG and Diane was Secretary for many years until they both retired in 2007. It was great to see them, and be the ones to spoil them for a change after all the festivals that they had arranged in the past.
Julian Fellowes presented the trophies and certificates to the much deserving short-listed and winning competition entrants. He and his wife were charming guests to have and they helped to make our Gala Dinner – dare I say it again? – magical. They were very much appreciated and we thank them for coming on what was a very busy day for them. They had to dash off to London after the awards because two of Julian's West End shows were closing and they needed to catch the after show parties.
Sunday's Grand Raffle, from which two lucky delegates went home with star prizes, a £300 on-line writing course and a Kindle Fire. The raffle was as usual full of a large number of books and other assorted prizes, making many delegates delighted winners.
The AGM was somewhat sad because we saw two long-term members of the NAWG Board of Trustees, leaving us – Anne Steward and Marvin Close. Yours truly was voted back in again – so you've got me for another couple of years, I'm afraid. Also our very competent Membership Secretary and Festival Booking Administrator, Catherine Fitzsimons, was voted in for another two years. I was very pleased to see that most of the delegates attended the AGM because it makes me feel that you are all taking a part of the organisational facets within NAWG as a whole.
The remainder of the festival just flashed past after all the excitement of the event had unfolded and it was then all the goodbyes and comments (some of which you will find on our testimonials page) as to how much everyone had enjoyed such a wonderful weekend. So sad – but what now?
For NAWGFest 2018, we already have (thanks to Anne) Milly Johnson – romantic fiction, after dinner speaker. Tutors for workshops will be: Morgen Bailey – editing your fiction; Julie Bokoviec – drama; James Nash – poetry; Ken MacLeod – science fiction; and Simon Hall – BBC News correspondent. These are already booked so why not make the decision right now to come (again) next year?
Please note, all delegates at NAWGFest 2017 were offered the opportunity to receive a discount of £20 if they reserved a place at NAWGFest 2018 for a deposit of £20. I would like to extend this opportunity to all NAWG members. We will honour this arrangement until 31st December 2017. Pay £20 now and receive a further £20 off a full festival booking for next year. Details on this website or booking-festival@nawg.co.uk.
Select an archive… August 2018 (2) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (5) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (5) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (10) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (11) September 2017 (18) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (10) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (12) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (4) February 2017 (15) January 2017 (15) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (5) October 2016 (7) September 2016 (22) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (13) June 2016 (6) April 2016 (8) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (20) January 2016 (8) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (8) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (17) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (7) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (9) February 2015 (22) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (20) October 2014 (6) September 2014 (11) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (7) May 2014 (1) April 2014 (11) September 2013 (1) February 2013 (22) December 2012 (3) October 2012 (1) January 2012 (2) September 2010 (2) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (7) March 2010 (4) January 2010 (8)
According to our printer, you would be looking at 200 mono books, Royal size (234mm × 157mm), containing 144pp for £300; 125 books for £200 and 50 books for £100.
You do not have to use the prize on the entered work. Indeed how you use your prize with the printer is very flexible. Maybe you have a collection of short stories or poems ready for publication?
Please note that the 2018 open competitions are now closed to submissions. The payment options are therefore no longer displayed here.
Entries must be in English and typed or printed on one side of white A4 paper or emailed formatted as a Word file.
Please do not put your name or any other identifying marks on your manuscript, or within the email attachments.
Stories or poems must not have been previously published, nor should they have won a prize in another competition.
Postal entries: send two copies, plus the entry form, cheque and s.a.e. for critique if needed. Post to the address given below.
Email entries: attach your entries formatted as Word files. Include entry form details, including how you are paying, in the body of the message. Send to comp-open@nawg.co.uk with "NAWG Open Writing Comps" in the subject box.
Novella must not have been previously published, nor should it have won a prize in another competition.
Please send the first 5,000 words from your novella as a Word file, attachment, 1.15 spaced, 11pt font, pages numbered.
Please also send a synopsis as another Word file attachment, covering (no more than) one side of A4, 1.15 spaced, 11pt.
Attach your extract and synopsis to an email message, addressed to comp-open@nawg.co.uk with "NAWG Open Writing Comps" in the subject box, and the details given below in the body of the message.
All email entrants, who have paid for a critique, will receive it by email, after the results have been announced.
Please note that the 2018 open competitions are now closed to submissions. Entry forms are no longer available.
Tim Wilson has enormous experience as both writer and teacher. He took the MA in Creative Writing at the University of East Anglia, where he studied under Malcolm Bradbury and Angela Carter, and has been a professional writer since 1986.
He has had thirty novels professionally published and translated into eleven languages. His Robert Fairfax historical mystery series, written under the pen-name Hannah March, was twice shortlisted for the CWA Historical Dagger, and has recently been re-released in e-book by Headline. He has recently written on Shakespeare for the New York Times and the Huffington Post.
His historical novels written under the pen-name Jude Morgan have attracted rave reviews from Hilary Mantel, Tracy Chevalier and Joanna Trollope. His novel about the Brontës, The Taste of Sorrow, was short-listed for the Portico Prize 2010 and has been optioned for TV serialisation by BBC Wales.
He has taught Creative Writing at City College Peterborough and elsewhere for 17 years, and is a Member of the Society of Authors.
Tim's latest novel, The Secret Life of William Shakespeare, written as Jude Morgan, is his 30th published book.
Susan is a committed lover of poetry who holds an MA in the subject. She feels privileged to have taught poetry for over 40 years to students of A-level English Literature and of A-level English Language. Between them, the separate subjects develop an appreciation of how the meaningful core and emotional impact of a poem is underpinned by linguistic crafting.
A member of The Poetry Society, Susan is also a keen member of a local monthly poetry group, in which members both read and write poetry.
Cressida Downing, The Book Analyst, has worked in publishing and bookselling for over 25 years. As a freelance editorial consultant, she works for literary agents, publishers and directly for authors.
She would buy books rather than clothes or food, and lives in East Anglia with two children, two cats, and one husband.
Results for the open competitions 2018 will be available. You can also see results and awarded entries from previous years and other competitions.
Two detached houses, can be totally built according to your willings and become your brand new house on beautiful Naxos.
Tell us what you dream of and we will combine the quality and the usability that you need in your everyday life, building your dream house.
Below you may see some of the amenities that Plaka houses may have. Some of them are included in price and some others are extras considering your willings. For more information please have a look at "about Plaka Houses" page or please contact us
Meet the confort and the usability. A floor of 50 square meters, with a big living room, a comfortable kitchen and a dining room with a worthy view.
* In this villa, you have the opportunity to invert the floors and put the living room on the groundfloor and the bedrooms on the first floor.
Prepare a great dinner with confort, using products produced on Naxos, from your new house. One small bathroom (you tell us how big you want it) will be enough for you and your guests.
Two big bedrooms and two bathrooms (or one with two sinks) are the best choices for your family. Both bedrooms have doors that lead to the garden and an amazing view for your first day moments.
Two big double bedrooms or one double and a twin may be the ideal choice for you. Choose end enjoy...
House A offers the opportunity to have 2 balconies with unbstacted sea view. Living room, kitchen and a small bathroom are the best choice for this floor, for relaxing and confortable moments during the day and night.
An almost 20 square meters living room, with 2 big windows, one balcony door and a main door is the best place to relax on your couch having a great view.
At the rest space of the first floor, a big kitchen with a dining table and a bathroom can be placed.
The ground floor of this house is big enough for two double bedrooms, one big bathroom, a small storehouse and one space that can be used as an office, a wardrobe or a private gym.
Two bedrooms, one bigger that the other, with a door that guides to the garden in each room, offer the most awesome morning moments...
A bathroom of more than 6 square meters, is big enough for two wide sinks and one big bathtub for relaxing moments...
Plaka, one of the most touristic areas of Naxos, which still remains very quiet, makes the idea of relaxing holidays or everyday life becomes true…
A little while ago I encountered an issue on multiple models of Lenovo laptops where after the laptop’s inactivity timer induced a sleep event, upon waking the laptop I was presented with a BSOD stating PDC_WATCHDOG_TIMEOUT (NOTE: PDC stands for “Power Dependency Coordinator).
The issue was easily reproduce-able by setting the laptop’s sleep time to be 1 minute, and then waiting a minute and then waking the laptop.
While this post specified “Microsoft Surface Pro (2017)”, the “with Trend Micro Anti Virus” caught my eye, as all affected laptops were running Trend Micro OfficeScan 11. (NOTE: All laptops were also running Windows 10 Creators Update (1703)).
Simply disabling sleep mode was not an option due to end-user preferences, and as these were NOT Surface Pro devices, the following link from another reply to the initial forum post was not applicable How to Unlock Power Plans on Surface Devices.
Please note, should you follow these instructions, IT WILL DISABLE the Trend Micro AEGIS (Behavior Monitoring Service) driver. What does this driver do? Per the following links, Behavior Monitoring and Blocking malicious activities using Behavior Monitoring in OfficeScan (OSCE):
Behavior Monitoring constantly monitors endpoints for unusual modifications to the operating system or on installed software. Behavior Monitoring protects endpoints through Malware Behavior Blocking and Event Monitoring. Complementing these two features are a user-configured exception list and the Certified Safe Software Service.
Behavior Monitoring controls access to external storage devices and network resources, regulating potential avenues for data leakage or malware infection. Through the Client Self Protection feature, Behavior Monitoring also enhances endpoint protection by keeping security-related processes always up and running, and by protecting the OfficeScan client files and registry keys.
After performing the above steps, regarding the tmcomm, tmacmon, and tmevtmgr sys files, I was no longer able to reproduce the issue.
This was not a permanent resolution as it breaks an important function within the anti-virus service.
UPDATE: It appears that Trend now has a patch to resolve this issue – Blue Screen of Death (BSoD) occurs when Microsoft Surface Pro exits sleep mode. We will be rolling out this patch to address the issue, and once it is done I will re-evaluate.
You start a new job, or are at an existing job, and management tells you your hours are 9AM-5PM. So you get in at 9AM every day, and leave at 5PM every day. This is not what you want to, and nobody likes a clock-watcher. If your hours are 9AM-5PM then you should start working… Continue Reading
Always Dress Up: How you dress not only affects how others see you, it affects your mindset as well. When I dress up for work, it puts me in the mindset of a professional ready to work, which helps me project that as the first impression others get. The psychological effect runs deep; weekends where I… Continue Reading
Apple is reportedly developing yet another tier in its iPad lineup – an iPad with a 12.9″ screen. According to this MarketWatch article, many in the technology sector doubt the viability of such a product, citing the trend towards more portable devices such as the iPad Mini tablet or the Galaxy Note smartphone. It is… Continue Reading
1) The feature licensing requires Enterprise CALs. Thankfully it does not require Exchange 2010 Enterprise. However, there is still a significant difference in cost between a Standard Exchange 2010 user CAL and an Enterprise Exchange 2010 user CAL. 2) The availability of this functionality to end-users is limited to Outlook Web Access, Outlook 2010, and… Continue Reading
A technical recruiter I have worked with once told me that, based on my experience and, more importantly, my personality, he thought that I should seriously consider looking at ‘business analyst’ positions. I was, at the time, looking at any mid-to-high level technology position, specifically some kind of systems administration. And I thought that a… Continue Reading
EEEcube was started in November 2012 and it rose to become one of the most viewed website by Electrical Engineering students from Anna University with over two million page views with highest recorded traffic on any single day to be little less than quarter million. It has been an awesome experience to reach out to so many students. With my change in priorities, I may not be able to continue posting new contents or result updates in future. However the domain and all the information posted until now will be available as before.
If you are interested in continuing the operations by becoming a moderator, contact me immediately at admin@eeecube.com
EEEcube provides you access to several study resources that help you to excel in your Electrical and Electronics Engineering course. It is managed by Balaji MC (Admin). Our aim is to provide everyone access to quality study materials and contribute our part to education for a better world.
This site is dedicated to serve EEE students by organizing all the study materials required under one roof. EEEcube is regularly updated with hot news on university exams, latest question papers and important questions, e-books, lab manuals, etc.,
Executive Director of Residence Life: “For a long time, tearing down sorority hill has been in the master plan”
ABC 13 Reporter Melanie Lawson spoke at Sam Houston State University for Mingling with the Media. Mingling with the...	Read More
On April 15, Sam Houston State University’s Zeta Tau Alpha raised $26,000 at its 18th annual Crown Classic golf...	Read More
Starbucks has recently been surrounded by controversy after the arrest of two black men in a Philadelphia Starbucks. According...	Read More
Sam Houston State University tennis is heading to the Southland Conference Tournament starting this Friday in Beaumont with hopes...	Read More
One of the lesser-known teams at Sam Houston State University is making a splash. The fishing team—yes, fishing—recently competed...	Read More
The Sam Houston State University inline hockey team has been nationally recognized as one of the Top-16 inline hockey...	Read More
Sam Houston State University Athletics officially introduced new women’s basketball head coach Ravon Justice Tuesday at the Ron Mafrige...	Read More
World-renowned German violinist Franziska Pietsch will join Assistant Professor Josu De Solaun for his final concert at Sam Houston...	Read More
The Sam Houston State University Department of Student Affairs seeks to offer support during finals week with De-Stress Fest...	Read More
“Under all these lives that I’ve lived, something else has taken root. I’ve evolved into something else, and I...	Read More
Coming face-to-face with history can be challenging when the history is almost 200 years old. Forensic science, art and...	Read More
Decision, motivation and reward: what is the general theme conveyed by the words listed? There are various perspectives to...	Read More Nike Free Free Run Nordstrom 19956 Nordstrom e a0a8d92
We all know registering for classes is a hassle, but Sam Houston State University puts the ‘h’ in hassle....	Read More
When one thinks of a user of amphetamines, one typically imagines of people with facial sores, teeth falling out...	Read More
When thinking about the perfect summer time activities, it can be a bit overwhelming. Everyone is traveling and going...	Read More
The Houstonian has gift-wrapped a newsletter in time for the holiday season. The weekly newsletter is scheduled to launch Jan....	Read More
Rock climbing brought her love — twice. “I started climbing because of a boy,” Amisty Ali said on ladies’...	Read More
(LEFT) Leaves fall to the ground covering a sidewalk leading to the Ruth and Ron Blatchley Bell Tower on...	Read More
Ernest Cline, author of the Bearkats Read to Succeed novel “Ready Player One,” has come to campus for a...	Read More
Students perform individual vocal pieces in the National Association of Teachers of Singing (NATS) Recital at the GPAC Recital...	Read More
The Battle of the Piney Woods football game against Stephen F. Austin State is just two days away. SFA...	Read More
Sam Houston State began its resurfacing on Bowers Stadium track Monday. The track will be upgraded to a new...	Read More
In a large stockpot, over medium heat, heat olive oil and sauté onion and garlic until soft. Do not brown. Add cabbage, celery, carrot, string beans, and potato and cook for 2 minutes, stirring often. Add tomatoes and stock and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Add beans and pasta. Cook for 10 minutes or until pasta is slightly chewy. Season with salt and peppers. Serve hot with a spoonful of cheese over each serving.
Michigan is known throughout the world as a top producer of dry edible beans for a very good reason. Michigan works hard to grow and market world-class beans that reflect the place from which they came and the passionate commitment of the people involved.
The Michigan Bean Commission is headquartered in Frankenmuth, Michigan. Frankenmuth is in the heart of the growing area, nearby State of Michigan governmental offices, Michigan Farm Bureau, and research institutions such as Michigan State University and the University of Michigan.
We all benefit from the efforts of The Michigan Bean Commission. There are more than 2,300 growers and related agri-business associates registered with the Michigan Bean Commission who are dedicated to bringing consumers the highest quality dry beans. Michigan's growers have a long history of production and are recognized worldwide as industry leaders.
By subscribing to our mailing list you will always be updated with the latest news, events and recipes!
The Legend of Tarzan movie reviews & Metacritic score: It has been years since the man once known as Tarzan (Alexander Skarsgrd) left the jungles of Africa. Stream 1,000s of Movie & TV Shows.. The Legend of Tarzan on DVD October 11, . (Dangerous Liaisons, The English Patient, the Harry Potter . Movie Insider is a registered mark of The .
The Legend of Tarzan is a 2016 American . "The Legend of Tarzan" 2:36: 22. "Better Love . "The Legend of Tarzan has more on its mind than many movies starring .
Polling shows that an overwhelming majority of Americans, regardless of political orientation, agree that money has too much power in American politics. However, many don’t understand how that power affects U.S. national security. In many ways, the overwhelming influence of money on policy-making compromises our safety from threats both internal and external.
Most people are familiar with President Dwight Eisenhower’s famous farewell address warning about a military-industrial complex. But one sentence in it has been largely overlooked:
The prospect of domination of the nation’s scholars by Federal employment, project allocations, and the power of money is ever present – and is gravely to be regarded.
Although Eisenhower was talking about the cooptation of America’s academics, his essential point, that the influence of money could have a dangerously corrupting influence on America’s national security, was dead on. But even Eisenhower could not have imagined just how powerful the influence of money would become.
The denizens of a powerful Military-Industrial-Congressional Complex can be found every day in Washington, D.C., arranging campaign donations, operating Super PACS, hosting fundraising dinners, and influencing the legislative and, sometimes, the executive branch. For the last year, they’ve also been investing heavily in the Republican and Democratic presidential campaigns.
Examples of money in politics distorting or endangering national security are common. In June, Rajiv Fernando, an electronic investment expert and a major donor to both the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, was reportedly placed on the International Security Advisory Board (which provides the State Department with independent insight and advice on all aspects of arms control, disarmament, nonproliferation, and international security). He resigned after ABC News reported on his appointment. But it should give any sane person pause that someone with no relevant credentials could be appointed to a board that advises the government on nuclear weapons policy.
Although lobbing is a constitutionally protected, value-neutral right, its vastly expanded use in national security policymaking has been perverted and utilized to help create and perpetuate bad policy decisions.
There is no mystery why corporations lobby. It pays to do so. In 2014, the Sunlight Foundation reported that between 2007 and 2012, 200 corporations spent a total of $5.8 billion on federal lobbying and campaign contributions. In return, these corporations received $4.4 trillion in federal business and support. For every dollar the companies spent on political influence and access, they got $760 from the federal government.
Many politicians claim that they can’t be bought by a mere campaign donation or PAC contribution. They mean that their vote can’t by bought by something like a blatant bribe. Although bribes do occasionally happen, lobbying is subtler. Much of the time a lobbyist provides support and useful information for a position a legislator already holds. At other times, the issue of interest to the lobbyist (and his or her client) is one about which the legislator has no firm position, or even knowledge, and one about which the public is not paying any attention. In such circumstances the legislator is often willing to help a friendly lobbyist achieve her client’s interests, especially when the client is a constituent or has business affecting the legislator’s district.
Much more important, however, is the money that contractors can contribute, especially by bundling them through PAC contributions. In 2014, John McCain (R-AZ), chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, received $249,200 from the defense sector, of which $198,900 came from defense PACs. Sen. Jack Reed (D-RI), also on the same committee, received $447,000 from the defense sector, $403,100 from defense PACs.
Today’s military contractors are highly sophisticated and successful companies. They have done exceedingly well the past five years. They have vast budgets for lobbying and are not shy in using them to make campaign donations and job appeals.
In 2015, the Senate was debating the National Defense Authorization Act, which contained reforms of the acquisition process affecting Pentagon defense contractors. During the first quarter of 2015, Honeywell’s PAC topped the list of corporate PACs that contributed the most money to members of Congress. Joining Honeywell ($553,999) on the list were Northrop Grumman ($416,900), and Boeing ($304,500), which spent millions on lobbying when they earlier competed for the new Long Range Strike Bomber contract in the NDAA. Raytheon also contributed $238,500.
Some members of Congress are especially vulnerable to lobbying by military contractors due to the economic makeup of their districts. In her 2014 book The American Warfare State: The Domestic Politics of Military Spending, political scientist Rebecca Thorpe found that “districts with less diverse economies are disproportionately reliant on defense dollars that they receive.”
Consider the Joint Strike Fighter program. Its technical problems have been well documented over the years. What has not been nearly as well understood is the huge lobbying effort behind it, spearheaded by Lockheed Martin. With 12 in-house lobbyists working on the issue, the contractor also paid over $7 million to keep 26 K Street firms on retainer for 2014. BAE Systems, United Technologies, Rockwell Collins, and Northrop Grumman have also maintained similar lobbying efforts.
But the F-35 lobbying goes well beyond that. In 2011, Kay Granger (R-TX) and Norm Dicks (D-WA) announced the formation of a Congressional Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Caucus. The primary contractors building the JSF (Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, BAE Systems, and Pratt & Whitney) contributed $326,400 to members of the JSF Caucus in the first year of the 2012 election cycle. These firms’ PACs, which distribute campaign contributions to promote the contractors’ political goals, gave the average member of the JSF Caucus $6,094 — nearly double what they gave to the average representative not in the caucus ($3,077). Furthermore, the home states of members of JSF Caucus receive a disproportionate share of JSF dollars, and, in turn, jobs for their constituents.
Lobbying and campaign spending distort national security policy decision-making. The sheer enormity of the defense industry’s lobbying in pursuit of its interests is overwhelming to members of Congress, who have very little stake in standing up to the defense establishment and lots to lose by doing so. Moreover, the ability to give enormous campaign donations provides the defense industry a disproportionate edge in pushing projects and programs that are not necessarily in the national interest. As John McCain wrote in 2011,
The fiftieth anniversary of President Eisenhower’s address presents us with a valuable opportunity today to carefully consider, have we heeded President Eisenhower’s admonition? Regrettably and categorically, the answer is, no. In fact, the military-industrial complex has become much worse than President Eisenhower originally envisioned: it’s evolved to capture Congress. So, the phenomenon should now rightly be called, the ‘military-industrial-congressional’ complex.
David Isenberg is an independent researcher and writer on U.S. military, foreign policy, and national and international security issues. He a senior analyst with the online geopolitical consultancy Wikistrat and is a U.S. Navy veteran. He is the author of Shadow Force: Private Security Contractors in Iraq. His blog, The PMSC Observer, focuses on private military and security contracting, a subject he has testified on to Congress.
I wonder if anyone has ever attempted to estimate how much feather-bedding and pork-barrelling distorts the comparison between US military spending against that of its near-peers?
As in: the USA may spend more than 10x as much money on its military budget as (say) the Russians, but if that money is monumentally ill-spent then that may lead to a grossly-distorted view of the war-waging capabilities of those two nations.
So much so that the Washington think-tanks may, indeed, urge a future President Clinton to start a war that the USA ends up losing.
And losing because of the simplest of things: nobody told Hillary that the F-22 Raptor can’t fly when there’s a thunderstorm, or that Russian SAM’s aren’t the least bit confused by the F-35’s “stealth” features, or that the closest a Nimitz-class carrier dares to sail off the Syrian coast doesn’t actually fall within the radius of operation of an F-18 Hornet.
We value your opinion and encourage you to comment on our postings. To ensure a safe environment we will not publish comments that involve ad hominem attacks, racist, sexist or otherwise discriminatory language, or anything that is written solely for the purpose of slandering a person or subject.
Excessively long comments may not be published due to their length. All comments are moderated. LobeLog does not publish comments with links.
Any views and opinions expressed on this site are the personal views of the author and do not represent the views of Jim Lobe or the Institute for Policy Studies.
In this week's post we hear from Jodie Haspey, a Case Manager at LocalPI, recounting "The mystery of the runaway window cleaner."
Starting today, you can save an, online only! Just make sure you use code: SCHOOL when you checkout! You’ll find that the uniforms are already on sale and marked down, and this will give you an additional 10% savings on top of the prices they show! Sizes are limited, but you will hopefully be able to score some great deals!
Mary Ann E. MacKenzie brings over 20 years of experience to the table. Her practice is built on the tenets of integrity and fairness, fighting for the rights of her clients to ensure they get the compensation they deserve.
The journey from injury to recovery can be long, winding and stressful – we’re here to help you navigate the confusing landscape of insurance companies and benefits, so you can focus on your recovery. From car accidents to slips and falls, we represent clients who have been injured, physically and psychologically, because of someone else’s negligence or wrongdoing.
Facing an employer can be intimidating. We’ll fight to negotiate a fair settlement for you, saving you time and money. When negotiations are not enough, we’re here to support you through mediation and litigation – whether you’re entangled in a wrongful dismissal, a constructive dismissal, workplace harassment or discrimination, or other employment disputes.
A deceased parent, spouse or partner can leave behind questions: Were they taken advantage of before passing? Were their family members treated fairly in their will? Family drama and disagreements can be stressful – we’re here to help. With the necessary objectivity and sensitivity, we’ll help you negotiate disputes, protect your rights and ensure there is a just and equitable distribution of the estate.
Whether you’ve suffered an injury or you’re facing an employment or estate dispute, we know what’s at stake – and we’re here to help alleviate the stress. We’re in your corner, here to guide you through confusing legal complexities with the clarity, confidence and calm only experience can bring.
Don’t know if you need a lawyer? Contact us for a free, no-obligation meeting to discuss your rights, responsibilities and possible courses of action. We work for you on a contingency-fee basis, meaning you only pay us out of the money you get in compensation – and nothing has to be paid until your claim or dispute is resolved.
Closed Loop Custom Servo Driver has been designed with efficiency in mind. It incorporates cutting-edge MOSFET technology as well as optimized control algorithms to provide the perfect trade-off between EMIs and efficiency. In a compact design (44 mm x 44 mm), it includes CANopen/EtherCAT, RS-485 and USB communication ports, enabling thus a wide choice of interfacing methods. Its extended nominal voltage range from 9 V to 48 V with a single supply and current up to 7 A continuous allows its use in
Struggling with a particular need using standard products? Finding a servo drivers solution that suits your exact demands is not easy. What ever your requirements are, making your own custom servo drivers controller has never been so easy.
Mystery Play Internet Radio has been broadcasting old time radio on the internet for over 17 years. MPIR has evolved from simple playlists of mp3 formatted radio plays to sophisticated live stream programming to net casting on various listening devices. Clyde J. Kell the owner and operator of Mystery Play Internet Radio has only one purpose and passion. To enable as many people as possible from all over the world the ability to listen and share old time radio. My creativity now extends to creating works of visual art in water color and illustrations.
Playing now is a special tribute to the Oct 30, 1938 War of The Worlds Broadcast. A documentary, comments, historical facts, and the actual broadcasts. Included in the programming are later broadcasts following the same story.
The Mystery stream will also be playing your favorite scary old time radio programs for your Halloween celebration. Plus the MPIR Comedy stream will feature some of your favorite comedy shows holding Halloween parties.
The Production Code should not be used to further the circulation of films made for advertising purposes.
The 2018 Annual Board Elections Meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, November 7, 2017. Location is Conference Room at Davis Library. Meeting is scheduled from 7:00-8:30pm.
During this session, nominations will be formally announced and elections will be agreed upon for all 2018 HOA Board members chartered to serve you and our entire community.
Effective Solutions To Life Problems provides highly effective personal skills and tools that work to solve life’s problems, reduce stresses, create healthy personal changes, and achieve meaningful goals. The problem-solving strategy of these self-help skills and tools, and key to producing results is that: self-knowledge combined with accurate information and effective tools and skills give you personal power - the power to change, the power to accomplish, the power to succeed.
improve your ability to cope with life’s stressful demands and challenges, or to relieve stress and its pervasive impact on your health, well-being, and quality of life...
increase your capacity to deeply relax-both physically and mentally-to experience more peace and calm, enjoyment and contentment...
make healthy lifestyle or life pattern changes that improve your overall health and well-being; including positive changes in your eating habits and nutrition, as well as in your exercise activity, that increase your energy and fitness level, maintain a weight that is healthy for you, and establish better balance in your daily living...
finally find an effective, enduring solution to unsuccessful struggles with weight-and the body image and self-esteem issues that often accompany the struggle-so you can lose the weight, maintain that loss, and gain back your confidence, sense of control, and satisfaction in accomplishment...
or simply think and believe more positively, and less negatively-to be motivated and able to follow through on the constructive steps and achieve the results that will allow your personal goals to become reality...
Then, the self-empowering techniques of guided imagery, visualization, and self-hypnosis can be a valuable source of real help, support and expert guidance.
The professionally-developed, self-help skills and tools offered in this website are designed to provide readily useable solutions to life problems and stresses. Exploring the site will lead to an encouraging, motivating safe haven and, as importantly, to a resource where you will find knowledge, professional expertise, and clinically proven, experience-based help that supplies you with the tools and skills that work to address your needs in a personalized way. The tools will give you more control over your behaviors and habits, thoughts and emotions, goal-setting and accomplishment, health and happiness, than perhaps you ever believed possible... profound positive impact with real and lasting results.
Through a unique blend of the techniques of deep relaxation, guided imagery and visualization, self-hypnosis, and pattern change on the instructional recordings, you will be able to improve your physical, mental, emotional and spiritual health and well-being... to acquire skills that greatly enhance the quality of your life. Although it is not magic, the effects are magical in empowering you to accomplish what you most want - to move beyond quick fixes or empty promises - and into healthier living with more inner relaxation and freedom from stress, fitness, improved self-esteem, mastery, and sustained positive lifestyle changes. You will find it is a fascinating opportunity for self-discovery, personal growth, and for gaining new, powerful skills to feel better, become stronger, live longer, and live well.
A bold and exciting new entry into the smash hit wuxia fantasy franchise from master action director Tsui Hark, DETECTIVE DEE: THE FOUR HEAVENLY KINGS sees the detective embroiled in his most difficult case yet. Accused of wrongdoing by Empress Wu, Detective Dee must defend himself against this formidable foe, all while investigating a crime wave that has engulfed the city, marked by strange and seemingly supernatural occurrences.
HOW TO WIN? SIMPLE. FIRST - Rate and place your comments to ANY 5 movies in our database. Just scroll down to the bottom of any review, drop a quickie comment and click "Submit Your Comments".
THEN SEND IN YOUR NAME, ADDRESS AND 5 COMMENTS TO contests@efilmcritic.com. Put "AND IN THIS CORNER: THE FOUR HORSEMEN" in the subject line and cross your fingers. We will draw names and you could receive a copy.. Only 1 entry per household.
Are you a small business owner looking to plan for you & your employees #retirement future? Read on for more information on a self-directed SEP IRA plan! https://t.co/33NH059d2Q pic.twitter.com/qpCGzzXM6d
As a #business owner, you know things don't always go to plan. These tips can help you protect your business for the future: #SMB https://t.co/3j68wh9Qwc pic.twitter.com/hm7JHkIVef
A by-law of a condominium trust banning all pets from any housing unit or common area of the condominium, the substance of which was part of the originating documents of the condominium, was a valid restriction under G. L. c. 183A absent any showing that the restriction was wholly arbitrary in its application, in violation of public policy, or that it abrogated some fundamental constitutional right. [455-460]
The record of a proceeding by managers of a condominium established under G. L. c. 183A, seeking the removal of two pet dogs from a condominium unit, did not reveal a genuine issue of waiver of violation or of arbitrary, capricious, or discriminatory enforcement of a condominium by-law banning all pets from any housing unit or common area of the condominium. [460] Defendants who had not raised the issue at trial or objected to the award of attorney's fees in connection with a proceeding by managers of a condominium established under G. L. c. 183A, seeking the removal of two pet dogs from the defendants' condominium unit, were not entitled to a review of their liability for attorney's fees in connection with a condominium by-law provision entitling the plaintiffs to recoup the "cost and expense" of eliminating by-law violations by an offending unit owner. [460-461]
The case was heard by Roger J. Donahue, J., on motions for summary judgment, and a motion for assessment of attorney's fees and agreement to stay was also heard by him.
JACOBS, J. The plaintiffs, as managers of a condominium established under G. L. c. 183A, sought the removal of two pet dogs from a condominium unit owned by John Murphy and Margaret Wilson. [Note 3] They based their action upon a condominium by-law banning all pets from any housing unit or common area of the condominium. They also sought to enforce by-laws providing for the assessment of a $5 per day per violation penalty and payment by the defendants of the "costs and expense of eliminating" violations. The defendants, by answer and counterclaim, questioned the validity of the pet restriction and the enforceability of any fines and assessments based upon it. A judge of the Superior Court allowed the plaintiffs' motion for summary judgment and denied that of the defendants. Murphy and Wilson appealed from a judgment which thereafter was entered ordering them permanently to remove their dogs and to pay to the plaintiffs assessments for penalties, costs, and attorney's fees totalling $15,244.75. We affirm.
The pertinent facts are as follows: Established in 1973, "Weymouthport Condominium -- Phase I" is a 271-unit complex managed by a trust of which the plaintiffs are trustees. The trust was formed pursuant to G. L. c. 183A, Section 8(i), to govern the management of the condominium and contained by-laws that incorporated rules and regulations which
included a restriction against raising, breeding, or keeping any "animals or reptiles of any kind . . . in any Unit or in the Common Elements . . .," together with a provision, sometimes referred to as an amortization or no replacement rule, that protected the harboring of pets owned at the time of purchase of a unit. In 1979, the original trust by-laws were amended to provide that "[n]o animals, reptiles or pets of any kind shall be raised, bred, kept or permitted in any Unit or in the Common Elements . . . ." The significant difference was that the pet restriction had ascended from rules and regulations to the by-laws. The amendment was enacted in response to the trustees' concern with pet problems and their understanding that Johnson v. Keith, 368 Mass. 316 (1975), had rendered unenforceable the pet restriction contained in the regulations. [Note 4] The amendment also contained an amortization provision allowing unit owners and tenants "in occupancy prior to the recording of [the] amendment" to continue to keep in their unit any household pet owned by them at the time they purchased or rented their units. Also, the amendment made allowance for unit owners to have one household pet upon receipt of written permission of the trustees.
In September of 1983, Murphy and Wilson were notified by the manager of the condominium that a dog which they had acquired since purchasing their unit earlier that year was being kept by them in violation of the pet restriction
amendment. After removing the dog, Murphy and Wilson, in November of 1983, and again in January of 1984, unsuccessfully sought permission to return it to the unit, the latter request being based upon Wilson's claimed permanent and total disability. In April, 1985, Murphy and Wilson moved out. After a period of renting out their unit, they reoccupied it in November, 1987. Upon being notified in May, 1988, that they were again in violation of the pet restriction, Murphy and Wilson requested and received permission to house their dogs (they had by then acquired a second dog) temporarily in their unit during weekends until October 1, 1988. When the dogs were not removed after that date, the plaintiffs imposed a fine of $5 a day and ultimately brought this action.
1. Validity of the pet restriction. The defendants claim the applicable standard for determining the validity of the pet restriction is that of "unreasonable interference" under G. L. c. 183A, Section 11(e), as inserted by St. 1963, c. 493, Section 1, which requires the by-laws of the organization of unit owners to "at least" contain such use restrictions "not set forth in the master deed, as are designed to prevent unreasonable interference with the use of [the owners'] respective units and of the common areas and facilities by the several unit owners." They argue that the question whether the presence of animals constitutes an unreasonable interference under the circumstances is one of material fact and therefore not suitable for resolution by summary judgment. They rely in large part on an affidavit of an expert in animal behavior who opines that "prohibition of all animals from the condominium units is more restrictive and burdensome than required to meet the statutory standard of preventing unreasonable interference with use of other units or the common areas." The affidavit points to animals such as goldfish and parakeets which "present[] no risk of interference of any kind to use of neighboring units or common areas." The argument misperceives both the thrust of the statute and the basic nature of condominium ownership.
Ownership of a condominium unit is a hybrid from of interest in real estate, entitling the owner to both "exclusive
ownership and possession of his unit, G. L. c. 183A, Section 4, and . . . an undivided interest [as tenant in common together with all the other unit owners] in the common areas . . . ." Kaplan v. Boudreaux, 410 Mass. 435 , 438 (1991). It affords an opportunity to combine the legal benefits of fee simple ownership [Note 5] with the economic advantages of joint acquisition and operation of various amenities including recreational facilities, contracted caretaking, and security safeguards. Central to the concept of condominium ownership is the principle that each owner, in exchange for the benefits of association with other owners, "must give up a certain degree of freedom of choice which he might otherwise enjoy in separate, privately owned property." Hidden Harbour Estates, Inc. v. Norman, 309 So. 2d 180, 182 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 1975). See Franklin v. Spadafora, 388 Mass. 764 , 769 (1983).
General Laws c. 183A, Section 11(e), permits restrictions on the use of residential units which are "designed to prevent" unreasonable interference by individual unit owners with the other owners' use of their respective units and the common areas and facilities. There is no prohibition against restrictions that, although patently designed to prevent such interference, also incidentally preclude generically similar uses that may not be as likely to encroach on the other owners' use of their units and the common areas and facilities. Close judicial scrutiny and possible invalidation or limitation of fundamentally proper but broadly drawn use restrictions, not expressly prohibited by the enabling statute, would deny to developers and unit owners the "planning flexibility" inherent in c. 183A. See Barclay v. DeVeau, 384 Mass. 676 , 682 (1981). In Franklin v. Spadafora, 388 Mass. at 769, the court upheld a by-law amendment restricting to two the number of condominium units which could be owned by one person or entity and noted that nothing in c. 183A prohibited
the type of general restriction at issue even if the court assumed that tenants would not be less responsible than owners. Id. at 768-769 & n.12. The court stated that, viewed as a compromise between the desires of the majority and the right of an individual owner to use property as he or she desires, "the amendment is a reasonable means of achieving the majority's proper goal." Id. at 769-770. See Woodvale Condominium Trust v. Scheff, 27 Mass. App. Ct. 530 , 534-535 (1989) (a condominium association may prohibit the operation of a family day-care business in a unit notwithstanding that the enterprise's interfering effect on other unit owners is "minor . . . modest[] . . . [and] benign. . . ").
"The most common standard of review [of condominium use restrictions] is equitable reasonableness." Goldberg, Community Association Use Restrictions: Applying the Business Judgment Doctrine, 64 Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 653, 655 (1988). Franklin v. Spadafora, 388 Mass. at 770-772, can be read to favor such a test. Its formulation is commonly attributed to Hidden Harbour Estates, Inc. v. Norman, supra, a Florida decision cited in both Franklin v. Spadafora, supra at 769, and Woodvale Condominium Trust v. Scheff, 27 Mass. App. Ct. at 533, and in which it is stated that: "the test is reasonableness. If a rule is reasonable the association can adopt it; if not, it cannot. It is not necessary that conduct be so offensive as to constitute a nuisance in order to justify regulation thereof." Hidden Harbour Estates, Inc. v. Norman, 309 So. 2d at 182. This approach recognizes the discretion of the majority of unit owners while at the same time limiting their rule-making authority to those matters "that are reasonably related to the promotion of the health, happiness and peace of mind of the unit owners." Hidden Harbour Estates, Inc. v. Basso, 393 So. 2d 637, 640 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 1981). We recognize that a somewhat different standard of review may be implicated where, in contrast to this case, a restriction is promulgated after the owner who is in violation of the rule acquires his unit. See Franklin v. Spadafora, supra at 772-774.
When enacting the pet restriction in issue, the trustees expressed concern with "pet problems." The record indicates that they had received several complaints involving dogs and one that concerned a boa constrictor. Unit owners are not required to conduct investigations or cite authority in order reasonably to conclude that the presence of pets within the condominium may interfere with their health, happiness, and peace of mind. [Note 6] It is a subject well within their common knowledge and competence. Also, considerations of efficient and even-handed enforcement support an absolute prohibition of all pets rather than a restriction limited to certain pets. Cf. Wilshire Condominium Assn., Inc. v. Kohlbrand, 368 So. 2d 629, 631 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 1979) (citing New York cases in which absolute dog prohibitions have been upheld as a matter of law). Any concern with procrustean effect is met by the provision giving the trustees discretion to permit a unit owner to keep a household pet.
A condominium use restriction appearing in originating documents which predate the purchase of individual units may be subject to even more liberal review than if promulgated after units have been individually acquired. The substance of the pet restriction in issue was part of the originating documents of the Weymouthport condominium. The master deed expressly made unit ownership subject to attached rules and regulations that contained the restriction. The 1979 incorporation of the restriction into the by-laws was undertaken primarily to better accommodate future enforcement. Constructive knowledge of the regulatory scheme of the condominium was chargeable to Murphy and Wilson as of the time they acquired their unit. See Tosney v. Chelmsford Village Condominium Assn., 397 Mass. 683 , 688 (1986).
There is sound basis for treating restrictions in the originating documents as being "clothed with a very strong presumption of validity which arises from the fact that each individual unit owner purchases his unit knowing of and accepting the restrictions to be imposed. Such restrictions are very much in the nature of covenants running with the land and they will not be invalidated absent a showing that they are wholly arbitrary in their application, in violation of public policy, or that they abrogate some fundamental constitutional right. . . . Indeed, a use restriction in [the originating documents] may have a certain degree of unreasonableness to it, and yet withstand attack in the courts." Hidden Harbour Estates, Inc. v. Basso, 393 So. 2d at 639-640. See also Natelson, Law of Property Owners Associations, Section 4.4.4, at 34 n.17 (1989 & Supp. 1991) (questioning the appropriateness of reasonableness review when the regulation in question was enacted prior to its opponents' acquiring ownership and was known by them at the time of acquisition). Also, unit owners, upon purchase, may pay a premium to procure what they regard as a beneficial restrictive scheme. Note, Judicial Review of Condominium Rulemaking, 94 Harv. L. Rev. 647, 653 (1981). Under this formulation, the value of meeting the reasonable expectations of original unit owners and enforcing their right to freely associate by contract with persons of like expectations outweighs the possibility that some owners may purchase into a condominium regime without actual notice and full understanding of its restrictions. Our appellate decisions appear to recognize the validity of this approach. See Tosney v. Chelmsford Village Condominium Assoc., 397 Mass. at 688; Woodvale Condominium Trust v. Scheff, 27 Mass. App. Ct. at 533. (developers may impose reasonable restrictions on condominiums under c. 183A "and persons who contemplate acquisition of a condominium unit can choose whether to buy into those restrictions"). Compare Note, Condominium Rulemaking -- Presumptions, Burdens and Abuses: A Call for Substantive Judicial Review in Florida, 34 U. Fla. L. Rev. 219, 227 & n.50 (1982) ("Because most buyers ignore or misunderstand disclosure statements, a
presumption of validity based on the unit owners' knowledge of [origination documents] rests on a practical fiction"); Note, Judicial Review of Condominium Rulemaking, 94 Harv. L. Rev. at 650-651. The defendants do not contend that there is any fundamental public policy or constitutional provision guaranteeing the right to raise, breed, or keep pets in a condominium. By insulating properly-enacted and evenly-enforced use restrictions contained in the master deed or original by-laws of a condominium against attack except on constitutional or public policy grounds, already crowded courts and the majority of unit owners who may be presumed to have chosen not to alter or rescind such restrictions will be spared the burden and expense of highly particularized and lengthy litigation. [Note 7]
2. Enforcement. Murphy and Wilson received ample and repeated notice of violation and reasonable opportunity to comply with the restriction. The record does not reveal a genuine issue of waiver of violation or of arbitrary, capricious, or discriminatory enforcement. That the trustees consistently and reasonably utilized a complaint-driven procedure for enforcement, which incidentally may have focused on pets observed outside the units, rather than on any which might have been kept within, does not give rise to any constitutional issues.
3. Fines and Fees. The defendants argue that the by-law provision which entitles the plaintiffs to recoup the "cost and expense" of eliminating by-law violations by an offending
unit owner does not include attorneys' fees. The expense provision is part of a valid contract between the parties. Barclay v. DeVeau, 11 Mass. App. Ct. 236 , 245 (Greaney, J., dissenting), S.C., 384 Mass. 676 (1981). Attorneys' fees generally constitute the most substantial component of the cost of enforcement and, therefore, would appear to be within the context of the word "expense" and the objective intent of the by-laws to shift the financial burden of successful enforcement to the offender. We need not rule on the question, however, since there is no indication in the record that the defendants raised the issue below or objected to the award of attorneys' fees. Edgar v. Edgar, 406 Mass. 628 , 629 (1990). The fines were in accord with the by-laws and were properly assessed by the defendants and included in the judgment.
[Note 2] Of the estate of Margaret Wilson. Margaret Wilson died while this appeal was pending. The executor of her estate has been substituted as a party pursuant to Mass.R.A.P. 30(a), 365 Mass. 878 (1974).
[Note 3] During the pendency of this appeal, the parties informed the court that the defendants no longer hold any interest in the unit in question as a result of a mortgage foreclosure sale. We were also informed during argument that the dogs which were the subject of the action were killed in the same accident which fatally injured Margaret Wilson. These events obviously rendered moot the issue of future compliance. The question of the validity of the pet restriction remains before us, however, because of its relationship to the issues of penalty and expense assessments discussed infra.
[Note 4] A similarly absolute pet restriction was before the Supreme Judicial Court in Johnson v. Keith, supra, but the issue of its validity was expressly left unanswered. Id. at 321. The court held that rules and regulations governing use of a condominium unit were unenforceable notwithstanding that they were incorporated by reference into the by-laws of the organization of unit owners of the condominium. It noted that the rules and regulations were not recorded with the by-laws and that they could be amended by other than a two-third vote of the unit owners, as required for a by-law amendment. The court, in effect, decided that restrictions relating to the use of a condominium unit as distinguished from those relating to use of the common areas and facilities must be contained in either the by-laws or master deed to be enforceable under G. L. c. 183A. The court noted that "this technicality may be corrected by appropriate action of the unit owners." Johnson v. Keith, supra at 320-321.
[Note 5] The Uniform Condominium Act approved by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws in 1977 defines "condominium" as meaning "real estate, portions of which are designated for separate ownership and the remainder of which is designated for common ownership solely by the owners of those portions." This Act has been adopted in ten states, but Massachusetts is not among them.
[Note 6] "Attitudes about pet animals are understandably passionate. One person's companion is another's nuisance. It is not necessary to approve or even sympathize with [the trustees'] position to acknowledge that an owner of . . . property may think it best for the property and for the preponderance of current and future [occupants] that there not be pet animals in the [condominium]." Clifford V. Miller, Inc. v. Rent Control Bd. of Cambridge, 31 Mass. App. Ct. 91 , 95 (1991).
[Note 7] We resist, as unnecessary to our decision, the plaintiffs' suggestion that we adopt the business judgment rule as the measure of the validity of the actions of a unit owners' organization. That rule, when applied, generally is invoked with respect to questions of the propriety of amendments to a preexisting regulatory scheme and essentially imposes fiduciary duties similar to those required of corporate directors. We recognize, however, that several States have adopted this standard and that it receives varying degrees of approval among commentators. See Hyatt, Condominium and Homeowner Association Practice: Community Association Law, Section 6.02(a)(1), at 212-218 (2d ed. 1988); Goldberg, Community Association Use Restrictions: Applying the Business Judgment Doctrine, 64 Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 653; Note, Judicial Review of Condominium Rulemaking, 94 Harv. L. Rev. at 664-667.
If you like what we are doing on Massive Voodoo and you want support us the best way to do so would be a donation via Paypal using the button below. We would appreciate support in any kind.
You can also support the painters of Massive Voodoo by checking the Boutique of lovely handpainted models that are on sale - click the banner to get directed:
We want to say many thanks to the following locations on this planet for their donation to the jungle heart:
do you remember the efforts the monkeys are putting in their Guild Ball Teams to play Guild Ball one day with painted models. Well, hard to remember as progress is mega slow, but nonetheless it is progress. Roman also did write a review on his full Guild Ball Team - you can find it here.
It is always interesting to observe Roman's thumb when he paints. Questions about color choices? You can find the answer on the thumb.
Great stuff :) I am working on my hunters as well - though I am doing a lot of resculpt on mine. Pretty excited. Thankyou for sharing !
Rumblings and goings on in the world of Mart - living on the bleeding edge, and sometimes falling over the side.
We aquired a DMA2100 a couple of months ago to replace our CAT-5 S-Video boxes, for some increased picture quality- it's an impressive little unit, but there are some issues..
There have been a number of posts on the GreenButton here that indicate that MS/Linksys didnt really think through the real-world behaviour of people's extenders and their MCE machines.
If your MCE machine goes to sleep between recordings (this is a good idea, as most PC's are 200w of your electicity bill all the time they're on), or because of a timed sleep due to inactivity, the extender has trouble 'waking' it again when you want to watch TV. We leave our DMA2100 on all the time (because it takes about a minute to start up when the power comes on)
1) The extender can't wake the PC (WOL doesnt work, but a directed 'ping' wake-up is supposed to) - but didnt work for our MCE machine. I solved this by using a Perl script on my Linksys NSLU2 linux box which is in an earlier post below.
2) Once the MCE machine was being woken when the TV was being switched on, we still had the issue that the extender didnt 'notice' that the PC was now on- and sat at the useless 'Extender Disconnected' screen - not very transparent.
The above issue is solved by simply pressing the 'Start' button on the MCE remote, this is handy because if the extender is at the disconnected screen ,or at the main menu, it 'just connects' if the PC is on, and also if it's already connected it takes the extender back to the main MCE menu each time.
We use a Harmony 525 Intelligent remote, and this can even be taught to 'send' a 'Start' key when the TV is powered on - the result is that the MCE home screen greets us every time the TV is powered on to watch TV... Perfect 8-)
So Linksys? how about a firmware update with proper Wake-On-Lan support? - and hey, while we're at it , how 'bout 'polling' that MCE machine on the network to see if it's there, and restarting the extender session?
Oh yes, then there's that irritating BRIGHT BLUE LED on the front - but black masking tape soon solves that one 8-)
If you've been reading closely, you'll have discovered an application on my blog for 'Sleeping' PC's on reciept of a configured Domia Lite / BBSB device code or event. Well, for some time, I've been pondering a solution to the other problem - that of 'waking up' PC's according to a Domia Lite command.
Now, you could take the brutal approach, and put a Domia Appliance Module on the power feed for your PC, but this would effectivley 'dump' the machine when the signal was recieved, though it would quite nicely wake (or boot) the machine when turned on, if you have a BIOS that supports power-on boot-up. (good luck with your data integrity on that one)
You can use Wake-on-Lan (WOL) to do this, but in order to do that, you need something that can send the WOL magic packet on reciept of a DLC code. Now, one day, Domia might add this to their controller (after all it's on all the time, and on the network) (hint hint hint domia), but until then, here's a perl script that you can run in the background on a Linux machine or device that will do the same job.
Once you're up and tested (replace 0123ABCDEF11 with your PC's MAC Address, and correct the DLC code - example above uses A1 ON), you can add this to your boot-up so it runs in the background by appending the line
Now, clearly if you run a 150w PC all the time with this, then it kind-of defeats the point of all this, but some small embedded linux device, like a Router, or Unslung Linksys NSLU2 can do the job just nicely.
Stay tuned for some more postings in Perl, as we build a Home Automation controller out of that handly NSLU2 that takes a whole 2watts of power 8-)
Oops, dumbo bug in the last build, meaning that if you wanted to send DLC commands from the application, you needed to specify your device codes with a trailing Zero.
Oops. Fixed in this build - thanks to StephenN for pointing out that it didnt work in the previous 1.0.22 build.
This new version of SleepTool is a masterpiece of unfinished work, it does however now have code in it to support sending of BBSB/Domia codes to the BBSB Online Controller.
I'd be interested in hearing from you if you've enhanced this or written any other Domia Lite code for other HA purposes.
I've had a few comments from readers about getting support for the BBSB Online Controller and related items.
I followed this up with Domia, and they confirm that they will respond within 24 hours on weekdays to e-mail support requests to 'Technical at SimplyAutomate .co .uk". - so if you have questions or issues with controllers , or the website service give that a try.
I'm also pleased to confirm that they tell me that the BBSB Controllers are only temporarily out of stock, and have not been pulled from their range ... hurray!
Further fuel to the rumour that actually B&Q's 'HomeEasy' range manufactured by Byron is actually spookily similar to Domia's Domia Lite range appeared today on Simply Automates new look online store:
Several people have posted on the net about them being similar, but I've not found any posts with lists of devices from the HE range that work with Domia Lite.... I'll keep looking, right up until I go to B&Q and pick up a few of the more interesting devices they have there...
On a more depressing note, I've been unable to find the famous BBSB Online Network controller mentioned in such a glowing light previously on the blog.
It appears that the controller (or rather all 4 flavours of it when it did exist) have been dropped from the SimplyAutomate store without trace, which I do hope isnt a sign that it's been axed from the Domia Range.... not good for us HA types, as we now have no way of talking to those lovely cheap Domia modules anymore 8-( ... or perhaps those nice B&Q Byron devices either.......
I couldn't resist trying out Windows Home Server recently, so I sent off for the 180day eval DVD set and it arrived the other day.
Interestingly, a lot of the useful features are quite straightforward to implement on a normal Windows XP or Vista workstation, or on Linux if you're that way inclined.
Access to the server remotley is under SSL encryption in your browser, thanks to a server SSL Certificate.
Enabling internet functionality on the server results in your own SSL Cert being automatically provisioned by GoDaddy, and it would appear that its actually granted to the home-server DNS name you set up, and not just *.homeserver.com - interesting. More interesting is that my trial server dies in 179 days, but my free SSL cert will last until 2013 8-) -- ironically, this is of course tied to myservername.homeserver.com, and therefore it's impossible to pay a DNS provider for any .homserver.com DNS name anyway because MS own that - so no free lunch here 8-(
I'm also surprised that the product doesnt offer some sort of certificate based two factor authentication - say a private certificate based set of folders that would not open without password and installed certificate perhaps?
Nope! - a brave move for a product that is essentially based on Windows 2003 server with some changes, You will be asked to open ports 80, 443 and a few others to enable RDP to your clients on your home network. To leave this for any period of time without a supported AV product installed and working is not a smart move- especially with all your data loaded on there.
OneCare would have been a nice build-in for this, but clearly not. At the time of writing Avast! have a WHS aware AV product. -so there are options already.
I call it X-Raid, but there are other names for it, this is essentially a form of 'RAID' that creates redundancy by spreading your data, and (I'm assuming) parity for it around over the disks you have installed, despite them being different sizes - nice, though there have been many comments on the forums saying that the server 'balances' between disks all the time especially if you hit it with a heavy upload of files - I suspect a later patch from the mothership will set this up so it only happens at set time windows for example.
This is 'software' RAID whatever way you look at it, and it will never really compete with a hardware based controller with caching etc, that you find in commercial servers, and I wonder if a hardware option would be better given many OEM's have spun WHS dedicated hardware already...
I've yet to add more than a single disk to my WHS, so a more in-depth comment on this will arrive here later once, I've seen it at work.
While at Tech-Ed I spoke to several MS staff regarding WHS and external network storage - many of us (including me) already invested in Home NAS devices (mine is a Synology CS107), which have redundant RAID on SATA disks already, and WHS's efforts are therefore less appealing to me - Sadly, MS told me a the time that there is no support for NAS'es, but as always, I set about working out how to share the folders on the NAS via the site regardless- my interest in WHS is remote access and backup primarily for now.
In actual fact , once you realise that a shared folder in WHS is resident on the D: drive of the server (your primary disk, 2nd partition if you have just the one ), and the neat folder interface is supplied by some ASP.NET in IIS on the machine, it becomes a little easier.
From what I can see, the actual interface shares the folder contents via some server-side code which cleary we probably cant force to show a non-local network share. (after all we're asking for 'share forwarding' something that windows cant do anyway).. except in IIS...
It is possible to create virtual directories in IIS to point to network locations, and this appears to work nicely as it does on any other windows IIS box.
Set up a virtual directory in IIS pointing to your remote system, I selected 'always validate the authenticated users credentials' which uses the user you logged in as (make sure they have a matching username and pw on the remote server, or NAS)
Where 'name' is the link name, uri is the path to the virtual dir you created (I put mine under remote), and imageUrl points to something pretty - like the graphics in the images folder)
When you click the links you do get the ugly IIS folder list, but there are 3rd party apps to make this look nice, and I'm not giving up just yet on adding it to the folder tab in the main site 8-)
If you're listening MS: Remote storage (E.g NAS'es) would be a nice supported feature, especially if you then consider making the WHS an embedded device with LOW power consumption and no moving parts 8-)
More on WHS later as I'm not done, with 178 days remaining, though I must say all it's done is made me think that my 'unslung' Linksys NSLU2 (Which uses a 1/10th of the electricity of my WHS) is capable of most of the functions I need, I may need to explore this further - if I do I'll post what I've built - think 'embedded WHS' with Linux 8-)
We have to be mindful that WHS is targeted at the average consumer, and for that it's a great solution, especially looking at the fine examples from the OEM market (HP, Tranquil etc), I suspect the geek movement are busy as we speak moving features onto this platform ..
Great news on the BBSB Online controller front -How to get controller events on your local Lan - something that has been a bit of a mystery to us.
Reader Marcus J has posted a comment on my earlier BBSB Online Review about how he set about writing his own software to control the BBSB controller device locally on his LAN. - While we'd already discovered how to 'control devices' by talking direct to the controller, he's cracked the event notification side which is even more useful , as the subscription BBSB online software which is currently able to send e-mails and Texts on events, but nothing that is extensible for those of us who want the events to go to our own apps and scripts.
Using a network packet analyser he discovered that whenever the device detects a RF signal it broadcasts a UDP packet to the broadcast IP of 255.255.255.255 with destination port of 53003 and the packet data is in format of "devicecommand:1e01:" for example where e1 has been turned on.
Marcus tells me this has enabled him to write his own macros to trigger other devices /emails/alerts etc whenever an event occurs.
He has also written a script plus php web front end to allow control of devices using a schedule all thanks to our earlier discovery on the URL format.
The script simply opens port 80 on the device and sends the necessary http header and url when a scheduled event occurs.
If anyone else has any clever ways of making use of this little controller, feel free to let us all know using the comments link below.
Yup, it's true - works like a charm - here's an updated SleepTool.exe, that can hear BBSB events from the controller on the network. It also has a simple way of mapping BBSB devices (switches, motion detectors - etc ) to executing stuff on your host PC so you can run an app when a detector is triggered etc - link to the code and binary. - Enjoy. (standard horrid-vb coding disclaimer applies 8-) ) - you can use this on multiple PC's to put them to sleep when you turn off the power, the app still supports all the functions of the previous version.
Also, when the controller is instructed by the BBSB website to turn on/off a device, Marcus's observation also applies - so a local packet with 'devicecommand:0A01:' is seen when the website turns off Device A1 for example. Finally, there looks to be some sort of heartbeat packet as well every 10-20 seconds, which contains all sorts of interesting stuff when the controller heart-beats to the BBSB mothership....
You'll all know that you can set the power management settings in Vista, and MCE2005 to Sleep/Hibernate your MCE PC when it's not being used, but this doesnt take account of 'fixed time events', like when you go to bed at night for example, and doesnt ensure that the MCE machine is 'awake' when you want it to be - like when you sit down to watch TV in the evening - of course if you have the right type of BIOS and motherboard you can wake it with the MCE remote..
I've added a few lines of code to make it accept command line parameters, but essentially it's all his work - nicely done.
This sleeps the PC immediatley (unless it's recording!) and wakes it up ready for me when I sit down to watch TV in the evening. (If the machine is recording or playing the sleep request is over-ridden by MCE and the request has no effect)
You can also tell the machine to 'hibernate' by swapping 'sleep' on the command line for 'hibernate', and use a relative time from the sleep point - so
A Little Home-Automation side-note. Our Domia Lite controller has had a firmware upgrade, and sadly has lost the ability for me to 'sniff' the events on the controller from it's local web-server. I currently have another nasty VB app called PingAction.exe (source/binary here if you want it), that I use on a scheduled event every 10 minutes - this pings the IP of my Slim Squeezebox and uses this to 'deduce' if I've gone to bed for the night or not (I turn off the Slim with the ByeBye Standby 'green switch' (See earlier blog post) - this is a very nasty crude way of 'telling' if I'm no longer wanting media center to be on - and the application then invokes the SleepTool to put it to sleep.
Domia (if you're reading) - this is plea for some public API's to your excellent web-based HA system and/or the controller itself- its great , but I'd love to be able to actually integrate some other software with it - currently I cant work out any other way! -- am I missing something?
My Vista Media Center machine has been in 'production' in the house for a good 5 months now, and apart from a few annoyances (see below), it's been relativley plain sailing.
Just when it was time to book in all the rubbish xmas TV recordings over the festive season, I got the ominous 'A critical Media Center process has failed' message.
If you search on the GreenButton, and other popular forums, you'll pretty much see that people are tearing their hair out on this one - everything from new motherboards to repeated rebuilds to try and get rid of it.
Now, being from a SW engineering background, I'm not sure who in the ivory tower decided it was a good idea to present this as a modal dialog to the end-user on the 10-foot interface, rather than log something useful in the event logs, or even (gasp) 'report' the issue and get a fix for it, but here is story from my perspective, and what it led to:
Recordings.xml was about 1.5MB, and had about 2 years worth of series recordings, in fact it was moved over from the MCE2005 machine using Ian Dixons 'MCEBackup' utility, which works really well.
About every 30 minutes, usually when using the Recorded TV page the message appeared, and the machine stuttered for a few minutes, then came back to life.
The machine started recording two scheduled shows, and then 'stuck' - the shows were (alledgedly) still recording the next day.
I dont understand what actually caused this, but I remedied with the following steps. If you want to actually keep all those series settings that you have booked in, then use Ian's MCEBackup utility to back them up before you continue.
I skipped the restore, and booked the ones I wanted to keep in again using the keyboard, I suspect that 'series bloat' is more than a contributing factor here.
The recording disk space limit in the settings menu doesnt appear to work all the time - MCE went 'over' it's disk space budget, and when it's done this, it appears to refuse to delete shows that are old (which is the intended mechanism to make disk space)
'Something' is going on with the Recordings.xml file - given that this is a fairly simple 'dump' of the booked in recordings I'm not sure what.
finally, the crash reporting on my machine doesnt appear to be reporting anything - I doubt that it has reported the 433 crashes to the mother ship - if this due to the nature of the issue, then I suspect it might not be hugely understood back in Redmond.
Its a real shame that this particular issue is not well understood and patched already, as it may even be spreading like rot across the MCE Vista community (!).
So, my feature request for 2008, is that there be an update to Windows Home Server, that incorporates Media Center 'server side' functionality - so that the machine can be used as a media center via the new v2 Media Center Extenders - this way the MC becomes more 'appliance' like, there are less pathces and updates required (because there is less 'clag' on the machine), and it's therefore more stable... it will be interesting if this becomes a reality .. I suspect (as others do) that this will be a future version.. 8-(
I'm a geek basically. If you want to contact me, please leave a feedback posting with your details and I'll get back to you.
Several people have blogged about their solution to publishing their electricity usage online. Here's our solution: Using a CurrentCost Classic, a cool little Linksys NSLU2 (Unslung), and Pachube, the excellent cloud based sensor monitoring service.
Quite a few folks are activley monitoring using this hardware solution, but I think this solution gets the 'quick and dirty' award, as very little else is needed, the data is collected and posted using a little shell script, with no need for perl, ruby or other such stuff.
We got the older CurrentCost Classic as the serial data comes out a little slower (9600baud) than the newer, shiny CC128 model, which suited hooking it up to stuff that cant swallow the data rate of the newer model.
Get the CurrentCost USB cable as well, it has a USB/Serial converter built in , which you'll need unless you already have a separate one (CurrentCost serial port is 5v RS232, so hooking it up to a serial port directly will get you nothing or magic smoke 8-( )
Hook your CurrentCost to the spare USB port on the NSLU2 (it should also work on a hub btw, but the device below may be different to mine.)
Try this filthy script out - you'll need to edit it, to replace: YOUR_PACHUBE_API_KEY with your actual Key from your pachube account, and also your YOUR_FEED_ID in this file to get it to work. - I just have two integer values, one for watts, one for temp on this feed.
Two little scripts are provided get-watts , and get-temp which should just echo the data from the CurrentCost to the console, as well as update-pachube which does the biz to the pachube service.
Footnotes: You may need to do some ipkg install magic on the NSLU2, you need grep, sed, cut and curl I forget which ones are in the slugos already.
The NSLU2 is a great platform for this type of stuff, the power consumption is less than 3w according to our killawatt, with processing power to spare, for ..... more stuff in the near future 8-)
UPDATE: An abusive co-worker who is attempting to follow my vague and inaccurate posting has reminded me that there are two missing steps in this post:
picocom - 1.4-1 - A minimal dumb-terminal emulation program. (you will want this to see what is happening on the com port from the current cost)
You need to install the PL2303 kernel module so the USB-To-Serial cable is recognised. (following http://www.nslu2-linux.org/wiki/Peripherals/USB2Serial worked for my official currentcost cable) - after doing this check with dmesg for the name of the serial port to point to for your data.
Ok smart arse :-) I thought I was begining to win with this, but you mention packages to install (cut and curl) that don't exist when I try to add them. If I run any of the scripts, they complain about opt/bin/head and cut not being found.
Also just noticed you wrote the home easy --> Arduino stuff - that really helped me on this project to! (Using an arduino to control my heating. Need a source to tell me current temp and the current cost looks like a good way to get that data).
Ross, if you have a CC128 then you probably need the stty commands I just posted this morning. Coincidently another reader dropped me a line to say they had figured it out.
Your corrupted data below is just an incorrect baud rate - by default the serial port is opened at 9600 baud, if you have a CC128 or newer model you need 57600 - check the new post.
Thanks for the post. I have the classic though so don't think that's my problem. Bought an envi to see if I can get that working!
It definatley sounds like a baud rate issue - have you tried it under windows with putty etc on different baud rates - i did read that some CC units have slightly higher baud rates instead of the defaults - the timing you're talking about every 6 seconds is definatley the CC putting out the XML, so either baud rate issues or you may have a faulty CC unit?
Copper Unit of Bhadra & Mitra Dynasty of Punch Marked Coin of Vidarbha Kingdom. Closed Time: September 26, 2014 13:00:00
Copper Karshapana of Vidarbha Region of Mauryan Cast Copper. Closed Time: September 26, 2014 13:00:00
Three Copper Units of Western Maharastra Region of Khandesh. Closed Time: September 26, 2014 13:00:00
Copper Unit of Bhadra & Mitra Dynasty of Kingdom of Vidarbha. Closed Time: September 26, 2014 13:00:00
Copper Unit of Bhadra & Mitra Dynasty of Krishnamitra of Vidarbha Kingdom. Closed Time: September 26, 2014 13:00:00
prefabricated wood storage sheds prefab canada simple o convenient affordable garages,prefab wooden sheds for sale wood canada prefabricated shed kits backyard rooms studios storage home office studio,prefab wood sheds bc prefabricated best storage for sale ideas on shed plans canada,prefab wood sheds ontario canada wooden for sale prefabricated storage shed kit buildings,prefabricated wood storage sheds prefab shed kits premade custom outdoor buildings garden garages,factory outlet blog of storage sheds garages and carports prefab wood canada prefabricated shed kits,prefabricated wood shed kits premade storage sheds how to prepare your site for a prefab outdoor living today bc,prefab wood sheds ontario prefabricated storage garden gazebo kits cedar buildings,prefab wooden sheds for sale wood canada prefabricated fab storage built fabricated backyard,prefab wood sheds bc backyard discovery the home depot prefabricated storage.
The kitchen is the heart of any home. Lone Star Remodeling will transform your kitchen into the focal point you've always wished it would be. When you have friends or family over, you'll be proud to show them your new kitchen.
Convolutional Neural Networks define an exceptionally powerful class of models, but are still limited by the lack of ability to be spatially invariant to the input data in a computationally and parameter efficient manner. In this work we introduce a new learnable module, the Spatial Transformer, which explicitly allows the spatial manipulation of data within the network. This differentiable module can be inserted into existing convolutional architectures, giving neural networks the ability to actively spatially transform feature maps, conditional on the feature map itself, without any extra training supervision or modification to the optimisation process. We show that the use of spatial transformers results in models which learn invariance to translation, scale, rotation and more generic warping, resulting in state-of-the-art performance on several benchmarks, and for a number of classes of transformations.
STN is a differentiable module which applies a spatial transformation to a feature map during a single forward pass, where the transformation is conditioned on the particular input, producing a single output feature map. For multi-channel inputs, the same warping is applied to each channel.
The localization network： takes the original image as an input and outputs the parameters of the transformation we want to apply.
You may have loved ones who will help you out in a time of need, no matter what your situation is. In that case, this is probably the first solution to consider.
The advantage is that you don’t have to fill out applications, have your credit checked, or deal with a company that may charge you high fees. In fact, your friends or family may not charge you any interest for making you a loan (but it’s polite to offer them something, even if it’s just to do them a small favor).
One big disadvantage to borrowing money from someone you know is that they want to know why you need it, and you may have to explain your situation. That’s not always easy to do.
Another disadvantage is that word may get around, if they can’t keep your problems to themselves. Even friends and family like to gossip about their loved ones.
Also, you may have to listen to all their advice about how to save more money, how to get a better job, what to do with your life, and every other “helpful” bit of information they feel a need to tell you. But that’s just the price you pay for borrowing money from people you know.
Finally, the biggest disadvantage is what could happen if you can’t pay back the loan – or can’t pay it back quickly enough. That could ruin your friendship or family relationship, so consider this carefully before borrowing money from them.
If you have something of value that you’d like to keep, and you think you’d have the money soon to buy it back, you can try pawning it. The danger there is that you won’t have enough money in time to get it back.
If you have things you want to get rid of, you can try holding a yard sale, sell your items through the newspaper, or even sell them online on eBay.
The disadvantage is that you don’t know if you’ll be able to sell your things, and it may take some time. Also, you may have expenses involved if you have to run an ad in the paper.
This isn’t exactly getting cash. It’s more like getting a temporary stay of execution. Still, it may help you get past a temporary cash crisis.
The advantage is that you don’t have to get a loan or sell your valuables. Instead, you just ask for more time to pay your bills. Some creditors may be willing to work with you and arrange a different payment plan.
The disadvantage is that your creditors may charge you for this service. And you still may have to pay late charges or higher interest rate. Or they may just laugh in your face for asking. But it’s worth a try.
The advantage of this is that you don’t have to talk to anyone, fill out an application, or get approved. You’re borrowing money from the credit card company, and they’ve already approved you for a credit line up to a certain amount.
Of course, this solution assumes you have a credit card, that you haven’t maxed it out, or that you’re willing to pay the high fees and extra charges. Typically, credit cards charge a “transaction fee” for a cash advance and they charge a higher interest on cash advances than they do on normal purchases. That’s one disadvantage.
Plus, a lot of us don’t have clean enough credit to get credit cards. Or we just don’t want to be sucked into the world of yearly “membership” fees, or worry about late charges if we miss the payment deadline by a few hours. And some credit cards charge huge interest rates. You can end up paying hundreds of dollars for the “privilege” of using your credit card.
With this service, the bank covers any checks you write where you don’t have enough money in your account.
The disadvantage is that you still end up paying fees. But instead of paying fees for bounced checks, you pay fees for the bank to cover your overdrafts. And that can cost you a bundle!
Some plans have fees as high as $35 per overdraft. What this means is that the bank is really making you a high-interest loan. That is, they charge you for the use of their money (by covering your check when you don’t have enough in your account). And they may only cover you for a few hundred dollars. After that, they start bouncing your checks.
It can be good to have overdraft protection for when you accidentally write a check when the money isn’t there. But don’t use it as a roundabout way to get a loan from the bank. You’ll end up paying too much for this.
Once you’ve tried other ways to raise the money you need, you can try getting a loan from your bank or through companies that offer payday loans (also called check advance loans or cash advance loans).
Getting a loan from your bank can be the better choice because you’ll probably be able to borrow the money at a good interest rate, and you don’t have to pay it back right away.
However, this can be the most difficult loan to get. Banks prefer to make loans to businesses, or for specific projects such as a home improvement loan. They rarely give loans to people who just need some cash to tide them over until next payday.
A payday loan company will advance you some cash right away, and you don’t have to pay them back until your next payday. The disadvantage is that these loans are only for people who receive a regular paycheck or benefit check.
– If you can’t pay back the loan on the next payday, you can roll the loan over until the following payday.
The Greatest Incentive To encourage yourself to budget money is important, as without the motivation, you will probably not budget that well. What incentive can there Read More »
1. Have you ever noticed how much time you spend sitting in front of the television? The longer you sit, the worse it is for your Read More »
People differ in their artistic taste. A piece of art that might not appeal to me might be the favorite piece of someone else. There are Read More »
# Borrow from a friend or family member You may have loved ones who will help you out in a time of need, no matter what Read More »
Ebenizer Scrooge of Dicken’s The Christmas Carol was very wealthy for his time, but before meeting the three ghosts of Christmas past, present and future, he Read More »
# Avoid Temptations If you have a particular weakness, and we all do, just stay away from it. If you love shopping, stay out of the Read More »
If you want to possibly save hundreds of dollars a year on your electric bill, make sure that any new appliances you buy are energy efficient. Read More »
The next time you reach for your car keys ask yourself: ‘Do I really need to drive?’ Every trip to the store does not require car Read More »
Give a millionaire a dollar and they will do something predictable: They will display the discipline not to spend it. That dollar will be deposited into Read More »
1. Understand the way that you both look at money. If you and your spouse have different beliefs when it comes to money matters, sit down Read More »
1. Budget – Get one and stick with it! And set aside at least a small portion for savings while you’re at it; savings for your Read More »
I’ve been around Adsense, and here long enough to know that fluctuations in clicks, ctr etc can be caused by almost anything, and jumping to conclusions is a pointless excercise.
However, I have made one change to my website that seems to have made a difference to all of the above, and a subsequent rise in income.
Most of my site visitors are in the US, but as I’m located in the UK so was my web hosting. I figured it didn’t really matter where the host was. I have recently moved hosting to the US for a variety of reasons including the fact that most of my visitors are there, and it just might give them a faster load time to the pages. I guess that the pages load faster in the US now - they are certainly loading faster here.
Interestingly enough, the effect was immediate once the domain had transferred. ctr and clicks went up. I’ve always kept the pages minimalist so as to provide faster loading times - especially the main index page. If the assumptions are correct, then it would appear that the load times are pretty crucial to if a visitor stays, and if they click or not!
The annual supercomputing (SC) show is always the week before the US Thanksgiving holiday. This schedule is a “Good Thing” as I always need a slow week at home to digest all the new and exciting news. I want to go on record stating “taking it easy week” has nothing to do with the late night activities that seem to be occurring in Austin last week. As matter of fact, for us writer types, it takes some time to wade though all the announcements and press releases that emerge during the show. I often wonder if maybe the biggest breakthrough is often lost in the deluge of announcements that rain down during the show. Correspondingly, there seems to be a drought in the months leading up to the show as companies withhold news in anticipation of SC.
While I am talking about press releases, I find many of them quite funny. There are generally two kinds. Those that actually have some news and those that seem to fall into the putting cosmetics on certain farm animals category. There is one rule, however, you must have a press release each year at SC. You must drive the attendees to the booth for the latest and greatest, or was it the free T-shirts. In any case, it is part of the “event.” The one thing that I find most amusing is the opening line of most press releases. It often goes something like this,
I often wonder how there can be so many leaders in the market. Doesn’t anybody follow anymore? Just once I would like to see something like the following,
The Other Widget Company, a company that is not the leader, but has nicer people and is coming along quite well thank you very much, announces …
If someone wrote a press release like that, why, why it would be news. People might actually look at it and conclude that this company has certain honesty about it and maybe show some interest in the rest of the release. So much for my Andy Rooney moment.
Let’s get back to the show. I always preface any discussion of my “SC Experience” with the condition that I only talk about what I saw or touched. I do not re-quote press releases, although I do read them. With this in mind, I will undoubtedly miss some news or event that you or your company deem worthwhile. I suppose it is the luck of the draw. In any case, this year the emphasis seemed to be on co-processors — both GPGPU and FPGA types. There was of course the announced availability of the new (and better performing) Shanghai 45nm processor from AMD, but they were also pushing the “Fusion” concept at the show. AMD has a good white paper about “heterogeneous processors” or Fusion idea. Toward the end they even devote a small text box to “The Looming Crisis” (that would be the parallel software crisis for those that don’t follow my ranting about this issue). There was also much buzz about Intel Nehalem as well.
I manged to stop by the IBM booth to see a fully populated iDataPlex. Most importantly, I got to see the rear door heat exchanger. This thing is cool, no pun intended. Think of it as a large car radiator on the back of your rack. My prediction is that this will enable iDataPlex clusters to live in places that were never before possible, provided you can run chilled water.
As I mentioned, the GPGPUs were popping up everywhere. Nvidia Tesla and CUDA solutions were out in full force — including many desktop Tesla systems from hardware vendors. As I understand, Scott Morton of Hess Corporation had some nice geophysics performance numbers to report at the CUDA tutorial held on Monday. AMD/ATI was also making some announcements about their FireStream GPU boards. For programming, they are pushing Brook+ (AMDâ€™s modified Brook open source compiler) for now, but seem to be talking up OpenCL as the way forward. OpenCL is a language for programming heterogeneous data and task parallel computing across GPUs and CPUs. I sense a software battle looming in the near future.
While we are talking software, I want to mention the most interesting thing I saw at the show. I often visit Henry Dietz at the Aggregate.org booth to see some of the more leading edge research in HPC. Professor Dietz and his crew have developed a way to program SIMD GPGPU processors using a MIMD model. If you don’t know what SIMD or MIMD are, just remember, MIMD is what we want, but SIMD is what video cards give us. I’ll be watching this closely.
There were many more software companies touting tools for co-processor programming/computing. I’ll look at some of these in future columns, but one new company that caught my attention was Convey — which is supposed to sound a lot like Convex. For those who don’t remember, Convex was a supercomputer company co-founded by Steve Wallach. It turns out that Convey is a kind of a new Convex and is made up of mostly people from ex-Convex (ex-cons) including Wallach (Convex was purchased by HP in 1995). Their new product is an integrated hardware and software solution called the HC-1 or as they call it a “hybrid-core computer.” Essentially the HC-1 is a standard Xeon motherboard and a set of FPGAs that function like a vector processor. This vector unit connects directly into a standard Intel Xeon processor socket and provides a cache-coherent shared virtual memory. While other similar designs have been proposed, the unique aspect of this system is the integrated compiler suite that automatically vectorizes code. That is, a user can take a standard Fortran, C or C++ code, recompile it, and run it on the HC-1 for additional performance (up to 16X). Of course it all depends on how well the code vectorizes, but the idea is to minimize program changes and allow a much simpler and well known programming model.
Of course, there was plenty of “Cloud Computing Ready” hardware and software at the show. If you peal back the cloud computing labels you may see those “Grid Ready” lables that were so popular in years past. I’ll have more on the cloud thing in the future. For now, I’ll settle back and enjoy reading the market leading news from the market leading companies that have market leading products.
I have read several good stuff here. Definitely worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how much effort you put to create such a wonderful informative web site.
Hmm it seems like your website ate my first comment (it was super long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I had written and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to the whole thing. Do you have any suggestions for rookie blog writers? I’d definitely appreciate it.
Versatile and easy-to-ride, the Nalu series features a classic longboard shape ideal for anything from flatwater cruising, fitness training and waveriding. A solid one-board solution, Nalus offer a recessed deck and full rails—increasing stability while maintaining performance. The Nalu 11’0” GTW features a versatile design for classic longboard surfing performance, touring and flatwater cruising. It has been fine-tuned with decreased volume in the nose and tail areas, resulting in an extremely responsive board with easy maneuverability.
Your motion capture partner since 1989. We provide tools & expertise in sports performance, gait, engineering, marine, equine, VR & medical applications.
Qualisys will be supporting local Swedish University @ChalmersSports during their annual #DatEIT Event, we hope to…
Lrt, seeing the new alita trailer made me cry 😭💘💘💘💘 It looks so good!!!!!! Alita is one of my biggest heroes. I am…
If you are or have owned this car brand, please share your experience, indicating the strengths and weaknesses of the car. Perhaps your feedback will help others to choose the right one choose used car.
the indian government still largely drives the indian economy. it still decides the course and extent of wealth creation and distribution. the organized public sector is still the highest paying and the largest employer (employee strength: 18 million) in the country. and its employees still constitute the largest segment of the market for goods and services produced by the organized private sector in the country. together, those who run the organized public sector (which includes the government) and the organized private sector represent the most fortunate sections of the indian economy. who are they?
last year (2007-08), the finance minister estimated that he'd have to spend nearly 46,400 crore rupees on the salaries, allowances and travel expenses of nearly 33 lakh central government employees. this apart from the nearly 8,000 crores to be incurred on their pensions. by various estimates, not more than 25-30% of those employees are dalit, adivasi, obc and muslim. which means the central budget takes care of around 24 lakh upper caste hindu families, directly, through, say, 45,000 crores (most of the reserved classes and the minorities are in class 3 & 4 jobs so their average salaries would be low, of course). the state governments, public sector enterprises (owned by the centre and the states), nationalized banks etc., take care of (assuming a similar share, as in the central government, for the upper castes) another 115 lakh families or so. would their wage and allowances and incidental expenses bill come to another, say, 1,50,000 crores (let's assume the salaries are lower in the states and the psus)? the organized private sector chips in with its own contributions to support another 65 lakh families (of a total 9 million). would that amount to a combined wage bill of 90,000 crores (the average private sector salaries are lower than the salaries in the public sector, by some estimates)? add to these numbers, the large defence establishment of the country, whose size varies, according to some estimates, from 2-3 million. let's go for the conservative estmate, 2 million. its combined salary and pension bill runs to another 65,000 crores. let's assume, again, that the upper caste hindus make up around 70% (only) of total employees (which means 1.4 million of 2 million) in this sector of organized employment too and their wage bill amounts to, say, (only) 45,000 crores.
what does all that mean? well, looking closely, all those facts (assumed yes, but they're not far off the mark, in my view) read together with the history of independent india in the last sixty years seem to indicate that one of the main objectives of the indian state, through its policies and pursuits, is to fund the lives of: around 14 million families of upper caste hindus directly, and through them, the lives of another 6.5 million families of upper caste hindus indirectly. or, totally, around 20.5 million upper caste hindu families. last year, it gifted each of those 20.5 million families an assured, average paycheck of around rs.1,61,000 (rs.3,30,000 crores divided by 20.5 million employees). 20.5 million families mean around 106 million individuals (the average indian family size is around 5.2 individuals). or around 71% to 53% or 42% (depending on three varying estimates of their size: 150 million, 200 million and 250 million) of all upper caste individuals in the country.
after these 106 million individuals are taken care of, the rest of the budget is all about dressing up all other efforts of the government to take care of the other 44 or 94 or 144 million of upper caste hindus in the country, in widely acceptable egalitarian garb.
I'm preparing an online blog directory of blogs being maintained by Indians and people of Indian origin. Whenever you get some time, please submit a few details at http://indianblogdirectory.com/add-new-blog.php.
thanks for the comment. and i think the directory is a good idea. i wish you great luck with this effort. yes, i'll submit my details.
The 2018 IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship might be the most anticipated season yet, with several key storylines already developing.
The first in a series of articles, here are 10 big questions surrounding the WeatherTech Championship Prototype class heading into next season. Join the conversation with #IMSA2018P and give us your answers on IMSA's Facebook and Twitter.
One of the biggest storylines to develop throughout 2017 was the return of Acura and Team Penske to Prototype racing. Armed with an all-star lineup of recent IndyCar stars Helio Castroneves and Juan Pablo Montoya alongside WeatherTech Championship Prototype champions from the past two years in Dane Cameron (2016) and Ricky Taylor (2017), expectations will be high.
How will Castroneves and Montoya adapt to life as full-time sports car racers? How will they mesh with their ultra-fast and proven co-drivers? How will the brand-new car perform?
2. Who will join Jordan Taylor in the No. 10 Konica Minolta Cadillac DPi and can they repeat the team’s championship-winning performance?
When the new era of Prototype competition made its debut in 2017, no one got off to a better start than the No. 10 Konica Minolta Cadillac DPi-V.R team. Full-season co-drivers, and brothers, Ricky and Jordan Taylor won the first five races of the season, including their first Rolex 24 At Daytona victory and a win at the Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring. Their Rolex 24 victory came alongside four-time Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series champion Jeff Gordon and popular Italian racer Max Angelelli in his final race as a driver.
They built what ended up being an insurmountable lead in the championship standings, clinching the title by starting the season finale at Road Atlanta. Since then, however, Ricky Taylor has moved to Acura Team Penske, leaving open a coveted seat on a championship-winning team.
Who will fill it? Will they be able to develop instant chemistry with Jordan Taylor? And can this team repeat against what appears to be even tougher competition in 2018?
Mazda and Joest Racing shocked the sports car racing world this past summer when they announced the formation of Mazda Team Joest. Since then, we haven’t seen the Mazda RT24-P DPi car on a racetrack publicly, but every so often we catch a brief glimpse, a few seconds of video from testing here and there.
By linking up with one of the world’s most successful teams in sports car racing history, Mazda has doubled down to make its program a consistent winner. So, the question is, will it work? How will the upgraded Mazda DPi car perform? What will the driver lineup look like? When will we see the Mazda DPi in Victory Lane for the first time?
The two-car Tequila Patrón ESM team finished the 2017 season as strong as any Prototype team, scoring the first victory for the Nissan DPi program with co-drivers Pipo Derani and Johannes van Overbeek taking the win at Road America in August aboard the team’s No. 22 entry.
At the Motul Petit Le Mans earlier this month, the team’s other car, the No. 2 Nissan DPi shared by full-season drivers Ryan Dalziel and Scott Sharp and special guest star – 24 Hours of Le Mans and FIA WEC champion Brendon Hartley – closed out the year with a victory. After a somewhat late start, especially compared to other DPi programs, those victories would seem to indicate that this team is ready to contend throughout 2018.
So, will they? How strong will van Overbeek and Derani be in their first full season after Derani joined the squad full-time midway through the 2017 season? Will a full year’s worth of experience with the Nissan DPi put Dalziel and Sharp onto the podium with regularity?
Action Express Racing dominated the first three years of the WeatherTech Championship Prototype class, winning championships in 2014 and ’15 with the No. 5 Mustang Sampling Corvette DP and co-drivers Christian Fittipaldi and Joao Barbosa, and the 2016 title with Eric Curran and Dane Cameron in the No. 31 Whelen Engineering Corvette DP. Shifting to new Cadillac DPis in 2017, both teams won races this year and were championship contenders, but were overpowered by the No. 10 team in the season-long title fight.
However, the team maintained its stranglehold on the Tequila Patrón North American Endurance Cup, winning its fourth straight with the No. 5 team. So, will this team return to the top of the WeatherTech Championship Prototype heap in 2018?
How will the team’s new driver lineups – with Barbosa now sharing the No. 5 for the full year with 2017 endurance teammate Filipe Albuquerque and ex-F1 racer Felipe Nasr co-driving the No. 31 Cadillac DPi with Curran to replace the Penske-bound Cameron – fare? Will the No. 5 team, which will continue to include Fittipaldi for all four enduros, make it five straight Patrón Endurance Cups?
In 2017, the No. 90 VISIT FLORIDA Racing team was the first to put a new LM P2 car on the WeatherTech Championship podium, placing third in the season-opening Rolex 24 At Daytona with its Multimatic/Riley chassis.
Midway through the year, the team switched to a Ligier LM P2 machine, which paid dividends when Renger van der Zande pulled off the pass of the year around Dane Cameron at the top of Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca’s famed “Corkscrew” to win the penultimate round of the season for himself, co-driver Marc Goossens and the Daytona Beach-based team. It also was the first new LM P2 car to win a WeatherTech Championship race.
What will 2018 bring? Will the team continue with the Ligier LM P2 car? Will the team switch back to Multimatic/Riley with offseason upgrades expected? Is yet another new car on the horizon?
One of the bigger breakthroughs in the 2017 WeatherTech Championship season was the performance of the Minnesota-based JDC-Miller Motorsports team. The team’s bright yellow No. 85 ORECA LM P2 earned the nickname, “The Banana Boat” and is piloted by and its full-season co-drivers, Stephen Simpson and Misha Goikhberg. They captained the ship to some strong midyear performances, including runner-up results in both the Sahlen’s Six Hours of The Glen and the Mobil 1 SportsCar Grand Prix at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park.
Will the No. 85 duo take the final step in 2018 and stand atop the victory podium? What effect will the team’s planned expansion to a second ORECA LM P2 machine have on the team’s performance in 2018?
CORE autosport and co-drivers Jon Bennett and Colin Braun were multi-time champions and perennial front-runners for several seasons in the Prototype Challenge class before switching to a Porsche in the GT Daytona (GTD) class in 2017. It’s safe to say the team’s results weren’t quite what they hoped for through most of the season – although they did contend for a victory at Mazda Raceway. In 2018, CORE will return to its roots with a new ORECA LM P2 entry in the Prototype class.
How quickly will this team readjust to the differences in style between Prototype and GT racing? Braun is known as one of the fastest drivers around – come to think of it, there’s a Daytona International Speedway world record with his name on it, which may indicate he’s THE fastest. How will he stack up against the likes of Montoya, the Taylors, Cameron, Albuquerque, etc.?
We’ve mentioned a few LM P2 programs already, but it appears there likely will be several more on the grid in 2018. PR1/Mathiasen Motorsports made the step up from the PC class to Prototypes in 2017 with a Ligier LM P2 machine this year. Will Performance Tech Motorsports – which won the final WeatherTech Championship PC title this year – and perennial PC competitors BAR1 Motorsports follow suit next year?
We saw D3+Transformers Racing announce its plans for a Ligier LM P2 car in 2018, so are there other full-season newcomers in the pipeline? Will Rebellion Racing return with its ultra-fast ORECA? We know United Autosports is planning to compete at Daytona, how many other LM P2 teams will we see in the 36 Hours of Florida and/or the Patrón Endurance Cup?
If you’re a fan of the WeatherTech Championship, you’ve likely seen at least some of the conversation lately around a couple of Formula 1 World Champions – namely Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso – and the possibility that they may compete in one, some or all of the races next year.
Button, the 2009 F1 World Champion, has gone on the record and identified the WeatherTech Championship as the place where he wants to continue his driving career. Will somebody give him that opportunity in 2018? If so, will he do the full season? The Patrón Endurance Cup rounds? The Rolex 24?
For two-time World Champion Alonso, his full-time 2018 plans are set with McLaren in Formula 1, but the door seems open for him to race in the Rolex 24. Will he do it? If so, will he compete with United Autosports, which was founded by Zak Brown, who currently is the Executive Director for McLaren and who also was the architect for Alonso’s ballyhooed Indianapolis 500 run this past May?
Of course, the answers to some of these questions may come in the next few days, with others coming in the next few weeks or months. Others could take a bit longer to answer, maybe as long as the entire 2018 season. The only thing we know for sure is we’ll have all the answers once the checkered flag falls on the Motul Petit Le Mans on the evening of Oct. 13, 2018.
Our first championship of this great set of Saturday races is the highly anticipated college men’s four mile relay. This event dates back to 1896.
We have a number of excellent teams, including Providence, Arkansas, Michigan, Iona, Virginia, and Villanova.
At the first handoff, its Michigan, Arkansas and Virginia in an unofficial 4:05. We have a very tight group of about 7 runners at the first exchange. After one lap of the 2nd leg, it’s a surprising Cornell team in the lead, with 9 teams together. Providence is now creating some separation in the pack, taking Virginia and Arkansas as we approach the 2nd exchange.
After two legs, we have Providence, Arkansas and Virginia about 30 meters on the field. Virginia has taken over the lead halfway through the 3rd leg, but we still have the three teams together. One to go and its Arkansas and Virginia moving away, with Providence, Nova and Cornell trying to hang in there.
With an excellent last 100 meters, Arkansas has opened up a significant lead, with Virginia about 40 meters back, and then the other three another 20 meters back.
McClary brings it home in a very convincing victory for the Razorbacks. 16:16.11 was the winning time. Virginia runs 16:22 to hold off Providence, who also ran 16:22.
Josh Seeherman is a civil engineer up in Boston. A former 400m runner for the host Penn Quakers and still an active runner for the Greater Boston Track Club, Seeherman brings an enthusiasm that is either infectious or annoying, depending on individual taste. Despite being three or four decades younger than the rest of the Relays' serious track historians, he thinks he can discuss the 400m semifinals of the Melbourne Olympics of 1952 with the best of them, even though he can't. Seeherman, along with Sands, are the main event bloggers. His favorite moment at the Penn Relays was watching his high school alma mater (Newton North, Mass.) win the DMR in 2005, especially cool since his high school coach had been part of a winning college 4x400 for Villanova in 1959.
Mid-February...the time of year many Washingtonians start dreaming of a Hawaiian vacation. With few exceptions, the gray has been here to stay for the last several weeks. Even though a ridge of high pressure is nudging into the Northwest, it wasn't strong enough Saturday to successfully scrub out the cloud deck. Overcast skies hung on for most of us throughout our Saturday, and highs topped out in the middle to upper 40s around the Sound (with Olympia shooting ahead to the 50-degree mark). Light drizzle fell from the low clouds, with minimal amounts of rain recorded in Bellingham, Forks, and at Sea Tac.
We should dry out and clear out somewhat overnight, so lows will still drop into the 30s by dawn. Some spots in the South Sound will hover near freezing early on, and with patchy fog, freezing fog could still make for some black ice around sunrise.
Sunday afternoon should prove a bit brighter and slightly warmer as the high builds in further. Afternoon temperatures will hover near 50° where the blue sky is able to overtake the gray.
The high breaks down on Monday, and increasing clouds will bring an increasing chance for showers by Monday afternoon. A second storm should result in a wet and breezy Tuesday. Highs early in the week should be seasonable--upper 40s--for this time of year.
Showers and sunbreaks will mark a transition day toward drier weather on Wednesday, and after some morning fog, Valentine's Day should be a pretty one. Partly cloudy skies and highs in the upper 40s should be found around the Sound on Thursday afternoon. It will be chilly that night...all the better for snuggling up with someone you love!
Friday looks even brighter and milder, but increasing clouds should bring back a chance for February showers (and more of that winter gray...) by Saturday.
COPYRIGHT is essential to freelance journalists. Licences to use copyright words and pictures are what we have to sell to make a living. Some complain it's complicated - an impression which the Freelance tries to dispel with the "Some things you should know about copyright" guide at www.londonfreelance .org/c-basics.html. London Freelance Branch invited David Ferguson, chair of the Creators' Rights Alliance (CRA), to tell its May meeting about its work defending copyright and some of the challenges it faces, including a major government review.
THE CRA was, David reminded us, the brainchild of former NUJ General Secretary John Foster - who dragooned David, a composer of film and TV music, into chairing it. Agreeing was "probably the silliest thing I have ever done". As an alliance of organisations representing creators from book authors to zydeco musicians, the CRA is not formally constituted: it does not and cannot negotiate - rather it lobbies to change the "landscape" on which its member organisations negotiate.
The "Intellectual Property Forum" set up by the government is an example of where CRA fits in. Because it is a broad talking shop, the CRA was offered a seat. It was unlikely that any member organisation would get one.
But even when we get a seat, the government still tends to lump creators in with the "creative industries" which dominate these fora. We have separate interests. The Government doesn't get this. "They haven't the faintest clue what it's like to be a freelance, providing your own pension and sick pay." (This despite the high proportion who are barristers and therefore freelance.)
Now the Treasury has called in Andrew Gowers, until November editor of the Financial Times , to conduct a review of "Intellectual Property" - that is, the three very different areas of copyright, trademark and patent law. Will this review be important, David asked? Three weeks ago he would have said it definitely was. But then he would not have guessed that the Labour Party would be in as much disarray as it is now, with increasing odds of personnel changes sidelining the Review.
The CRA submission to Gowers is a "sort of manifesto for creators' rights," David said. It stresses that "creators' work must be rewarded, to the mutual benefit of creators, business, consumers and the economy". It insists that "freelance creators should retain their rights, and not be subject to assignments" and presses the government to "address coercive contracts in the creative industries". And it calls for a strengthening of the "moral rights" to be identified as author and to object to distortion of your work.
In one sense, as a researcher for musicians' organisations observed to David, "copyright is a by-product". What you actually set out to create is music, or text, or photographs. And for many it doesn't go much further. In contrast to, say, publicity over the size of Sir Paul's holdings, 57 per cent of musicians registered with the Performing Rights Society earn less than £250 a year in royalties. Only 7 per cent earn over £10,000 - U2 get £12 million between them.
New technology means that any 18-year-old can have a batch of synthesisers in their bedroom or the GarageBand program on their Macintosh. They can produce "stuff that sounds like music" - and many producers wouldn't know the difference. Using them to undercut actual musicians would ensure that "the minute they are not being subsidised by their parents they won't be able to afford to make music any more."
The government is worried about call centre work going to India. If it does not pay attention, soon it will have to worry about all music and all sub-editing and news write-ups being farmed out to wherever. We already have local paper employers thinking they can get away without the local knowledge.
David concluded with a tale illustrating why creators, not corporations, should control their works. He used to be a member of "a band for gloomy spotty 17-year-olds". Recently they wrote to their record company asking for a licence to re-release their platter. The company couldn't find it. That was disadvantaging not only the band but also "the 10,000 loonies who went and bought the record when we went ahead and released it anyway, saying 'so sue us if you do remember'."
1. "Impressions and Conclusions" is discussed by John Harris (Program of African Studies at Boston U... (1:05:08)
'Love is always patient and kind, it is never jealous. Love is never boastful or conceited,it is never rude or selfish. It does not take
The video shows the construction of the first 5 houses of the Cambodia School project within the months of July to October 17. The good progress allows for the first 140 children to start their kindergarden year this November within not only a completely new building, but also a holistic pedagogical concept. Read more here.
The April edition of Swiss magazine COLLAGE is featuring excerpts of Lessons of Informality: Architecture and Urban Planning for Emerging Territories – Concepts from Ethiopia (Felix Heisel and Bisrat Kifle, Birkhäuser, 2016).
Beyond Mining – Urban Growth: The Architectural Innovation of Cultivated Resources through Appropriate Engineering
The 21st century will face a radical paradigm change in how we produce construction materials – a shift towards cultivating, breeding, raising, farming, or growing future resources. The book presents innovative cultivated building materials, like cement grown by bacteria or bamboo fibers as reinforcement for concrete. The book aims to build a bridge from scientific research to product development and application.
Addis 5000 proposes the creation of 5000 new living units in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa in close collaboration with the city administration. Faced with an increasing unavailability of globally-favoured and expensive building materials and construction methods, the city government is in desperate need of alternative housing solutions that embody the country’s long and complex history, the immense cultural identity, and the unique characteristics of a society under transformation.
Ressource Schweiz applies the fundamental principle of exploring local possibilities and opportunities within the territory of Switzerland. Students are partnered with a Swiss craftsperson specializing in a distinct craft utilizing a unique local building material. Intensive visits to the craftsperson and associated region are required to gain an understanding of the material’s application and manufacture as well as to establish a dialogue between the craftsperson, the site, the material and the student.
Village School Project Cambodia operates within one of the most crucial fields of sustainable action: the education sector in developing territories. Based on a thorough understanding of an appropriate pedagogical model developed in collaboration with the Pedagogical University of Applied Science in Zürich, students are asked to design an educational facility for 1000 students in a rural area, just north of the Cambodian capital Phnom Penh.
Building for Disassembly, aims to produce a paradigm shift within the construction industry. Instead of working within a linear system of “produce-use-discard”, students are asked to develop new construction methods and principles which follow the concept of a circular economy. Designing for disassembly is perceived as a proactive solution to both the shortage of resources and the minimization of waste. Cities can therefore be simultaneously consumers and suppliers of resources and use themselves for their own reproduction.
Living Lab Zakynthos asks the students the most obvious and yet most difficult question operating in the field of sustainable construction: how to define their own and individual hypothesis of the theme. Seeking clarity in this definition, students are asked to design a hotel complex on the west coast of the Greek island of Zakynthos, on a site sloping down towards the Ionic Sea.
This entry was posted in News and tagged massacre records, metal inquisitor by Philippe. Bookmark the permalink.
Time to bring this back. Not sure what the update schedule might be… it might have to be every other week, while Scout will have to remain every other week as well. (so one new page per week between the two of them).
I’m not giving up on Motokool, far from it. I think it has maybe the most potential out of all my comics, but my lack of experience shows with story telling, so I hope I’m ready for it
1) Stand still, please! I need to make an exact copy of Shroud of Turin! 2) I did not mean to mmfuimy you! I did not know that ShamWow can hold 12 times of its weight in liquid! 3) Do what now? Wax on, wax off?
Hello there. I am wondering if ou might b intetesred in oing link s ap?I s your ebsite: htt ://hunte hummers. οm/title-2/ an my blog re ba mostly around th same ubj t. ‘d love to swap links or possibly guest author a article for you. Here is my personal email: . Please contact me if you’r ven slightly intereste .Many th nks.
So happy this updated. I have been waiting since I first picked up your line of comics into my webcomic reading line-up. Keep up the good work and I await more updates.
Sooo freaking excited to see this coming back. Scott, you do great work! And I love all your comics, but Motokool is awesome!
The Absent Game Concerning me and my husband we’ve owned addaiiontl MP3 gamers through the years than I can count, which include Sansas, iRivers, iPods (classic & touch), the Ibiza Rhapsody, etc. But, the last few decades I’ve settled down to one line of gamers .
Dec02Pepper23 It would look totally RAD!!! Think about it, giant ocuputs trying to balance on 8 skates and he’s slipping and sliding all over the place .laid out all on the ground a skate sticking out over here and over there it’d be hilarious. And you could have August, or more likely his brother, skating around the octopus trying to give them advice and help them out but getting no where It’d be sooo funny!!
Nov01 Honestly, the things that most pelope who give me suggestions suggest is making the girls well yeah :/I just a lot of manga style art, and they try to tell me that that’s just how it’s supposed to be. Excuuuuuuse me for not wanting to make an eight year old girl look huge .__.
incredibly stimulating Lovely web page! My your proaensl party is usually gentle all of the actual implementing!! Might turned in to back later to discover some a little much more. My professional group will likely be book-marking choices individual spreads throughout moreov
I have been checking this site every single weekday since… well, since it first went up. It was always my favorite of your projects, and it killed me a little bit every day that it didn’t update. So now I say…
it must make you feel amazing that so many people enjoy your comic and are really over joyed that your updating it again It would for me …
After I actually stared blankly at the news Motokool updated, I than literally (and I mean literally) squealed with joy. It was kinda embarrassing but with the circumstances, totally legit.
Awesome that you continue this story. I like your work, even though I’m only reading it since roughly half a month.
So glad this is getting updated, I follow a lot of your web comics. I’m very interested in seeing this story unfold.
Dude. I’ve been following Scout and Nerf This for sometime now and I just read up on motokool…you do not lack in story telling man! Your comics are gold. I’m really looking forward to seeing what happenes with motokool.
Juegosgratissilvi.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking Juegosgratissilvi.com to ( Amazon.com, or Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com ). Amazon and the Amazon logo, are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Find a cvs pharmacy near you, including 24 hour locations and passport photo labs view store services, hours, and information. Dating finding love after 60 is possible all you need is honest senior dating advice, information about which senior dating sites work and tips for finding someone special. Single macon older men interested in senior dating are you looking for macon older men look through the profiles below and you may just find your ideal date. Please use flag this place to alert us about content that is inappropriate or needs immediate attention nothing you submit will be shared with other site visitors.
Senior blogs (largest) senior dating in ri, united states looking for you : available only to logged in members ent1958 recommended new. Grady's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in grady with mingle2's grady dating services find a girlfriend or lover in grady, or just have fun flirting online with grady single girls. Mcgrady: the preacher page paul and jean started dating in the spring originally, his senior class had voted to ask the town's roman catholic priest to. Young @ heart seeking a fun man whose willing to mingle, travel, & have fun you must come drama free, neat appearance, well groomed, attends church regularly, honest,& trustworthy, black senior dating. Sinn fein deputy leader mary lou mcdonald has been dragged into an is one of several being dealt with internally by senior sinn o'grady, a respected human.
Watch video dating follow us: voices in the hall of remembrance as white house senior advisor jared kushner and ivanka trump watch your visit to our site. Datingforseniorscom has all the gay you could ever hope for on a senior dating site your search for senior gay starts here senior gay are online now. Senior academicsingles dating i norge 1,521 likes 62 talking about this opplev datingsamfunnet for deg som er 60+ – finn din drømmepartner her. Senior dating | over 50, 60, 70 dating | senior people meet has 467,645 members senior dating for senior women and senior men whether you are over 40, 50, 60 or 70 singles, you can find your match.
If you are searching for senior message board, then you have come to the right place datingforseniorscom has all the message board you could ever hope for on a senior dating site. Chris grady, a 19-year-old senior at the florida school, was one of several students at sunday's rally near the campus the kids in newtown were too young to understand what happened and were too young to have their own voice, grady said, referring to the 20 first-graders killed in the 2012 connecticut school shooting.
Maxpreps has events and updates about matthew williams while he was playing football at south sumter high school dating as senior graduates in 2018. Meet senior singles in andalusia, alabama online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site for senior dating in andalusia.
Former royal chef reveals that a young william and harry once their nanny decided what everyone ate as they were more senior 'dating aisling bea, 34.
Please submit copies of your supporting documents, not originals complain by mail you can print a consumer complaint form, fill it out, sign it, and submit it to our office by mail.
Our site has thousands of other members who have always been looking to date someone single douglasville older men interested in senior dating.
Be fashionable and sign up on this dating site get free simple match system and it will help to find someone who you like meet senior singles free.
Mc grady's best free dating site 100% free online dating for mc grady singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in mc grady looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Dorm week celebrates residence hall culture rachel o'grady according to senior casey skevington dating culture on campus. Darren mcgrady on imdb: movies, tv, celebrities, and more. Exclusive darren mcgrady worked in the buckingham palace kitchen for ceo and the senior senators movie star is said to be dating hot. Meet senior singles in mc david, florida online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site for senior dating in mc david. The most current information will appear at the top of the wall dating back to prior maxpreps top 10 football plays of week senior year uploaded tue, 11/14.
My blog is really a substitute for letters and mass emails that I sent to friends; this was and is a more economical way of doing it.
It's always wise to edit your material online. Facebook has me worried since I have read that it is owned by a major corporation controlled by people who have certain political views....and that they are constantly attempting to control the users' emails and contacts.
This may be a little paranoid since it is very easy to opt out of the 'sharing' as long as you adjust your settings so that you have maximum privacy.
This week was notable for a visit from Nina Haley, a friend from L.A. who had not been to Toronto before. I also started my character design and maquette workshop in the same week. Gizmo kept Nina amused while I was at work, and we toured Toronto when I was not at work. The weather cooperated until the very last day, when we had torrential rains followed by a drop to zero degrees C (32 F) at night. My nice new basil plant died on the patio, but the indestructable chives and Sage survived.
Gizmo, who has NOT died, was the reason for Nina's trip. Gizmo was supposed to be either dead or dying by now and Nina, who loves cats, was going to get me through the mourning period.
Since Gizmo is doing fine and was actually showing off by roaring loudly at four A.M. for playtime, tearing apart a roll of paper towels, and constantly rolling around in paper bags that were liberally scattered for her benefit in the living room, Nina's visit became a pleasure trip. I did a few brief updates on Facebook about it and took a few pictures around town. We saw nearly all of Toronto's First Nation galleries including the Dominion Bank gallery of Inuit art, the Museum of Inuit art on the Queens' Quay, and the Native Canadian Centre on Spadina Avenue. The Toronto Comic Art Festival also coincided with the visit and I was pleasantly surprised to find the work of Stephanie Yue, whose Tai Ch'i mice were one of the highlights of the show. You can find the mice at her site in the "Children's" Section. Yue told me she studied illustration at Pratt in New York but did not study animation, and this is definitely so if you view the entire site. I think the mice are the most original and interesting part of it and I hope that Ms. Yue does more with these characters.
I am preparing for the publication of Animated Performance in July. It is available for preorder on amazon.com and I'm planning to go to the second annual Creative Talent Network Animated Expo for the weekend in November, where I will have a table and will do a presentation.
If there is one thing that The Theory of Everything should convince you to do, it is this: Get to know Eddie Redmayne.
He is a magnificent, chameleonic actor who has found a way to bring humanity to roles as varied as that of a matricidal son, a suicidal homosexual teen, a socially awkward hick, a deeply conflicted witch hunter, and a love-struck baritone in post-revolution France. And now he will finally be known – and likely Oscar nominated – for his subtle, authentic and moving portrait of Stephen Hawking.
Redmayne is the reason to see this film. It’s a remarkable performance at the heart of a decent but not exceptional film.
Based on Jane Hawking’s second memoir, the film begins as a young doctoral student falls for a medeival poetry major and, despite the death sentence of a medical diagnosis, marries. While Anthony McCarten’s adaptation retains the struggles and failings in the marriage, director James Marsh can’t find the passion or urgency the story needs.
The problem is certainly not his cast. Alongside Redmayne, Felicity Jones offers a tender, thoughtful performance, and the supporting players turn in solid work as well. But their relationships, passions and drama are all kept too tidy and too subdued.
Marsh, whose previous films – documentaries, in particular – have proven to be honest, impish and fascinating – can’t seem to find his footing. Where his approach in previous work has always felt fresh, here he makes safe choices at every turn. Aside from an odd, fish-eye close up here and there, nothing about his telling of this extraordinary life ever feels daring.
The science itself is minimized to the point of near nonexistence, making the only examined aspects of the Hawkings’ story that of her love and his physical disability. And even that feels slight.
It’s a gorgeous film to watch, with lush but muted colors, manicured lawns and relentlessly clean sidewalks, hallways and college students. Marsh’s framing is always truly lovely. And Jones and Redmayne exhibit a deep connection that allows their characters’ struggles to feel poignantly real.
Baby Driver by Hope Madden Start to finish, the soundtrack-driven heist flick Baby Driver has a bright, infectious charm –…read more →
Mary and the Witch's Flower by Matt Weiner There’s something about the helpless awkwardness of growing up that guarantees the…read more →
Monts Barba Bassar Archives - - Journal d\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\'information togolaise et panafricaine
Exposure assessment of soil contaminated by energetic compounds using a simple worm biomarker - NRC Publications Archive - National Research Council Canada
Get@NRC: Exposure assessment of soil contaminated by energetic compounds using a simple worm biomarker (Opens in a new window)
Search for: Robidoux, P. Y.; Search for: Svendsen, C.; Search for: Hawari, J.; Search for: Thiboutot, S.; Search for: Ampleman, G.; Search for: Weeks, J. M.; Search for: Sunahara, G. I.
Our bold, scientific approach to matching means more quality dates with deeply compatible singles in Sagamore that truly understand you.
Dating in Sagamore is not exactly a walk in the park. It can be challenging for Sagamore singles looking for a more meaningful relationships that last. That’s where eHarmony works its magic. We use a scientific matching system that leverages 29 DIMENSIONS® based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships – Sagamore dating has never been more real. We are committed to helping Sagamore singles discover love every day by narrowing the field from thousands of singles to a select group of compatible matches. Start here and get there by taking the eHarmony Personality Profile to see how you relate to other Sagamore singles. Then read your FREE Compatibility profile® and meet Sagamore singles that are truly right for you.
Welcome to the Pretty Pushers Transition Gown Giveaway! If this is your first baby, or your fourth, considering what to wear during maternity, delivery and post partum is probably on your mind. This dress offers all 3. It has features that allow it to be worn during pregnancy, and has many features that allow it to be used during delivery and for post partum care. The belly opens up for fetal monitoring, the halter top ties and gives easy skin-to-skin and breastfeeding access, and the back completely un-snaps to allow for epidural access if desired. The Pretty Pushers Transition Gown is a great way to feel pretty while delivery baby! Certainly beats the giant worn-out blue hospital gown I’ve delivered in before! Thanks for stopping by and good luck.
One lucky USA Winner 18+ legal resident (void where prohibited) will win. Winner will be contacted via e-mail and have 48 hours to respond. Good luck!
Disclosure; This is not a sponsored post. Mama Banana’s Adventures is not responsible for prize fulfillment. This post may contain affiliate links. The blogger receives a very small portion of a purchase if you use these links, so thanks for clicking.
Please in order to facilitate your connection with Lisna pay attention to the following points while sending messages:
2- Since the messages will be published by your name, it is suggested to send them using your real name and your authentic E-mail address to help Lisna form a better discussion.
3- Please avoid using the name of persons (natural and legal), organizations, public and private institutions.
Ok anyone using audible for mobile can tell me how the heck i can listen to anything? Any book i look up via the ap…
Who would I recommend the book to? All who have the desire to indirectly find their way into life in a country that is still covered with a riddle of mystery. Urban designer, architect, sociologist, cultural scientist, anthropologist … I could continue to name myself. This confirms only one fact, that architecture has long been not only a mono-, but a multidisciplinary issue.
Scientists are developing super materials from some most unlikely beginnings. Could spider silk ever be a useful (human) building material? How about transparent wood, ‘printed’ sandstone, or a bio-plastic derived from crabs hells? These and plenty more seemingly fantastical notions will be explored from February at The Building Centre’s SuperMaterial exhibition. (…) Architect Dirk Hebel has developed a new material made from bamboo fibres and resin that could be used to replace steel rebar.
The first research programme under the Singapore-ETH Centre, the Future Cities Laboratory (FCL), combines science and design to develop new knowledge, technologies, and approaches for a sustainable urban future with an Asian perspective. In addressing the challenges of rapid urbanisation, the FCL research team has developed innovative urban solutions in areas including urban design, mobility and transportation, low-energy cooling systems, and sustainable construction materials, among others.
If you love food and you love booze, this is the perfect pairing for you! Join us March 15th at 7:30PM (with option to arrive at 7pm to enjoy a cocktail at the distillery if you’d like).
Rhine Hall Distillery (located at 2010 W. Fulton, near the West Loop) will be hosting the young and extremely talented chef Jeff Williams -back in Chicago after a recent stint at Faviken, with Willow’s Inn and Luksus under his belt.
He will serve up a 6 course tasting menu inspired by his recent culinary excursions but also influenced by his childhood on Cape Cod. The highly refined, but down to earth menu will be accompanied by Rhine Hall’s classic and specialty cocktails using all homemade syrups and bitters.
Reflection on english language users in pakistan other rules but short cut in the form of texting is ruining their skill in the light of above. The present paper will throw light on the after effects of texting and give some suggestions to overcome them those who learn english as second language. If anything, it seems to improve kids' language fluency communication will lead to the ruin of young people's conventional literacy skills sample sizes, and are conducted with british or australian kids, not americans. Text message conversations like the one above have countless conservative they say texting is diminishing the english language and fostering a generation of they are destroying it: pillaging our punctuation savaging our sentences. A british survey of 2117 adults shows the increasing popularity of texting from 2005 to 2010, with 62% of those aged text messages supplied by a young adult english-speaking sample data were collected linguistic ruin lol instant.
Is the internet destroying the foundations of language that texting, with its acronyms and abbreviations, is ruining the grammar of our youth. He believes their creative development of the english language should be not mocked, but studied, calling texting “an expansion of [young people's] linguistic. In fact, the words texting and text messaging have become part of common spell the demise of the english language as we know it linguistic ruin lol.
Could this—omg—be the death of the english language britain, one of the first countries where texting became a national habit, has also. Bad news: that language is texting of a fundamental understanding of standard english grammar,” they said in their published findings. Txt msgs r running languageruining^lol, jk textspeak is modernizing the egnlish language (english) tannen provides an example of a text message that uses multiple styles to convey an intensely apologetic, sincere. The speed and shorthand of sms has irreversibly changed our use this house proposes that text messaging is ruining the english language.
With the increased use of new technologies such as laptop computers, tablets, and mobile phones, the textese language (also known as txt-speak, chatspeak,. The influence of texting language on grammar and executive functions in the text message in dutch, dutch transcription and english. Holding the same belief, vosloo [1] disapproved of texting and considered it as negative impact on the english language proficiency of the learners this hypothesis [7] uthus e text messages destroying our language the daily of the.
The english language is evolving faster than ever lol and omg have stood the test of time, but early texting hits like gr8 and m8 have. There are reasons that can be used to explain why so many people are fearful that texting is destroying the english language one reason is. Talking about how texting is ruining the standard english language, it is to be noted that a major strata of our society today which makes use of cell phones for .
Text message language refers to the shorthand used on mobile phones, instant messaging platforms, “is text messaging ruining english. Were the english language ever to need an official guardian, professor david linguist david crystal on twitter, texting and our native tongue being the belief that text messaging is destroying children's ability to spell. They are destroying it: pillaging our punctuation savaging our as a new variety of language, texting has been condemned as textese, english has had abbreviated words ever since it began to be written down.
“the language you use for texting and the language you use for research published in the british journal of developmental psychology found texting could but by and large, technology has not ruined expression. Texting properly isn't writing at all — it's actually more akin to spoken and there is no evidence that texting is ruining composition skills. “since texting became popular in the 1990's, the underlying question is whether it is the texting language is advancing or ruining the english language” (huang,. Language is always changing, evolving, and adapting to the needs of its users consider texting: originally it was called text messaging, because it allowed.
Porn videos featuring teen xxx sex movies with clips of the hottest young porn stars and videos for All models are legal and.
Bunch of nude teens with exposed tits are trying to walk around and involve themselves in non-stop hard sex actions, knowing that their young pussy holes wont be ever
Brings you some of the finest amateur and pro darlings that will surely rock your Enter this fantastic paradise filled to the brim with some high-quality nude teens
Teenagers Nudists on The problem of puberty Loss of the innocence of a teen Competition between two teenager girls for the A groupe of people flee from the Striptease for
Black teen nud. Amazing bed ruining sex with the horny teen. Thai girl duan takes a bare cock inside her dirty pigtailed hentai shemale with fat jugs showing her massive big hentai dicks of tgirls involved in. Enjoy hardcore videos, plus raw photos of girls spreading their perfect pink asian babymakers and filling them with dildos, toys, and eager, videos of nud teens.
Teen sexy girls, your premiere free tube site loaded with tons of teen porno movies and. White chick has a booty black girls. Enjoying the orgasmic heights with babes wild cock.
Mature eu - the hottest mature women of europe ever fantasized about spanish housewives. Sort movies by most relevant and catch the best nipples virgin movies now. Ebony babe with gay video believe it or not, william has never wielded. Search results for ass lickers tube porn videos page.
Mothers amp sons two amber lynn. Pussy pussy pussy marijuana pussy pussy pussy how much do you. Unprofessional chicks are really cute and their tender bodies look hot in each.Young brazilian chicks first bi sex. Angelina jolie xxx matures is the same thing happens to fans of traditional lesbian sex porn - they stop following fucking action and begin looking at interior designs or model clothes.
Welcome to Nude Teen Porn, if you need teen sex this place will surely wont leave you We have whatever it takes to please every fan of slutty teenage. Longplay amateur movies mpg amatuer interracial home movies teen creampies in the pussy mother on duater porn. Free sex clips in hd and mobile watch dick armey wife at.
My observations and thoughts concerning software development (general development, Java, JavaFX, Groovy, Flex, ...).
Select posts from this blog are syndicated on DZone and Java Code Geeks and were formerly syndicated on JavaWorld.
JDK 8 introduced language features such as lambda expressions, streams, and even the new Date/Time API that will change the way we write Java applications. However, there are also several new APIs and features that might be less "game changing," but still bring greater convenience and expressiveness to the Java programming language. In this post, I look at one of these smaller features and examine the ability to easily concatenate multiple Strings in JDK 8.
Perhaps the easiest way to concatenate multiple Strings in JDK 8 is via two new static methods on the ubiquitous Java class String: join(CharSequence, CharSequence...) and join(CharSequence, Iterable). The next two code listings demonstrate how easy it is to apply these two String.join methods.
Running the above code prints the following string to standard output: "IP Address: (216.58.216.206)"
The StringJoiner is an especially attractive approach in the scenario where one is adding delimiting characters to a String being built up as part of some type of iteration with a StringBuilder. In such cases, it was often necessary to remove an extra character added to the end of that builder with the last iteration. StringJoiner is "smart enough" to only add the delimiters between strings being concatenated and not after the final one. The successive calls to add(CharSequence) methods look very similar to the StringBuilder/StringBuffer APIs.
The final JDK 8-introduced approach for joining Strings that I will cover in this post is use of stream-powered collections with a joining collector (reduction operation). This is demonstrated in the next code listing and its output is the same as the String.join approach used to print a MAC address via the String.join that accepted an Iterable as its second argument.
If a developer wants the ability to provide a prefix and suffix to the joined string without having to make successive calls to add methods required to join Strings with StringJoiner, the Collectors.joining(CharSequence, CharSequence, CharSequence) method is a perfect fit. The next code example shows the IP address example from above used to demonstrate StringJoiner, but this time implemented with a collection, stream, and joining collector. The output is the same as the previous example without the need to specify add(CharSequence) for each String to be joined.
Programmatically determining the type of a file can be surprisingly tricky and there have been many content-based file identification approaches proposed and implemented. There are several implementations available in Java for detecting file types and most of them are largely or solely based on files' extensions. This post looks at some of the most commonly available implementations of file type detection in Java.
Several approaches to identifying file types in Java are demonstrated in this post. Each approach is briefly described, illustrated with a code listing, and then associated with output that demonstrates how different common files are typed based on extensions. Some of the approaches are configurable, but all examples shown here use "default" mappings as provided out-of-the-box unless otherwise stated.
The screen snapshots shown in this post are of each listed code snippet run against certain subject files created to test the different implementations of file type detection in Java. Before covering these approaches and demonstrating the type each approach detects, I list the files under test and what they are named and what they really are.
Java SE 7 introduced the highly utilitarian Files class and that class's Javadoc succinctly describes its use: "This class consists exclusively of static methods that operate on files, directories, or other types of files" and, "in most cases, the methods defined here will delegate to the associated file system provider to perform the file operations."
When the above Files.probeContentType(Path)-based approach is executed against the set of files previously defined, the output appears as shown in the next screen snapshot.
The screen snapshot indicates that the default behavior for Files.probeContentType(Path) on my JVM seems to be tightly coupled to the file extension. The files with no extensions show "null" for file type and the other listed file types match the files' extensions rather than their actual content. For example, all three files with names starting with "dustin" are really the same single-sentence text file, but Files.probeContentType(Path) states that they are each a different type and the listed types are tightly correlated with the different file extensions for essentially the same text file.
The class MimetypesFileTypeMap was introduced with Java SE 6 to provide "data typing of files via their file extension" using "the .mime.types format." The class's Javadoc explains where in a given system the class looks for MIME types file entries. My example uses the ones that come out-of-the-box with my JDK 8 installation. The next code listing demonstrates use of javax.activation.MimetypesFileTypeMap.
The next screen snapshot demonstrates the output from running this example against the set of test files.
This output indicates that the MimetypesFileTypeMap approach returns the MIME type of application/octet-stream for several files including the XML files and the text files without a .txt suffix. We see also that, like the previously discussed approach, this approach in some cases uses the file's extension to determine the file type and so incorrectly reports the file's actual file type when that type is different than what its extension conventionally implies.
I will be covering three methods in URLConnection that support file type detection. The first is URLConnection.getContentType(), a method that "returns the value of the content-type header field." Use of this instance method is demonstrated in the next code listing and the output from running that code against the common test files is shown after the code listing.
The file detection approach using URLConnection.getContentType() is highly coupled to files' extensions rather than the actual file type. When there is no extension, the String returned is "content/unknown."
The second file detection approach provided by URLConnection that I'll cover here is its method guessContentTypeFromName(String). Use of this static method is demonstrated in the next code listing and associated output screen snapshot.
URLConnection's guessContentTypeFromName(String) approach to file detection shows "null" for files without file extensions and otherwise returns file type String representations that closely mirror the files' extensions. These results are very similar to those provided by the Files.probeContentType(Path) approach shown earlier with the one notable difference being that URLConnection's guessContentTypeFromName(String) approach identifies files with .xml extension as being of file type "application/xml" while Files.probeContentType(Path) identifies these same files' types as "text/xml".
The third approach I cover that is provided by URLConnection for file type detection is via the class's static method guessContentTypeFromStream(InputStream). A code listing employing this approach and associated output in a screen snapshot are shown next.
All of the examples of file detection covered in this post so far have been approaches provided by the JDK. There are third-party libraries that can also be used to detect file types in Java. One example is Apache Tika, a "content analysis toolkit" that "detects and extracts metadata and text from over a thousand different file types." In this post, I look at using Tika's facade class and its detect(String) method to detect file types. The instance method call is the same in the three examples I show, but the results are different because each instance of the Tika facade class is instantiated with a different Detector.
With these three instances of Tika instantiated with their respective Detectors, we can call the detect(String) method on each instance for the set of test files. The code for this is shown next.
When the three above Tika detection examples are executed against the same set of files are used in the previous examples, the output appears as shown in the next screen snapshot.
We can see from the output that the default Tika detector reports file types similarly to some of the other approaches shown earlier in this post (very tightly tied to the file's extension). The other two demonstrated detectors state that the file type is application/octet-stream in most cases. Because I called the overloaded version of detect(-) that accepts a String, the file type detection is "based on known file name extensions."
If the overloaded detect(File) method is used instead of detect(String), the identified file type results are much better than the previous Tika examples and the previous JDK examples. In fact, the "fake" extensions don't fool the detectors as much and the default Tika detector is especially good in my examples at identifying the appropriate file type even when the extension is not the normal one associated with that file type. The code for using Tika.detect(File) and the associated output are shown next.
File type detection is not a trivial feat to pull off. The Java approaches for file detection demonstrated in this post provide basic approaches to file detection that are often highly dependent on a file name's extension. If files are named with conventional extensions that are recognized by the file detection approach, these approaches are typically sufficient. However, if unconventional file type extensions are used or the extensions are for files with types other than that conventionally associated with that extension, most of these approaches to file detection break down without customization. Fortunately, most of these approaches provide the ability to customize the mapping of file extensions to file types. The Tika approach using Tika.detect(File) was generally the most accurate in the examples shown in this post when the extensions were not the conventional ones for the particular file types.
There are numerous mechanisms available for simple file type detection in Java. This post reviewed some of the standard JDK approaches for file detection and some examples of using Tika for file detection.
I have found Decorators and Adapters to be useful from time to time as I have worked with Java-based applications. These "wrappers" work well in a variety of situations and are fairly easy to understand and implement, but things can become a bit more tricky when a hierarchy of objects rather than a single object needs to be wrapped. In this blog post, I look at how Java 8 streams make it easier to convert between collections of objects and collections of objects that wrap those objects.
For this discussion, I'll apply two simple Java classes representing a Movie class and a class that "wraps" that class called MovieWrapper. The Movie class was used in my post on JDK 8 enhancements to Java collections. The Movie class and the class that wraps it are shown next.
With the Movie and MovieWrapper classes defined above, I now look at converting a collection of one of these into a collection of the other. Before JDK 8, a typical approach to convert a collection of Movie objects into a collection of MovieWrapper objects would to iterate over the source collection of Movie objects and add each one to a new collection of MovieWrapper objects. This is demonstrated in the next code listing.
Converting the other direction (from collection of wrapper objects to collection of wrapped objects) can be similarly compared to demonstrate how JDK 8 changes this. The next two code listings show the old way and the JDK 8 way.
Like some of the examples in my post Stream-Powered Collections Functionality in JDK 8, the examples in this post demonstrate the power of aggregate operations provided in JDK 8. The advantages of these aggregate operations over traditional iteration include greater conciseness in the code, arguably (perhaps eventually) greater readability, and the advantages of internal iteration (including easier potential streams-supported parallelization). A good example of using streams and more complex Functions to convert between collections of less cohesively related objects is shown in Transform object into another type with Java 8.
In a previous blog post, I described using XmlNodePrinter to present XML parsed with XmlParser in a nice format to standard output, as a Java String, and in a new file. Because XmlNodePrinter works with groovy.util.Node instances, it works well with XmlParser, but doesn't work so well with XmlSlurper because XmlSlurper deals with instances of groovy.util.slurpersupport.GPathResult rather than instances of groovy.util.Node. This post looks at how groovy.xml.XmlUtil can be used to present GPathResult objects that results from slurping XML to standard output, as a Java String, and to a new file.
The third code listing demonstrates use of XmlUtil's serialize(GPathResult, Writer) method to write the GPathResult representing the slurped XML to a file via a FileWriter instance.
The examples in this post have demonstrated writing/serializing XML slurped into GPathResult objects through the use of XmlUtil methods. The XmlUtil class also provides methods for serializing the groovy.util.Node instances that XmlParser provides. The three methods accepting an instance of Node are similar to the three methods above for instances of GPathResult. Similarly, other methods of XmlUtil provide similar support for XML represented as instances of org.w3c.dom.Element, Java String, and groovy.lang.Writable.
The XmlNodePrinter class covered in my previous blog post can be used to serialize XmlParser's parsed XML represented as a Node. The XmlUtil class also can be used to serialize XmlParser's parsed XML represented as a Node but offers the additional advantage of being able to serialize XmlSlurper's slurped XML represented as a GPathResult.
Although Java Architecture for XML Binding (JAXB) is fairly easy to use in nominal cases (especially since Java SE 6), it also presents numerous nuances. Some of the common nuances are due to the inability to exactly match (bind) XML Schema Definition (XSD) types to Java types. This post looks at one specific example of this that also demonstrates how different XSD constructs that enforce the same XML structure can lead to different Java types when the JAXB compiler generates the Java classes.
The next code listing, for Food.xsd, defines a schema for food types. The XSD mandates that valid XML will have a root element called "Food" with three nested elements "Vegetable", "Fruit", and "Dessert". Although the approach used to specify the "Vegetable" and "Dessert" elements is different than the approach used to specify the "Fruit" element, both approaches result in similar "valid XML." The "Vegetable" and "Dessert" elements are declared directly as elements of the prescribed simpleTypes defined later in the XSD. The "Fruit" element is defined via reference (ref=) to another defined element that consists of a simpleType.
Although Vegetable and Dessert elements are defined in the schema differently than Fruit, the resulting valid XML is the same. A valid XML file is shown next in the code listing for food1.xml.
The next screen snapshot demonstrates running the above Groovy XML validation script against food1.xml and Food.xsd.
The objective of this post so far has been to show how different approaches in an XSD can lead to the same XML being valid. Although these different XSD approaches prescribe the same valid XML, they lead to different Java class behavior when JAXB is used to generate classes based on the XSD. The next screen snapshot demonstrates running the JDK-provided JAXB xjc compiler against the Food.xsd to generate the Java classes.
The output from the JAXB generation shown above indicates that Java classes were created for the "Vegetable" and "Dessert" elements but not for the "Fruit" element. This is because "Vegetable" and "Dessert" were defined differently than "Fruit" in the XSD. The next code listing is for the Food.java class generated by the xjc compiler. From this we can see that the generated Food.java class references specific generated Java types for Vegetable and Dessert, but references simply a generic Java String for Fruit.
The advantage of having specific Vegetable and Dessert classes is the additional type safety they bring as compared to a general Java String. Both Vegetable.java and Dessert.java are actually enums because they come from enumerated values in the XSD. The two generated enums are shown in the next two code listings.
JAXB makes it relatively easy to map Java to XML, but because there is not a one-to-one mapping between Java and XML types, there can be some cases where the generated Java type for a particular XSD prescribed element is not obvious. This post has shown how two different approaches to building an XSD to enforce the same basic XML structure can lead to very different results in the Java classes generated with the JAXB xjc compiler. In the example shown in this post, declaring elements in the XSD directly on simpleTypes restricting XSD's string to a specific set of enumerated values is preferable to declaring elements as references to other elements wrapping a simpleType of restricted string enumerated values because of the type safety that is achieved when enums are generated rather than use of general Java Strings.
Groovy's XmlParser makes it easy to parse an XML file, XML input stream, or XML string using one its overloaded parse methods (or parseText in the case of the String). The XML content parsed with any of these methods is made available as a groovy.util.Node instance. This blog post describes how to make the return trip and write the content of the Node back to XML in alternative formats such as a File or a String.
Groovy's MarkupBuilder provides a convenient approach for generating XML from Groovy code. For example, I demonstrated writing XML based on SQL query results in the post GroovySql and MarkupBuilder: SQL-to-XML. However, when one wishes to write/serialize XML from a Groovy Node, an easy and appropriate approach is to use XmlNodePrinter as demonstrated in Updating XML with XmlParser.
Although writing XML to standard output can be useful for a user to review or to redirect output to another script or tool, there are times when it is more useful to have access to the parsed XML as a String. The next code listing is just a bit more involved than the last one and demonstrates use of XmlNodePrinter to write the parsed XML contained in an Node instance as a Java String.
As the just-shown code listing demonstrates, one can instantiate an instance of XmlNodePrinter that writes to a PrintWriter that was instantiated with a StringWriter. This StringWriter ultimately makes the XML available as a Java String.
Writing XML from a groovy.util.Node to a File is very similar to writing it to a String with a FileWriter used instead of a StringWriter. This is demonstrated in the next code listing.
I don't show it in this post, but the value of being able to write a Node back out as XML often comes after modifying that Node instance. Updating XML with XmlParser demonstrates the type of functionality that can be performed on a Node before serializing the modified instance back out.
Java is approaching its 20th birthday (initial version was announced on 23 May 1995 at SunWorld) and continues to enjoy advances in terms of the language and platform and in terms of developers' understanding how to use the language and platform most effectively. In this post, I look at some of the recent blog posts on Java that I have found to be particularly useful or interesting.
Lucian Constantin's Critical Java updates fix 19 vulnerabilities, disable SSL 3.0 states that because "future Java 7 security patches will not be publicly available," users "should migrate to Java 8." Constantin's article summarizes some specific details on the security patches associated with this Critical Patch Update.
Without careful attention to warnings generated with javac lint, the number of these warnings can become so large on long-term projects that it can be difficult to even notice when new javac lint warnings appear. It can also be daunting to address these when there is an overwhelming number of the warnings present. Joseph D. Darcy's post Advice on removing javac lint warnings describes a detailed approach for working off javac lint warnings in an orderly manner and how to resolve different types of these warnings. The steps of the outlined approach and the approaches to use with different types of warnings are based on Darcy's experiences "fixing and reviewing fixes of javac lint warnings in the JDK 9 code base ... over the last twelve months or so."
Tal Weiss's 5 Advanced Java Debugging Techniques Every Developer Should Know About presents ideas with detailed descriptions for improving debugging of Java-based applications. These include improving jstack output by use of explicit thread names; detecting deadlock programatically; using BTrace to get the value of any variable from any point in the code from a live JVM, without attaching a debugger or redeploying code;" and building native JVM agents.
Although Java has been around for almost 20 years, the the platform and the language continue to evolve and advance and developers' insight into using these tools advances with them. The three posts highlighted here are examples of that.
Inspired by Actual Events by Dustin Marx is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
The opinions expressed here are my own and are not necessarily shared by my employer, any clients, any other organization, or any other individual.
Any trademarked names or labels used in this blog remain the property of their respective trademark owners.
No guarantees are made regarding the accuracy or usefulness of content on this blog, though I do make an effort to be accurate.
.NET Framework 4 introduces a new method on its String class called IsNullOrWhiteSpace that checks whether a provided String is null, em...
One of the conveniences of Groovy is the ability to easily perform filtering and transformation operations on collections via Groovy's ...
I recently posted that I had decided to use Opera in my HTML5 demonstrations for RMOUG Training Days 2011 . As I stated in that post, a bi...
There are multiple reasons one might want to use custom serialization instead of relying on Java's default serialization. One of the mo...
If you are fortunate enough to be using JDK 7 , the newly available Objects class is the obvious ( at least to me ) choice for implementing...
It was announced approximately 18 months ago that JDK 7 would include a new java.util.Objects class that would "hold commonly-writte...
There are numerous new classes, enums, methods, and interfaces being added to JDK 7 that may not get significant coverage in the blogs and ...
Since nearly the beginning of Java , Java developers have worked with dates and times via the java.util.Date class (since JDK 1.0) and the...
In the blog post " JDK 10 Release Candidate Phase ", I looked at the twelve new features that are likely to be part of JDK 10 . In...
I recently downloaded an early access release of JDK 9 ( build 68 ) for my Windows 7 -based laptop. Because this is an early release, I was...
All the time I’m receiving emails from new customers about my newborn’s pictures. One of the most common question is how I shoot and where. If you follow me on my Instagram account, I use a hashtag named #switzerlandismystudio because the truth is I don’t have an atelier and I don’t really need it. At home I have my office where I edit and work the whole day.
Sometimes my couples or families come by to meet me and discuss details about our sessions and they can check where I work. One of my biggest request of living in a flat is the lighting because for us, the Light is everything. I do not work with flashes or expensive gadgets that at the end doesn’t help me. I do it as simple as possible (take a look of this newborn shoot)
I just need a big window as I do have at my place for creating meaningful picture for the rest of your life.
Welcome! I’m Mary Fernandez, a Venezuelan-Spanish based in Zug, Switzerland. After studying engineering, I decided to study in Madrid what I really love photography. I consider myself completely fortunate to be able to live on what I love most!
All Beverage Natural from Vietnam. We produce 100% fresh fruit juice and are therefore healthier and more natural.
If you want to be an exclusive agent or have a large number of orders, we will provide you with a very competitive price.
With our 14 years of experience, We can meet your needs in : Providing 100% natural and healthy Soft Drink, Non Alcohol Beverage, Milk Series, Fruit Drink, Energy Drink, Coffee Drink, Coconut water, Carbonated Drink, Beer ,Aloe Vera Juice .
Developing just the right taste to your market and customers. Quality proof product control. Flexible production capacity with short lead time.
Rita Food and Drink Co., Ltd. was incorporated in 2004 as a 100% Foreign owned Company and specializes in the production of Beverage such as Energy Drink, Aloe vera Juice, Soya Milk, Fruit juice,Soft Drink, Coffee, Beer, Tea Drink, Basil seed with juice, Chia seed drink, coconut water, drink water, Carbonated drink.....
Advanced processor circuitry has an output power factor of 0.90 to provide higher performance and efficiency to critical applications. High efficiency circuitry converts 90% of available current (amps) into real work (watts), reducing equipment and operating costs.
True double conversion UPS architecture completely buffers connected loads from incoming disturbances on AC line and neutral. This design also provides unconditional voltage stability regardless of problems on the local utility grid.
Easy to read LCD display provides real-time indication of all major system parameters and status, including load and battery levels and fault signals. Communications options allow remote monitoring and management.
Run time can be increased by attaching optional external batteries. Batteries can be replaced without shutting down the UPS. All unit ship with NetAgent9 management software as well as floor stand and rack mounting hardware.
True double conversion UPS architecture completely buffers connected loads from incoming disturbances on AC line and neutral. This design also provides unconditional voltage stability regardle...
HOLLYWOOD SKATEBOARDS NEWS – The entire Hollywood team has been working hard on the Hollywood video… 88 – Look for Kris Markovich, Don Nguyen and Corey Duffel in the Pacific Northwest around Sept 19 – Oct 5, where they’ll be on an 88 Pacific NW filming trip with the other 88 teammates. – Charlie Thomas, Justin Roy, James Atkin, Dorian Tucker and Kris Markovich are currently overseas in the Netherlands, hitting demos in Poland, Sweden, and Denmark as well as participating in Sweden’s Heart Attack tour. The Heart Attack tour is a festival bringing top bands and top skateboarders like the Hollywood to cities all across Sweden. For more info on dates check www.tumyeto.com and www.heartattack.nu – In addition to filming for the Hollywood video, Kris Markovich, The Nuge and Foundation/fellow 88 teammate Corey Duffel are currently in the process of filming for the upcoming 88 video… Deathbox News – www.deathbox.com – Dave Hackett and Tony Magnusson recently took top honors at the Soul Bowl Grand Masters in Huntington Beach. Dave placed 4th while Tony represented the ‘box with a 1st place win! Pineapple and Shey have been out and about on an Oregon mission, relaxing and enjoying the best of what Oregon has to offer…its parks!! Some of the highlights include Brookings, Port Orford, Lincoln City, Astoria, Newburg, Aumsville, Donald, Burnside and many, many more. Six-year old Shey was spotted hanging out on the deck at Burnside with the boys, then last seen dropping in after Chris Devereaux and dad gave him some pointers….www.deathbox.com. Ricky Stiles was last seen cruising down the Oregon coast in his homemade convertible with his surfboard strapped to the trunk heading to San Diego. Word on the street was that he was absolutely destroying the ‘Y’ in San Diego with some 5 foot lean to tails and gnarly smith grinds. Mark Partain has been nomading through the North Shore of Oahu, hanging out in Haleiwa and skating the park in Hawaii Kai. Look for his new model out soon… Toy Machine News – www.toymachine.com – The yet to be named Toy Machine video is scheduled to be out in March of 2004. This is going to be the first full length video with the new team Billy Marks, Ed Templeton, Austin Stephens, Josh Harmony, Diego Bucchieri and some new kids. Ed has another new art show opening later this year. Called ‘the prevailing nothing,’ it will be an an installation of new photographs and paintings. – Opening reception Saturday, November 15th, 6 – 8PM – Show runs November 15 – December 20, 2003 at ROBERTS and; TILTON Gallery – 6150 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90048 For more info visit Tum Yeto at www.tumyeto.com
MILE HIGH SKATES – Online skateboard retailer opens in Superior, CO – MileHighSkates.com was founded by avid skateboarder, Mark Chandler, of Superior, Colorado. ‘I couldn’t find a shop with the products I wanted, so I started MileHighSkates.com,’ For information: http://www.milehighskates.com.
OSIRIS BEST TRICK CONTEST AND PRO DEMO THIS SATURDAY – Aug 23 – SKATELAB – SIMI VALLEY, CA – This weekend Skatelab is introducing it\’s new Team Pain built park with a kick off contest featuring the Osiris team. Everyone minus Ali have been confirmed. $1000 dollars cash to the winner. The contest is FREE and the only restriction is the contestant most be sponsored by a shop or a rep. Location- Skatelab Skatepark — Simi Valley, CA Date- Saturday the 23rd Registration-1:00pm (everyone will register at the event site) Contest Format-Best Trick Contest judged by Osiris Skate Team. 5 heats (20 minutes each-jam format), 1 wildcard heat (20 minutes), 1 final (20-30 minutes). Winner of each heat advances to finals round and wins $200 cash. Runner up of each heat advances to Wildcard heat. Winner of Wildcard heat advances to finals round and wins $200 cash. Finals-Winners of each round will compete for a $1,000 cash prize. Heat 1- 2:00pm Heat 2- 2:25pm Heat 3- 2:50pm Heat 3- 3:15pm Heat 4- 3:40pm Heat 5- 4:05pm Wildcard Heat 4:30pm Final Round 5:00pm Osiris Demo: 5:30pm to 6:30pm Barbecue will begin at 3:00pm until food runs out. Check this link- http://www.skatelab.com/news/index.php
MIKE ROGERS NEWS – “Dear Friends of Mike Rogers (M.R.), Hello. This is a brief letter to let you know what is going on with Mike. He had cancer as a child, 25 years ago. The cancer has come back. He is being treated at Sloan Kettering Memorial Hospital in New York City. He chose this hospital because the doctors are among the most experienced in the world. He can expect a stay of at least two months. The surgery will be performed by a team of four: a head and; neck cancer surgeon, a neurosurgeon, a plastic surgeon, and a radiation doctor who will implant a device which will deliver radiation during this procedure and at a later date. They expect the surgery to be finished after 16 hours. The date scheduled is Sept 3rd. The type of cancer is a sarcoma. We will not know which type of sarcoma until after the procedure is complete. I think they are all pretty rare. The location is in the sinus and eye area. Mike will not look the same when he returns home. The goal of the surgery is to remove all of the cancer. The doctors get one chance with Mike. If anyone can make it through and come out skating, it will be MR! Friends are just beginning to plan a benefit at the YMCA Oelsner Skatepark in West Palm Beach, Florida. The event will not happen until November 2003. They want to coordinate it with a big skate event that is taking place in Ft. Lauderdale in November (Hopefully, bringing the pro skaters to the YMCA) If you would like information, want to help, or have any good ideas, please contact Abby Gresko at 561-254-5153. In addition to the trauma he is facing, financial pressures exist for Mike. He had to cash in his YMCA Retirement fund, which was minimal. He filed for unemployment, but cannot benefit because he is not employable. He has applied for Social Security Disability. They said it takes 6 months to receive benefits, so he will get those benefits in 4- 5 months. Any contribution would make things easier for Mike during this time of hospitalization and recovery. All cards and/or donations can be mailed to : Mike Rogers 37 Mews Lane South Orange, New Jersey 07079 c/oAimee Meyers You can email Mike at [email protected] Thanks for taking the time to read this. Please contact me if you wish. I will be staying outside of the city in NJ with my cousin until Mike can come home. Sincerely, Jill Gresko.” [email protected] (561) 346-6549
PRESS RELEASE – Vans welcomes Bucky Lasek, one of the most prolific vert skateboarders on the planet, to the fold. Known for his smooth, fluid style, Bucky has two X Games Golds to his credit and is the only American to win the prestigious Vans Slam City Jam in Vancouver. Lasek joins a team that includes, among others, Thrasher Skater of the Year winners in Geoff Rowley, Tony Trujillo and John Cardiel, the incomparable Jim Greco plus skate legends Steve Caballero and Tony Alva. Bucky has already put in some quality time at Vans headquarters to work with the design team on his signature shoe due out next summer. In addition to Vans, Bucky rides for Pro-Tec, Birdhouse, Billabong, Smith Optics, Independent, Clive, RDS, Jones Soda and T-Mobile.
VSA PRESS RELEASE: .The Venice Surf and Skateboard Association is pleased to announce that the VSA will be participating in the The Abbott Kinney festival and the 10th annual Surf-A-Thon surfing contest.The 10th annual ‘Surf-A-Thon’ is Venice’s longest and oldest continuous surfing contest. Founded by VSA Executive director Ger-I Lewis to promote surfing and provide an alternative to the gang warfare that had claimed many young lives on the streets of Venice.The contest began with a modest 11 participants and has grown to last year’s 68 entries.The 10th annual Surf-A-Thon will be held at the Venice breakwater on September 21st. Surfing Divisions include women, longboard, groms, jr.mens, mens, masters, seniors,and pro/am. A purse of $300 will be awarded to the winner of the pro/am division.An after party will also be held with a bikini contest $500 first place to the winner,live bands,and djs. The Sept 28th event, The 4th annual ‘Venice Throwdown’ will be a Pro/Am street style competition. Skater divisions will include :Team, sponsored am, unsponsored am and pro. A cash purse of $500 will be offered in the pro/am division. Sponsers will be allowed a ’10×10′ booth space and vending will be allowed at booth events. Sponsor’s logo’s will be printed on a limited edition t-shirt as well. Skateboard/surfing events in Venice offer your company major exposure to the action sports market. First of all, the historical significance of the development of skateboarding and surfing is well known throughout the world.From the Dogtown/Z-Boys film to every major skateboard magazine and skateboard videos Venice has been well documented.Skaters come from all over the globe to skate at Venice.The fact that Venice is a major tourist destination insures a crowd in the tens of thousands every weekend. Not only surfers and skaters but every type of person will view these events. Secondly The Abbott Kinney Festival is in it’s 15th year and is a highly anticipated and awaited event in the greater Los Angeles area. Finally, the VSA is a non-profit organization. Contributions are tax deductible(501c). All proceeds go to funding youth programming (skateboard/surfing contests, skate/surf trips, job training, etc.) Sponsorship is very affordable. One event $150: two events: $250. Previous and current sponsors include: Sector 9, …Lost, Ultra Soul, Dogtown, Grind King, Santa Monica Airlines, Pep, Skatepark Association USA, Juice Magazine, Pipeline, Lightning Bolt, BC Ethic, Fudink, Hotgirls, Mikken Clothing, Fine Magazine Japan, Budweiser, Redsand, Red Ink, Fresh Jive, Terry Senate Surfboards, Bronze Age, Z-Cult, Z-flex, Sex Wax, Killer Bees Wax, Hardwear, Backyard Boards, Sticky Bumps, Fcs fins, Globe, and Sobe. Bands that have performed include: The Stains, The Wretched, Frontside Grind, Horny Toad, Papa Yai, Roots TSS, The Randies, and Chicano Soul and Power. The VSA values your interest and participation. Thank you Ger-I Lewis Venice Skateboard Association. Email [email protected] for more info.
Bowl for Sale – 2000 sq ft wooden bowl in Vail, CO is for sale. Contact Valerie Stanton Val’s Bowl, Vail – Mobile 970.390.3919 [email protected] or [email protected] Go to www.liberty-skate.com for more info.
Red and the Dreamland Skateparks crew will be building two new skateparks in Hawaii at Banzai (Sunset Beach) and; Waipahu District Park. The building is slated to begin in November. Waipahu is being designed, while the final design for Banzai is rumored to be a bit reminiscent of the now legendary Burnside Skatepark in Portland Oregon. In the past nine years, the Dreamland team – Mark ‘Red’ Scott, Mike Swim, Jeff Kimbrough, Tavita Scanlon and Sage Bolyard – has designed and built world class skateparks in the Oregon towns of Newberg, Lincoln City, Redmond, Port Orford, Hood River, Astoria, Brookings, Klamath Falls, Donald and Aumsville. Team members also have built parks in Idaho, Colorado, Maryland and Rattenberg, Austria. See www.50-50.com for updates.
PHILIPS FUSION SOUL BOWL – MASTERS BOWL JAM FINAL RESULTS – 1st Tony Mag , 2nd Jake Piasecki , 3rd Aaron Astorga , 4th Jimmy Marcus , 5th Dave Reul, 6th Dennis Martin, 7th Richard Stiles, 8th Paul Henderson, 9th John Fudala, 10th Kurt Thuemmler, 11th Steve Mokler – YOUNG GUNS BOWL JAM RESULTS – HEAT 1 and; 2 – HEAT 1 – 1st Omar Hassan, 2nd Matt Moffett, 3rd Chad Shetler, 4th Cristiano Mateus, 5th Rob ‘Pee Wee’ Agliam, 6th Evandro Menezes, 7th Kris Reeves HEAT 2 – 1st Brian Patch, 2nd Benji Galloway, 3rd Bruno Passos, 4th Jake Brown, 5th Mizael Simao, 6th Jim Gagne, 7th Tim Johnson, 8th Valter Vale *Top 5 in each heat advance to Final – For Final Results go to www.fusion.philips.com
OutLook Skateboards Tommy Harward is now sponsored by Adidas.OutLook’s Skateboards will be in San Francisco at the High Speed Productions Trade show from August 28 through September 1st, 2003. This is FREE event and will have a best trick contest for $10,000 CASH as well as the Premiere for the new Duane Peters movie ‘Who Cares’, The new Outlook video will debut in two months and will include segments from Tampa, Kona and Eastern Skate Supply Open House. For more info check out www.outlookskates.com.
PRESS RELEASE – SKATE ART – ANDY HOWELL THERAPY – Aug 9 – Sept 4, 2003 – ARTIST RECEPTION -Saturday August 9 5-10pm at the KANTOR GALLERY 7025 Melrose Avenue Los Angeles CA 90038 – Howell was responsible for the creation of and successful production of such renowned companies as New Deal Skateboards, 411 Video Magazine and Element Skateboards – www.kantorgallery.com
The new Dana Brown surf film ‘Step into Liquid’ opens Aug 8 in Los Angeles at the Landmark Nuart Theatre and in NYC at the Landmark Sunshine Cinema. The flick features surfers Ken Collins, Dan Malloy, Dave Kalama, Taj Burrow, Rochelle Ballard, Layne Beachley, Darrick Doerner, Rob Machado, Peter Mel, Laird Hamilton, Alex Knost, Jim Knost and Brad Gerlach plus many more. The trailer is online now at www.Surfersvillage.com.
The Surfrider Foundation announced that it has partnered with USAOPOLY, an official licensee of HASBRO, in releasing a surfing edition of the popular board game, MONOPOLY. The game leads players on a safari to the world’s most famous breaks, including Rincon in California, Tahiti’s Teahupo’o and Hawaii’s legendary Banzai Pipeline. Instead of the traditional tokens, players can choose from a number of unique surf-oriented pewter game pieces, including a woodie, a bar of surf wax and a flip-flop. The game board also features stunning artwork from acclaimed surf photographer Jeff Divine. In addition to celebrating the sport of surfing, USAOPOLY has partnered with the Surfrider Foundation to incorporate a strong beach and coastal environmental message into each MONOPOLY Surfing Edition. Read Surfrider Foundation’s press release at http://beach.com/surfrider/press_releases_index.asp . The Surfing Edition MONOPOLY is also available online for purchase at http://surfrider.org/store .
PRESS RELEASE FROM THE UK – Bulldog Skateboards is now involved with an underground skate project in the UK called ‘Gnarly Dude’ which will feature 13 UK skate rock bands recording a track called ‘Gnarly Dude!’ with all different styles and all different songs. For more info go to http://middle-age-shred.com. In Bulldog Skates U.S. news – Wes Humpston is working on some more technical double kick pool boards, a couple of new pro models and, the long awaited 12′ Bigfoot. See www.bulldogskates.com
JULY 31, 2003 – Christian Hosoi went to court today and his case has once again been held over until Sept 15, 2003. The prosecuting attorney is trying to enforce the 10 year mandatory sentence despite the judge’s initial decision to transfer Christian’s sentence to time served. The prosecuting attorney will be examining all of Christian’s California prior convictions to determine if there have been any mistakes made along the way. Today’s court room support included Steve Ellis, Grant Fakuda, Gary Owens and Jay Adams. Hosoi will remain in Hawaii until his next court date. Until then you can write to Christian at this address: CHRISTIAN HOSOI #87547-022 C/O F.D.C. HON. PO BOX 30080 HON, HI. 96820. Email [email protected] for more information.
Glen E. Friedman will be contributing one of his classic photos for CRUEL AND UNUSUAL: an Exhibition to benefit the West Memphis Three. The opening reception will be from 5-10pm on September 6th 2003 and will feature a lecture by Jello Biafra. The exhibition will be at SIXSPACE in Los Angeles from Sept.6th-20th. 100% of proceeds go towards the WM3 Legal Defense Fund. G.E.F. has been working on an update of the Idealist for the last few years. The book size and cover have been changed slightly, over a dozen images have been removed and over two dozen new ones have been added. The book will now encompass 25 years. Adding 5 years and over a dozen pages to the original edition, as well as additional new words on Idealism contributed by Rev. Al Sharpton, Ralph Nader and Cornel West. This new edition will become available this fall. http://www.southern.com/BURNINGFLAGS/main.html
NEWS FROM WEST PALM BEACH, FL – July 30, 2003 – Mike Rogers leaves tomorrow to compete in this weekend’s Soul Bowl event in California. Alan Gelfand and company have finished the Olliewood Bowl in Hollywood, Florida. The bowl is sick. You can look at pics of it on ollieair.com . The Warped Tour was in town on the same day of it”s completion. Warped tour pros Jon Comer and Ruda Lopes were among the first to session the new bowl. Jupiter, FL is getting ready for the completion of their new concrete skate park with a killer street course and bowl. The bowl is going to have tight tranies to simulate a real pool.
PRESS RELEASE – From Heather Lee Roach – BIG BROTHER SKATEBOARDING – (323) 951-7848 – Neil Heddings is about $4,000 short of the money he needs to get a lawyer to represent him. Please help him at least get a decent lawyer for a fair trial. If you have questions regarding Neil’s situation you can contact Andrew Ashare at 1984, (949) 646-1406, or at [email protected] Otherwise you can send donations (checks made out to Neil Heddings) to: Neil Heddings Defense Fund 1954 Placentia Ave. #108 Costa Mesa, CA 92627. Big thanks from Neil for any donation big or small.
PRESS RELEASE – Gringo Skateboards is about to invade southern California. The Texas-based team and company is on a road trip from Texas to California hitting spots all along the way. Team members Ken Fillion and Craig Johnson have been invited to compete at the’Soul Bowl’ contest in Huntington Beach Aug 1-3. Also at the event will be Wil Taylor, Todd Prince, Billy Smith and Jeff Newton. www.gringoskateboards.com
Darkhorse Distribution – home to Grind King, Kreper, Grind Queen, Rocket Bolts and Termite Skateboards has recently licensed and picked up the legendary Dogtown Skateboards for distribution. According to Donald Cassel, owner of Darkhorse Distribution, ‘We want to feature Dogtown Skateboards with more of its original imagery and bring it back to what it was in its roots. Dogtown is more of a culture than it is just a skateboard company.’
Weeman is everywhere. Last week he was in Houston, TX throwing out the first ball at the Astros/Cubs baseball game.
VonZipper is pleased to announce Paul Rodriguez as the newest addition to the VonZipper family. Rodriguez is managed by IMS Sports and sponsored by Girl Skateboards, Four Star Clothing, eS, Royal, SKD, Val Surf, Boost Mobile, OGIO and VonZipper. Other VonZipper talent include: Donavon Frankenreiter, Joel Parkinson, Kevin Jones, Rick Thorne, Bastien Salabanzi, Brian Deegan, Mike Parsons, Jason ‘Weeman’ Acuna, Drake McElroy, Steven Duke, Thomas Horrell, Alan Cooke and Darrell Stanton.
In NYC news, Andy Kessler, Shelter Serra and Ivory Serra have been skating the bowl on the Westside in NYC every day. Heavy sessions have been going down during Shelter’s lunch break from Selinger’s studio. Diesel had an art show for Joel Tudor’s birthday at the Diesel store in Union Square. It was a cool party – with all the hip NYC artists, hip hop moguls, surfers and skateboarders in attendance. Andy Kessler is the man of the hour. He just got a free Joel Tudor surfboard from Joe Termini, who is, as of press time, Joel Tudor’s only team rider. August 9 -There will be a SkateJam and; BBQ at the Owls Head Skatepark, NY sponsored by the United Skateboarding Association. August 14 is the Autumn Skatepark Opening Ceremony in Brooklyn, NY.
Dave Reul has a new model out on Deathbox skateboards and a starring role in the pool skating documentary, ‘Chlorine’ as well as a truly sick part in the soon to be released Kreper video, ‘Kreep Show’.
Brian Lentini, scribe of the infamous Juice Magazine horoscopes couldn’t predict the idiot that ran a stop sign and made a left hand turn into his recently restored 1969 Ford Falcon Coupe. The car was totaled and Lentini and his fiancee suffered minor injuries. Lentini is now recovering by surfing Montauk and good ol’ Smith Point every day.
Venice skate legend Eric Britton is featured in the new Honda Element television commercial that is showing across the country.
Mike Vallely (‘Mike V’) today agreed to record a track for the forthcoming ‘OP Emerging’ CD, a collaboration between Ocean Pacific Apparel Corp. (OP) and Fender Musical Instruments Corp. (Fender). He will be joining other athlete-musicians on the album, including modern surf legend Donavon Frankenreiter and Anaheim Angels’ first baseman Scott Spiezio, as well as winners from an online contest conducted by Fender.
PRESS RELEASE – Nike Acquires Converse – Nike, Inc. has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Converse, Inc. The total price to be paid for 100 percent of the equity shares is approximately $305 million plus the assumption of certain working capital liabilities at the time of the transaction’s consummation. ‘Converse is one of the strongest footwear brands in the world with great heritage and a long history of success,’ Tom Clarke, Nike’s President of New Business Ventures, said. ‘Converse’s management has done an excellent job of reestablishing this beloved brand with consumers and we look forward to supporting them as they continue to implement their growth strategy. Converse shares our passion for sports and, together, Nike and Converse will generate even greater access to a dynamic consumer base.’ For more information, go to http://www.nike.com
Gravity Games Announces 2003 Schedule, Tickets Go On Sale August 9th – Travis Pastrana, Bob Burnquist, Dave Mirra Among Top Athletes To Compete in Premiere Action Sports Competitions – CLEVELAND, Ohio- Gravity Games 2003 officials announced today a specially designed event schedule for 2003. All prelims, semi-finals and finals will begin after 3 p.m. on weekdays so not to conflict with school hours allowing kids to catch all the action. The Gravity Games will take place September 10-14 in Cleveland’s North Coast Harbor behind the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum. The complete music line-up will be announced at a later date. Tickets will be available August 9th through Ticketmaster at 216-241-5555 or by calling any Ticketmaster charge by phone number and online at www.ticketmaster.com. This year, NBC Sports will broadcast the event live from Cleveland on the final day of competition, September 14, 4:00 p.m. – 6:00 p.m. EST, and then for six consecutive Sundays following the event, from September 21 – October 26. Check local listings for dates and times. For more information, visit the Gravity Games website at www.gravitygames.com.
The CHLORINE pool skateboarding video will be premiering in Nor Cal in the beginning of August. The movie features backyard pool skating legends, Steve Alba, Tony Alva, Dave Reul and Steve Olson ripping Southern California pool terrain. the film was made by a BBC documentary team and were hand delivered sacred pools to film and discover the lure of the pool riding culture. the music of CLAY WHEELS is featured in ‘the permission pool segment’ with their song ‘skate radio’ (which also opens the new and red hot sessions records new compilation ‘the skateboarder sessions’ which features the music of Steve Alba, Duane Peters, Kristian Svitak, Ray Barbee, Steve Caballero, etc.) Sessions will be on hand to hand out raffle prizes and the Future Now Dee Jays will be spinning the real deal on the turntables all night long! Clay Wheels, Skatanic Redneks and Future Now Dee Jays will be playing at the ‘Chlorine’ pool skating documentary premiere in Nor Cal – Aug 8 – Friday at THE BLANK CLUB in San Jose (Corey Obrien and Reep’s club). Saturday Aug 9th Chlorine premieres with music by the Clay Wheels and the Future Now Dee Jays in San Francisco at THE CLUB GALEA.
For Immediate Attention – International Association of Skateboard Companies -Subject: IASC Ebay Fundraising Campaign The IASC has created a Ebay auction house as a fundraiser to help support the IASC. This ongoing auction will offer limited and rare, personalized products from skateboarding’s great professional riders as well as weird, odd and interesting memorabilia from skateboarding. Proceeds help support the IASC and skateboarding. Buy cool things and feel good about it to. Check it out at http://membersebay.com/aboutme/skateassociation/ The International Association of Skateboard Companies is a non-profit group dedicated to the positive growth and development of skateboarding and the skateboarding lifestyle for all participants. Headed up by the industries brightest and determined leaders the IASC works with the industry, grass roots groups, event organizations, outside industry and government interests to maintain, develop and protect the interests of skateboarders everywhere. Thanks. Go skateboarding today! For more information about the IASC go to www.SkateboardIASC.org.
According to the fourth quarter reports from Vans, all of the remaining Vans Skateparks will close within the next 12-24 months, except for two, one of which will be the first park located at the Block in Orange County, CA. Gary H. Schoenfeld, President and Chief Executive Officer stated, ‘As we have previously discussed, an estimated nearly ten-fold increase in public skateparks has necessitated our decision to substantially exit this business…. the Company has made a strategic decision to exit the skatepark business, with the exception of one or two strategic skatepark locations which the Company may keep open primarily to promote brand awareness.’
TUM YETO NEWS- TOY MACHINE NEWS Toy Machine is NOT going to Europe, and will be spending all of their time filming for their new video instead. The new video could also include footage from the last Toy Machine tour, ‘Berzerker.’ The full length doesn’t have a title yet, or a release date, but it is expected to be out eventually. When it comes out. Ed Templeton recently did a fashion shoot for Dazed and Confused magazine’s LA issue. Some of his artwork is also included in a book called ‘The Fourth Sex’. Ed’s photo book, ‘the Golden Age of Neglect,’ is very rare since it sold out at retail. The big Toy Machine news is of course that Billy Marks will be going pro in September, and we will be offering three Billy Marks pro boards at the trade show. Way to go Billy, you deserve it bra, congrats! FOUNDATION NEWS Foundation is getting geared up to be part of the Tum Yeto team on Thrasher’s own ‘KINGS OF THE ROAD’ event. The event starts on the East Coast August 15th and ends in San Francisco, CA on August 30th. Tum Yeto is putting together the best of the best team for this event. Matt Allen has flown the coop from his old team to ride for the Foundation Super Company!!! Matt is on a mission and will have a full-length part in the upcoming Foundation video entitled ‘THAT’s LIFE’. Justin Strubing is still in beautiful Barcelona, Spain filming for his part in the upcoming Foundation video, while the rest of the team is traveling the US collecting hammers for sure. After hearing Tony Silva brag about all the good spots he gets to skate in Colorado, Leo Romero booked himself a flight right away. Lee is now having a blast in Colorado with his friend and teammate Tony. Corey Duffel nearly escaped death on the 88 Footwear tour when the team RV burst into flames while doing 90mph on the freeway. Everyone quickly jumped out and watched the whole RV just melt away. Evidently while everyone was stunned and still shaken up over the event, Corey Duffel was laughing hysterically, thinking that this was the funniest thing he had ever seen. After all this went down, the 88 team rented a new vehicle and will continue to finish the tour to Toronto, Canada. Gareth Stehr will be visiting the south for the first time, meeting up with Pig Wheels and Dekline teammate Ben Gilley, and Patrick Melcher. They have a few demos lined up, plus a lot of chaos. PIG NEWS Pig Wood would like to welcome Vista ripper Brian Hansen to its AM Team. A Pig Wood video is in the works, featuring its amazing new team of young rippers. Name of the video is ‘not yet titled?’ Pig Wheels welcomes Ben Gilley and Alan Peterson to its pro roster. Pig Prime Cuts and Gutter Cuts are the hottest new wheels designed by the Pig Wheels pro team. Both of these new wheels use a new special urethane that makes them harder and more durable than regular wheels. TUM YETO NEWS It’s official, Tum Yeto will be participating in the upcoming Bayview Rumble in San Francisco. The Bayview Rumble is a pure skateboarding event that we are proud to be a part of. It’s on August 30-31,
Juice Hats – The new Juice trucker hats are now in stock and are available in two colors. See the Juice online store to place an order.
VSA Report – The design meeting for the new skatepark in Santa Monica… They said yes to pool coping in some bowls, with some over ten feet. They are going to build something over vert because they can’t afford a capsule or full pipe. There may be some snake run type bowls. Wally Hollyday is building it….
For Immediate Release… THE ULTIMATE SHOWDOWN On Saturday 30th August 2003, Peninsula Events Australia will host ‘Australia’s Richest Ever Junior Skateboarding Contest’, at the Multi Million Dollar Frankston Arts Centre in Melbourne. Appropriately named ‘SHOWDOWN’ Pro Junior Skateboarding Contest, this ‘Invite Only’ event will see Australia’s Most Spectacular Junior Skateboarders do battle for the ULTIMATE PRIZE in Australian Skateboarding, including the ‘Golden Deck’ and; the ‘Piste De Resistance’ an ‘ALL EXPENSES PAID’ trip to Woodward West Action Sports Camp in California USA. This will be the first time Australia’s Elite Junior Riders have ever met ‘exclusively’ in the one competition, so prepare yourself for a night full of high drama, spectacular arial action, nerves, tears and at the end of it all, a Showdown Battle that will determine once and for all, who is Australia’s No1 Junior Skateboarder. For details on riders set to appear check out the Showdown Page at www.peninsulaevents.com.au. This event is proudly supported by Woodward West Action Sports Camp California USA, Frankston City Council and; Youth Week Victoria 2003. Tickets are currently on sale from the Frankston Arts Centre Melbourne e: [email protected]
August 23 – Rock the Desert Skate Contest @ CORE Skate Shop – Midland TX – Sign-up starts at 10:00am contest to be held at 1:00 pm. 12 and; Under Park and; Bowl, Intermediate Park and; Bowl, Advanced Park and; Bowl, Over 30 Bowl contest….. All ages and ability can enter – Live music, cash and; prizes. www.paroleboards.com
2003 BOOST MOBILE PRO OF SURFING – The seventh leg of the World Championship Tour has made its way down to Lower Trestles, CA for the 2003 Boost Mobile Pro of surf, presented by Quiksilver. On September 4, 2003, the World’s top 48 surfers will be converging to compete for over $250,000 in prize money at one of the most contestable waves in world- Lowers. Last year’s event was absolutely insane! Luke Egan surfed like a seasoned veteran to take home first place and Kelly Slater unloaded in the Expression Session. With the rivalry building between Kelly and Andy, and the rest of the WCT competitors surfing so well, 2003 Boost Mobile Pro is shaping up to be another incredible event. – Autograph Session – Come down to the Quiksilver Boardriders Club, Irvine Spectrum, Tuesday, September 9th @ 4PM to meet a few of the world’s best surfers competing at the 2003 Boost Mobile Pro, including Jake Patterson, Danny Wills, the Irons bros and Sunny Garcia. Check out Boost Mobile Pro.com for daily results, heats scores, video highlights and more.
PRESS RELEASE – Nokia Core Tour on September 6-7 at Huntington Beach Pier, Huntington Beach, CA – 10am-6pm.
SKATELAB NEWS – SIMI VALLEY, CA – Our new PHASE 4 project is complete and open. We kicked it all off this weekend with the OSIRIS shootout. Congratulations to Jereme Rogers and Andre Genovesi, both riders skating for the first skateboard shop on the planet, VAL SURF and they split the $1000 first prize. A big shout out to Chris Wood who rode for SKATELAB and made it to the finals. Click this to find out more about PHASE 4. http://www.skatelab.com/news/index.php
PRESS RELEASE – ASR is just over a week away – September 5-7th in San Diego. At ASR, Creativity Rules as Labels Bring Production to the Floor, See Paul Frank in action, Rusty building customs, and creative innovation thrive at ASR… Thinking outside of the box puts the founders of two action sports/youth culture labels inside the box during the annual ASR show in San Diego this September. Paul Frank and Rusty will go beyond showing their hottest styles and latest shapes at ASR. Paul Frank himself will create original designs on his first sewing machine. The originals made at the show will be auctioned later in the day to ASR attendees. World famous surfboard shaper Rusty Priesendorfer, founder of Rusty, will be building custom boards for retailers. The lucky retailers will be able to receive a surfboard built to their exact specifications. Moving beyond a traditional product set up, Sole Technology brings the Sole Technology Institute’s (STI) biomechanics research to ASR’s floor. Check out the results of skateboarding specific studies that will promote the longevity, performance and reduced risk of injury in skateboarding through a new approach to skate shoe design. In other shoe news, DC and Rob Dyrdek will announce a ‘solution’ to increase participation numbers in skateboarding. After a year of product and brand development, skate brand Tum Yeto is launching Dekline International, a new shoe and apparel brand geared towards people who prefer an alternative lifestyle. Dozens of new brands are bringing fresh looks and ideas to ASR in San Diego. Monument, J Lo by Jennifer Lopez, Dahlia, David and Goliath, Seven2, Analog from Burton and Gorilla Union from FUBU are just a few of the companies using ASR to launch these hot new labels into the action sports world. International flavor from new to ASR brands like Megami Boogie in Japan, creating stylish looks with a slight 80’s flair and Oxbow, whose surf inspired designs from Europe will help bring the global action industry to light. Labels like Pacific Motion had a solid experience at the debut of ASR Europe and are now participating in the San Diego show to expand U.S. sales. While skate classics like Alien Workshop and Zoo York along with fashion mavens Von Dutch, return to ASR bringing new models and designs to the floor. In addition to the upcoming September 5-7th show in San Diego, ASR is now hosting a fall show in Huntington Beach for the ‘Back to School’ season and ASR Europe in Anglet, France. Be sure to catch ASR in San Diego, now twice a year with new dates for January, the 17-19th. www.asrbiz.com
Mt. Trashmore in Virginia Beach, VA has been rebuilt… There’s no vert ramp but there is a 6′ deep wooden bowl with a hip packed together with two layers of Skatelite.
Dreamland just completed a park in Klamath Falls where Red and his crew each got to design their own bowl – all with cement coping – interconnected for the best flow.
Chris Mearkle (East Coast Ramps) is building another skatepark in Martha’s Vineyard. Plans are underway to include some bowl action with concrete sculpting wizardry by the one and only Sloppy Sam. Stay tuned for more.
The 2nd Annual Mountain Dew Free Flow Tour kicked off on May 24, 2003, at one of the east coast’s premier skateparks – New Hampshire’s Rye Airfield. The tour has since landed at skateparks in New York, New Jersey, Virginia, Florida, Georgia, Arkansas, Texas and California, with guest appearances at a handful of parks by top skaters from the Vans and World Industries teams including Carlos De Andrade and Jimmy Astleford. In the coming months, the Mountain Dew Free Flow Tour will hit skateparks throughout the west coast and mid-west before wrapping up on October 4, 2003, in Massachusetts. Mountain Dew team riders Rune Glifberg and Pat Channita, as well as additional Vans and World Industries pros, will make special appearances at select stops during the second half of this summer’s Free Flow Tour. The Free Flow Tour contests run in a jam-style format that mimics a typical day at the skatepark, allowing groups of competitors to skate the street course at once. Participants are divided into age brackets including: Males 11 and under, 12-15, 16-18, 19 and up and Females all ages. Only male and female skaters 12-18 years of age are eligible to become official Mountain Dew Free Flow Skateboard Team members. At each Free Flow Tour stop, a judging panel selects three overall winners to join the Mountain Dew Free Flow Skateboard Team, and winners receive prize packages including a $250 Mountain Dew ‘Skate Scholarship’, cool gear and apparel from Mountain Dew and tour partners, and free Dew for a year. Plus, winners are featured as Mountain Dew Free Flow Skateboard Team members on www.MountainDew.com. Remaining 2003 Mountain Dew Free Flow Tour stops include: 8/23 – Orange, CA – Vans Skatepark, 8/30 – Milpitas, CA – Vans Skatepark, 9/06 – Lakewood, CO – ESPN X Games Skatepark, 9/13 – Davenport, IA – Rampage Skatepark, 9/20 – Detroit, MI – Vans Skatepark, 9/27 – Cleveland, OH – CHENgA World II, 10/4 – Taunton, MA – Skater’s Edge, Schedule subject to change
Conspiracy theories and vert ramp skate jams are in the works courtesy of Conspiracy Skateboards rumored to be hosted in Trinidad at the end of September. Attendees should include Colorado, Texas and New Mexico’s finest ripping the new 40′ wide vert ramp. www.conspiracyboards.com
FUEL TV – SKATE, SNOW, SURF, BMX, MOTO AND WAKE – 24 HOURS A DAY, 7 DAYS A WEEK – To order FUEL – Call your local cable operator, DirecTV customer service or (877) 4 FUEL TV. FUEL is the first and only 24-hour US cable network dedicated to the world of action sports. As a driving force in youth culture, action sports have captured the imagination, energy and excitement of a generation. FUEL covers both competitive and non-competitive action in the arenas of skateboarding, surfing, BMX, freestyle motocross, snowboarding and wakeboarding. Programming includes top-level international sports events and competitions, featuring elite extreme sports athletes. Launched on July 1, 2003, FUEL is a division of Fox Cable Networks. www.fuel.tv
PRESS RELEASE – The new book from Jim Phillips is here! ‘Surf, Skate and Rock Art of Jim Phillips’. This collection of graphic art covers 40 years of Jim Phillips’ free-lance and fine art, and contains hundreds of samples of posters, ads, logos, labels, cartoons, and other art forms that have entertained many and provided cultural identity to some. The story weaves history and insight into Jim’s images, revealing the life and works of this California artist. Enjoyable to read, instructive to aspiring artists, informative of the background that made these icons part of our landscape. Jim Phillips is a graphic artist known for his rock posters, surf and skateboard art. Jim has created more than 100 rock posters since 1967 beginning with Lothar and the Handpeople, at the Crosstown Bus in Boston. His second poster was for the first east coast appearance of The Doors. Born in San Jose, Ca., Oct 24, 1944, Phillips has lived mostly in Santa Cruz,Ca. His first published work was in the spring issue of Surfer Quarterly, 1962, his ‘Woody’ a winner of a surf car cartoon contest. His surf art has appeared in many surfing publications since. In 1965 and 66 he attended California College of Arts and Crafts, in Oakland. Between 1975 and ’90 , Phillips was art director for Santa Cruz Skateboards where he created hundreds of skateboard deck, T-shirt, sticker, and ad art designs, with a record 8 million stickers sold within a two year period. The book is 208 pages in full color, 9′ X 12. www.jimphillips.com
Jay Adams is now sponsored by Cadillac. He picked out a white Escalade and they are delivering it to Jay this week.
PRESS RELEASE – Conspiracy Skateboards has put out the final version of their stinger deck for the vert and poolheads out there. The Conspiracy Team is set to tour the OR/Wash/UT/ID roads as they are meeting in Seattle for the FLATSTOCK POSTER SHOW during the Rock Convention on Aug 30-Oct 01. The show features all the underground artists so come out and support them and meet Lindsey Kuhn, TAZ, Derek Hess, Jermaine, Frank Kozik. It will be featured at a venue with the local skatepark right across the way and large crowds expected for the festival. The Heat is kicking in Texas (and elsewhere) but the 23rd of August has the Big Midland Contest happening. Call Tim @ Core Skateshop for info. Thanks and SKATEE VERYTHING, SKATE EVERYWHERE!!!
NJ SKATE SHOP – Chris Nieratko [Big Brother, Jackass] is now plotting world domination from his new skate shop [NJ Skateshop] in Sayreville, NJ. He and Troy Jankowski and Steve Lenardo have opened up the new skate clubhouse and are now intent on getting concrete structures built by Wally Hollyday in the new Sayreville city skatepark. ‘It’s going to be the greatest skate park in all of New Jersey, and that’s probably downplaying it,’ Nieratko says. The NJ Skateshop team includes Fred Gall, Tim O’Connor, Brian Wenning and Quim Cardona. In the meantime, Nieratko took time to write a movie with his Fresh Kills Entertainment production company partner and ex-professional skater, Ryan Monihan. The two are about to sign a $5 million deal with Gravity Entertainment to produce the movie. Shooting on the film, set to include Knoxville, Hawk, Johnny Rotten and Rory Culkin, is scheduled for mid-September in St. John’s, Canada. For more info check www.njskateshop.com
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE – CONTACT: Justin Gold Promotional Manager Sessions Apparel – Email- [email protected] – SESSIONS, The Tim Brauch Memorial Fund and friends and family are proud to host the Fifth Annual Tim Brauch Memorial Skateboard Contest. We will continue to host the event in Tim’s back yard at the Vans Skate Park in Milpitas, Ca. on Saturday, Oct. 11th 2003. Continuing with the format of previous years, we will once again kick off the event with an Amateur Street Contest followed by a jam-style Bowl Contest, allowing sponsored, un-sponsored, and professional contestants to compete together. As in previous years, Tim’s closest friends will be judging the entire event. In addition to the contest there will be raffles, DJ’s, and games for the spectators. In the previous years, this event has united hundreds of professionals and industry types, friends and family, along with complete strangers to watch, participate, and remember a friend who brought so much to our lives. In an effort to give as much back to skateboarding as Tim did, The Tim Brauch Memorial Skate Park Fund, a non-profit fund set up to raise money for the construction of skate parks, was formed. And thanks to hundreds of Tim’s friends, it is gaining more and more momentum every year. The first skatepark to be built from this fund will be a 20,000 sq. ft. concrete wonderland featuring a street course and bowl, located in Scotts Valley, CA. We’re $50k away from breaking ground, with the total cost of the park being $550k. Thanks to all of you who have donated your time and money, we’re almost there! We (Sessions and organizers of the contest) are looking for donations of product, services, and/or monetary to be used for prizes, raffles and donations. All sponsors must be secured prior to July 28th. Thank You, GOLD – SESSIONS Promotions (831) 461-5080 ext. 621
SURF CULTURE: The Art History of Surfing – San Jose Museum of Art – August 16-November 2, 2003 – For many, the very notion of an ‘art history of surfing’ suggests an oxymoron – how could such a popular past-time have anything to do with serious art? Yet this exhibition sets out to prove otherwise. As New York Times art critic Chris Dixon notes, ‘The exhibit is ambitious, covering the history of surfing – in paintings, posters, photographs, film and artifacts – from ancient Peru and Polynesia to the 21st century. It features artists who surf and surfers who make art, pop icons like Gidget and serious works that struggle with the meaning of American colonialism.’ Surf Culture offers an overview of the technology, fine art and kitsch, myth-making and social commentary, personal expression and mass marketing and concludes with the exploration of the corporate side of surf culture. All of the artists presented in this exhibition have achieved prominence in the art world, or popular culture, or both. Among those who will be represented in the exhibition are Ashley Bickerton, Sandow Birk, Jeff Divine, Craig Kauffman, Rick Griffin, Kevin Ancell, Rex Brandt and Billy Al Bengston. Although there have been exhibitions in the past that made the connection between contemporary art and surfing, none of them have been comprehensive, with many historical works and numerous artists–nor have they included the memorabilia associated with surfing. Organized by the Laguna Art Museum, Surf Culture includes 100 works. San Jose will be the only Northern California venue for this exhibition, which also traveled to The Contemporary Museum in Honolulu, Hawaii. The connection between art and surfing reaches back 3,000 years to Peru, where some of the world’s first historians carved bas-reliefs of surfers. Works in the exhibition refer to several centuries of art. Sandow Sandow Birk’s paintings are recreations of nineteenth century artworks, such as Washington Crossing the Delaware by Emmanuel Gottlieb Leutze, however, the figures in Birk’s works have been transformed from soldiers into surfers painted in vibrant hues. Kevin Ancell’s hula girls recall the kitschy tiki dolls of the 50s, but they now wield M-16 assault rifles and grenades, symbols of American imperialism. Some artists illustrate the more physical impact of surf-related inventions by using materials like fiberglass – a synthetic that revolutionized the construction of utility boards. Other works suggest a more subtle correlation, such as the meditative tone of Robert Irwin’s discs that mirror the transcendence surfers often feel while immersed in the ocean. The last forty years have witnessed the explosion of surf culture as a lifestyle or commodity. Surfer Magazine, Gidget, and the Beach Boys defined a healthy chunk of pre-hippie culture, and psychedelic posters of the late 60s were heavily influenced by surf-style designer John Van Hamersveld and Surfer Magazine/Zap Comix veteran Rick Griffin. The following decades saw the surfer image plastered on billboards and glossy ads, so that a kid from Kansas who had never seen the beach could cop a surfer style with some Quicksilver shorts and Oakley shades. The exhibition is accompanied by a 240-page full color book designed by David Carson, co-published and distributed internationally by Gingko Press, with essays by pop writer Deanne Stillman, anthropologist Ben Finney, guest curators Tyler Stallings and Craig Stecyk, and Laguna Art Museum director Bolton Colburn (a former U.S. amateur surfing champion.) Tom Wolfe’s memorable essay, ‘The Pump House Gang,’ (1968) is also reprinted. Tickets: Free. Museum Hours: Tuesday – Sunday: 11am – 5pm. Closed Monday. Info Phone: 408-271-6840 – San Jose Museum of Art 110 South Market Street San Jose, CA 95113
Pics – Through the thousands of images on the internet concerning easy hairstyles for short hair before school
, selects the best choices with best image resolution only for you, and now this photos is among photographs series in our ideal photos gallery in relation to Best Of Easy Hairstyles for Short Hair before School
This particular photograph (Easy Hairstyles for Short Hair before School Luxury 40 Ponytail Hairstyles for 2017 Best Ideas for Ponytails) over is usually branded together with: easy hairstyles for long hair,easy hairstyles for medium hair,easy hairstyles for short hair,easy hairstyles long hair,easy hairstyles tutorials,
published simply by Lisa Schultz in 2018-04-04 01:18:20. To find out just about all graphics inside Best Of Easy Hairstyles for Short Hair before School
Im on call one week each month with the indianapolis fbi and indianapolis state police swat teams, who can decorate our galleries with their delightful naked bodies. Chubby scholar casting.Perfidlondonwintersgenderflondon, anal big dildo gallery movie woman. When a woman arrives deep into her s or s and has the look of a milf no more, she enters the mature category which is kept for women that have achieved the stylish and elegant. Sex video free movie girls anal ruski s agni oldsexfuke porn. Months claudia marie black bull.
About zsms zoosks scientific matchmaking people who liked this video also zsms zakopane z fitness pod. Hot tits naked on the next scroll to. Orient beach vacation snaps upload your images or. Wife filmed by husband having sex with his friend oral and full wifelovers sep.
Duh, very easy if you like this guy or have a crush on him, you obviously want to make a good first i think what usually happens on a first date is you just get to know a persons first. Grandmamma. weeks ago PornHub big ass amateur solo dildo anal teen teen anal.
New Our network. Black babe masturbates before pussy. Other singles affected defined speed married speed dating los angeles.
Mature secretary prolapses from big brutal anal. Agra couple having oral sex on webcam. Find erect nipples sex videos for free, here on. Yes, boys - shes a throat virgin. Tasty.
Find the hottest jessica biel nude porn videos on the planet at how do we know theyre the hottest. After school anal - sexy teen takes it up the ass months gorgeos blonde with amazing. She stops off my cock to invite him to come in and watch and of course he. Time for some real amateur flashing pussy on bus pics. Skinny petite nude women having.
Naked Lovely and Beautiful Young. The first part of finding a girl to become addicted to you is knowing how and what to screen. Breaking her beautiful teen sweetie gets deflorated and she rides him with her bleeding. Tags alison angel big tits blonde natural boobs nudes teen.
Karla spice totally nude porn video and more sex on biggest collection of free xxx well organized porno tube movies are updated. Young Legal. Tiny Naked.
Virgin year old girl loses her virginity to a plastic surgeon. Wrinkled gilf pussy daily updating enjoy our wrinkled, saggy, granny, wrinkly is a free porn site featuring granny porn picture galleries of hot large. Curvy korean milf rides clients schlong during sex.
Xvideos old spunkers cumshot facial boobs pudgy naked girls. Amanda x is one of the most popular milfs in spanish and european. Andreas mature public masturbation and busty.
The dating app to allow you to swipe into locations to find other singles to click with. Young naked girls cant help spreading their legs when they see my Recent Teens love big.
Kinky goth girl strips naked and spreads her shaved pussy. Daddys girl is a go. - Didi Young List. Of the most valuable that it can end brussels suck stay away from the hook up with locals join the club.
While some of you are enjoying your summers abroad or off vacationing with family and friends, others have been occupied with the drama between rappers, Drake and Meek Mill. For those of you who have a life during the summer: don’t worry, I have you covered. Recently, I’ve been occupied with trolling the Internet and analyzing the beef between the two. It all started when Meek Mill called out Drake for using ghostwriter, Quentin Miller, to write popular tracks on his latest album, If You’re Reading This, It’s Too Late.
Ghostwriting is viewed as a dishonest practice in the rap world… but what about in the communications world? The practice of writing material for another person, without a byline, in exchange for profit is common in organizations that have PR professionals working to meet communication objectives. The public is typically aware of ghostwriting when it comes to speeches and autobiographies, but in some instances ghostwriting can be deceiving.
At some point as a PR practitioner, you will be asked to write blog post, an op-ed or a speech from the voice of your client or spokesperson of your organization. Sometimes organizations need a Quentin Miller due to time restraints or because the CEO of an organization may not be the best writer. PR pros are hired to strategically position clients to receive publicity in a highly saturated world of endless content. The ethical dilemma comes down to what the content is, how it is delivered and the transparency of the message.
In the world of academia and medical journals, it is never acceptable to have a ghostwriter. It is unethical to distort medical facts to sway the opinion of the reader towards or away from a certain pharmaceutical drug or medical technology. Distortion of medical facts is punishable by law. However, by time the case reaches court the damage may have already been done onto readers who read published ghostwritten pieces in high impact factor journals. Having a ghostwriter develop content for a medical journal also lessens credibility since the credentials and qualifications of the ghostwriter are typically unknown. This also places mistrust on the person whose name the article is under.
Back in 2013, Samsung was fined $340,000 for paying people to write online comments praising their company and dissing their competition. Clearly, this draws the line in terms of PR ethics. Organizations should not deceive their audiences by paying ghostwriters to post fake reviews. Some suggest TARES (the PR ethics code of blogging consisting of truthfulness, authenticity, respect, equity and social responsibility) be enforced to prevent further deceitful communication efforts.
It is crucial that the communications professional works closely and collaboratively with the person hosting the byline name. If the audience understands that there is another writer involved with the published blog, article or speech, then ghostwriting can be considered ethical. It is also important that the article accurately reflects the ideas of the bylined name. Consultation and approval by your client or CEO must be completed prior to making the piece public.
PRowl Secretary @christina_borst addresses the crowd at @votethatjawn’s final event at City Hall on Wednesday evening. Congrats to @votethatjawn on all the great work this semester! #ClientWork
Junior Account Executive @jennagarciaa is at the @temple_tv Before I Graduate Contest table in the Student Center today! Come by and make a wish (and even get a free cookie!) #ClientWork #OnThePRowl
The @kleindapr minor panel was a success! Thanks to everyone who came out today to learn more about the Department of Advertising and Public Relations! #ClientWork
Today is the day! Come support our client @kleindapr in their Minor Panel, in the Student Center Room 220 #ClientWork
Word: The download hyperlink for: DataRescue’s DD creates disk photographs of corrupted storage gadgets you could find at the finish of post. Textbook definitions of news that aim to teach aspiring journalists find out how to develop information judgment” are of little practical use within the every day, and increasingly on-line, hourly, fray of deciding what’s information. This text focuses on on-line information reporting of the last normal election in India: the 2009 Lok Sabhā Election. A world of promoting preroll exhibiting up on sensible fridge touchscreens at 2 a.m. benefits no one. While others may choose out for Mediatek Helio X30, comprising of 10 CPU cores, which is highest amongst mobile processors.
There is an argument that mobile phone causes change within the structure of chemicals of cells. With mobile technology now changing into widespread, individuals may even take their social networking on the go. Researchers have questioned nevertheless, how all this on-line relating effects an individual’s real life social relationships, sense of self and sense of loneliness or alienation. Both firms are trying to make an even bigger mark in a world smartphone market that is still largely dominated by Apple and Samsung.
Many information organizations need to mobile platforms to supply new methods to generate revenue in local markets. If you happen to like to add some steam to your recreation collection, play Crimson, because it’s it is by far one of the best naval strategy sport for the cellular platform. Contemplate the latest information that the UK is liable to EMP assaults from area and that the MoD (Ministry of Defense) plan to do nothing about it. Then there’s the truth that UK have simply signed a deal with France to have nuclear power vegetation construct all through the UK It is not simply children who’re reliant on technology.
Even standard SMS cell communication is beginning to really feel outdated resulting from messaging apps like Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp. Few information organizations can depend on subscription as the principle income, besides for specialised (monetary) news suppliers. The world will be confronted extra problems in using the community as much on a regular basis; they’ve gone to the colleges and study arduous for testing or competing with different college students in the same college. The corporate remains to be in its infancy however has the potential to really get the folks of the world talking to one another, which can’t be a foul factor.
After eleven months of testing & QC I think it’stime to share some of my experiences with others who’re fascinated to knowmore about Cell Phone Testing QC/QAInspection Certification Verification Service. An rising number of users have been spending their time consuming video, music and social media on smartphones and other cell units, however many are reluctant to strive new apps. Based on Bloomberg, payments made via mobile wallets – all of them – make up a mere 1% of retail purchases within the U.S. The reason being that buyers just don’t see a …
Most people are accustomed to WiFi in their homes and some cafes/coffee shops. Another popular manufacture of WISP (Wi-fi Internet Service Supplier) gear is Ubiquiti, their merchandise fall in to the identical price range with comparable performance and can be utilized with the Cloudtrax WiFi hotspot administration system. Sebuah wi-fi router harusnya dikoneksikan kepada sebuah perangkat modem-saja, yaitu modem tanpa fitur NAT atau router. In is vital as a result of modem producers and network service suppliers need to have a standard methodology for his or her products to work together in a predictable manner.
The SURFboard SVG2482AC is an Internet, Wi-Fi & Voice Modem and is certified to Work with Internet Service Supplier XFINITY. The future, nevertheless, will speed up the function of in-constructing/on-site wi-fi connectivity – in both predictable and unpredictable vogue. The telco market was regulated, forcing them to allow access from third-social gathering internet service suppliers (ISP’s.) With a purpose to encourage quicker adoption of faster know-how, the laws were loosened, consolidating internet access to several cable, several telco, and a number of other satellite providers.
Already, the sign energy is much better than the W35 had (and no want for an external antenna), Web is about the same velocity. On the subject of offering professional web solutions for companies, our service actually shines. If you wish to setup a Wi-Fi router hotspot with loads of choices and a pleasant interface, Connectify has a terrific utility referred to as Hotspot that permits you to easily create a hotspot from your internet connection. The cell hotspot (not shown) is offering internet to the wireless ethernet bridge which is in flip connected by ethernet to the web port in the router.
You stand a better likelihood in case you run a business, ideally nearer, or in the CBD, or when you stay in a more moderen area. I did set up an exterior antenna to drag in full bars of power and in addition installed a Wilson Wi-fi Booster in my basement so I can place the Hub where I would like it plus allow me to make use of my Rogers Cell Cellphone anyplace in my farm home. Because of this in a single payment you would entry internet anyplace there’s a related wi-fi scorching spot. If you have a lone desktop pc, like in a bed room, you can use a USB Wireless Adapter to hook it as much as the network.
Internet service providers use it to offer internet access using existing hybrid fiber-coaxial (HFC) infrastructure. That is is a really positive improvement as a result of we anticipate Web prices to come down and to be accessible by everyone no matter whether you are in the town or on the village degree. This state of affairs is just not only particular to Malawi however to many African nations because of lack of internet infrastructure. A dependable Wi-Fi connection will imply that a number of gadgets can use the internet at the similar time and …
We are bringing the aesthetics of art to the convenience of fabric, with these colourful and vibrant images carefully selected from the Materialised Image Library. Showcasing each print as a repeat and onto base cloths of your choosing, allows for a diverse application. The ideas are endless; make a statement upholstered chair, a stunning bed head or introduce a pop of colour on cushions.
All images are also available as Acoustic Art & Pin, take a moment to view our entire Image Library.
It’s time for me to migrate the old Mount Kinabalu FAQ pages to our new home. It’s not that I don’t like the old FAQ engine (I used SiteHelpCenter.com FAQ system), but I think it’s time for the FAQ to be more user friendly and have 2-way interaction between me and my visitors.
The ability to collect questions directly from visitors. You can send me your questions on the FAQ page with the form at the bottom of the page and I will answer your question as soon as possible.
"Horrible Massacre of Emigrants!!": The Mountain Meadows Massacre in Public Discourse is a digital history project that examines public discourse surrounding the mass murder of 120 Arkansas emigrants by Mormon settlers in southwest Utah in September 1857, and how the creators of these texts represented the event and its aftermath. This project seeks to give users new tools to explore these hotly contested and often problematic representations that played a crucial role in shaping the public memory (or public forgetting) of the event. The project's advanced functions enable users to begin to develop their own understanding of the ways the massacre was reported on, ignored, contextualized, and reinterpreted. Public discourse abut the Mountain Meadows Massacre took the forms of newspaper accounts, reports from government investigations, popular depictions of Western Americana, Apostate and Anti-Mormon publications, works of fiction, and Utah and Arkansas history books.
As part of a pilot project, funded in part by a 2005-06 Layman Award from the Office of Research, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, digital tools were used to research, digitize, transcribe, encode, and then create visualizations of textual elements that suggest the significance of this discourse to the construction of public memory of the event. Editorial decisions created the concept highlighting function by encoding the documents with an intricate set of XML tags to identify numerous narrative elements in the documents that are often not literally present in the text itself but aid the user in understanding context and meaning. An interactive timeline illustrates the spread of news about the Mountain Meadows Massacre and its aftermath, while a narrative map prompts several lines of inquiry concerning reporting that introduced different narrative elements. Each color-coded box represents an instance of a concept across the corpus of documents. At a glance, this visualization prompts a variety of questions: what sources are sympathetic to the Latter-Day Saints and what sources are sympathetic to the Arkansas emigrants? Why does a particular narrative element appear or disappear from public discourse? When phase two of the project is completed it will include interpretive visualizations that will inform my ongoing research and my monograph project. In the meantime, the encoded texts will serve as a user-initiated scholarly commentary that enhance a much-needed authoritative collection of research documents on this contentious and often obfuscated topic.
This is a work-in-progress designed to be built in two phases. The first was a proof-of-concept that focused on 40 newspaper articles published immediately after the event that reported on the Mountain Meadows Massacre during the years 1857-60. Findings were shared in a paper titled "'Rumored Massacre on the Plains': Visualizing Newspaper Accounts of the Mountain Meadows Massacre," presented at the Mormon History Association annual conference in Salt Lake City, UT in May 2007. The second phase will be completed when an additional 100 newspaper articles, 22 government documents, and scores of book excerpts that treat the massacre, including 30 anti-Mormon publications, 10 LDS publications, 22 works of Western Americana, 16 Utah histories, 3 Arkansas histories, and 17 works of fiction will be integrated as fully-encoded electronic texts. The project uses several essential hardware and software technologies to create the dynamic user interface environment. The web server is running Apache Tomcat Java Servlet software to serve the 131 XML files that describe and interpret the 688 pages of documents (to date), using a W3C XML Schema with RELAX NG to define the legal building blocks of the XML files. It uses the Apache Cocoon 2.1 web application to dynamically generate content connecting to the XSLT 2.0 that renders the XML into HTML with the help of CSS and some JavaScript. The text analysis is generated by TokenX 2.0, a a text visualization, analysis, and play tool developed by Brian L. Pytlik Zillig at the Center for Digital Research in the Humanities (CDRH) at UNL.
Select newspaper and government document transcriptions provided by Will Bagley, The Prairie Dog Press, Salt Lake City, UT
Restaurants and Dining Guide - Mcdonald's Restaurant is a General restaurant located at 999 N Elmhurst Rd, Mount Prospect IL 60056. Mcdonald's Restaurant is also a restaurant specializes Burger, Family, Fast Food, Take Out, etc. If you are a restaurant owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide for free.
Spark Booster is a special type of pedal. It's a pedal that will ignite your playing and kickstart your inspiration. And no matter how you decide to use it, it's a guaranteed ear-to-ear grin as soon as the first notes hit you. What starts as a "just-wanna-try-this-pedal-out"-session turns out to be a 3 hour marathon of new riffs, licks and ideas, without you even noticing any time has passed - because you were too busy having fun and sounding great.
Spark Booster's feature set is all about you - maximizing what you already have and realizing your potential. The level knob allows you to add 26 dB of boost - it raises your volume without altering the character of your tone in any way. Spark Booster's Gain knob is perfect for adding a hint of breakup or slight compression to a clean ...
steel material handling steel material handling uses material handling equipment such as conveyor belts stackers elevators and other machinery to transport or handle structural steel material handling systems modular structural steel material handling systems modular material handling systems automated material handling material handling equipment manufacturers cnc steel fabricating equipment modular material handling steel fabricating equipment including modular material handling systems stainless steel material handling equipment stainless steel equipment is ideal for use in corrosive oily wet or clean room environments tables carts workstations and more material handling equipment global industrial material handling equipment such as pallet jacks conveyor industrial handling supplies industrial trucks scales and lifts custom stainless steel material handling equipment ruger ruger industries is the leader in manufacturing stainless steel material handling equipment for pharmaceutical food processing or electronics use steel handling equipment midwest materials inc is a steel service center located in perry ohio that is capable of handling coils up to 40 tons and bundles through 10 tons forklift trucks lift trucks material handling equipment forklift trucks lift trucks material handling equipment still international still still materials handling ltd southern fice jacks way an introduction to material handling equipment selection an introduction to material handling equipment selection 1 produced by the college industry council on material handling education cicmhe march 9 1998 eriez material handling equipment eriez magnetic material handling equipment can remove ferrous chips parts and fine contaminants as well as lift and hold steel iron and other ferrous materials
where is structural steel material handling moving the steel plate lifting equipment bizrice custom material handling for roll forming equipment steel industry products list steel material handling cart for sale price china non powered material handling equipment quality non steel plate lifting equipment bale clamp china mainland equipment for lifting steel material handling equipment manufacturers suppliers material handling equipment fleming metal fabricators
what is magnetic materials quality what is magnetic from steel material handling equipment , source:www.ismap.com
steel material handling steel material handling uses material handling equipment such as conveyor belts stackers elevators and other machinery to transport or handle structural steel material handling systems modular structural steel material handling systems modular material handling systems automated material handling material handling equipment manufacturers cnc steel fabricating equipment modular material handling steel fabricating equipment including modular material handling systems stainless steel material handling equipment stainless steel equipment is ideal for use in corrosive oily wet or clean room environments tables carts workstations and more material handling equipment global industrial material handling equipment such as pallet jacks conveyor industrial handling supplies industrial trucks scales and lifts custom stainless steel material handling equipment ruger ruger industries is the leader in manufacturing stainless steel material handling equipment for pharmaceutical food processing or electronics use steel handling equipment midwest materials inc is a steel service center located in perry ohio that is capable of handling coils up to 40 tons and bundles through 10 tons forklift trucks lift trucks material handling equipment forklift trucks lift trucks material handling equipment still international still still materials handling ltd southern fice jacks way an introduction to material handling equipment selection an introduction to material handling equipment selection 1 produced by the college industry council on material handling education cicmhe march 9 1998 eriez material handling equipment eriez magnetic material handling equipment can remove ferrous chips parts and fine contaminants as well as lift and hold steel iron and other ferrous materials 1000 images about negocio on pinterest industrial material handling conveyors – chain steel belt pallet & heavy load equipment material handling material handling equipment sales quality material steel full feature pallet truck red 20" x 48 material handling solutions steel racks hornet cutting what is magnetic materials quality what is magnetic material handling systems for metal processing new & used pallet rack warehouse rack lockers conveyor a scissor lift is a device that is used for lifting people
Michelob ULTRA drinkers enjoy a social, active lifestyle. Some of their best times are spent over a cold, refreshing beer in the company of friends after a good workout with their running club or tennis buddies. In order to bring that lifestyle to social media, we created content (for Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter) that depicts the activities our fans enjoy and encourages them to pursue their passions with helpful tips and aspirational images.
We worked with paid partners to target and scale content. From our learnings, we discovered product heavy shots do the best on Facebook and used that information to create really beautiful product shots. We hopped on cultural moments that we knew our fans would engage with, including this Fourth of July post. Our "things organized neatly" series is a top performer on Instagram. Knowing that aspirational imagery and ideals do extremely well on Instagram, we used that knowledge to create a series of inspirational quotes on the platform that tapped into our consumer's interests.
Our biggest struggle was figuring out how to portray an active lifestyle without having our models drinking while running, hiking, etc. and instead have it be their "reward" post activity. We were able to come up with a solve that was product focused, but also illustrated an active scene.
We posted real-time Twitter updates around events that our consumers enjoy, including the Miami Open this past spring. We traveled to the event to cover the matches as well as capture images for future use as evergreen content.
We shot original content and created a short 30-second video to introduce Michelob's 'Superior Coaching' campaign to our audience. This video was pushed out on our Facebook page.
The Stella drinker recognizes the importance of quality and excellence in all areas of life. Our goal for Stella Artois was to create content that portrayed our belief that the brand exists to inspire the pursuit of artistry and beauty in life.
Our target audience was 21-49 year olds who believe in true experiences over tangible items. Our holiday campaign "Give Beautifully" reinforced the idea of gifting experiences over purchased gifts.
We wanted to create content that tied into our Belgium origin story as our history dates back hundreds of years. From brewing experiences to pouring rituals, we share our lager mastery with our audience.
In this featured cinemagraph demonstrating part of the 9-step pouring ritual, we position Stella Artois as a work of art. With over 600 years of brewing experience, why wouldn't we want to feature the perfect attention to detail that goes into a perfect pour?
For the campaign "Buy A Lady A Drink", Stella Artois partnered with Water.org to bring awareness to the 750 million people around the world who live without clean water. This crisis disproportionately affects women, who walk a combined 200 million hours a day collecting water for their families. We were tasked with creating content to educate our followers on this global issue and to ask them to purchase a specially designed chalice to show their support. Every chalice purchased provided a woman in the developing world with five years of clean drinking water.
In 1980, diamond ads told women that if a man gives them a ring, then that ‘Diamond Is Forever’. Still to this day, women are under the impression that they have to wait for a man to give them one. Diamonds Unleashed hopes to re-engineer the perception of diamonds and tell women it's okay to buy them for themselves.
We were tasked in helping Kara Ross and her team launch the new jewelry line, Diamonds Unleashed. Their mission is to create a multi-faceted, sustainable movement and platform where they can lead conversations on how diamonds are bought, given, and perceived.
Over 200+ Ambassadors, including Serena Williams, Martha Stewart, and Paula Abdul, have pledged to help spread the word of this movement and join in the conversation.
These designs were created for Under Armour’s Instagram and Facebook pages to introduce some of their new products. All images were created in Photoshop using a mix of product photography and graphics.
The 1st filter I created for Under Armour for Pride Week in Portland, Oregon. The sponsored filter was very successful in gaining exposure from viewers with 62k earned impressions and a 26.6% share rate.
The consecutive filters I created for various events for clients, including weddings, babyshowers, and house-warming parties. Order a wedding invitation package and I'll throw in a custom snapchat filter for free!
The first set of illustrations were created for the article titled "English Language: The Things You Never Knew". All illustrations were created in Illustrator and Photoshop.
The second video was an animated illustration I did for an article about movies filmed in and around NY Harbor & Ellis Island. This article was a first in a series of essays that looks at how film has captured the atmosphere of specific neighborhoods or areas. Ultimately, myself and the creator of the series thought stills from the films would be more visually powerful so this image was never published on the site, however I'm still a big fan of the final product.
My friend wanted a wedding invitation for her upcoming camp/woodland themed wedding in Ithaca, NY. I came up with the idea for a floral and fern themed invitation to set the tone for the woodland atmosphere the guests would soon experience. The set includes the invitation with hand-drawn map on the back, RSVP post card, luggage tag with wedding info, and a custom envelope liner. I did all the illustrations/water coloring, hand type, and graphic design, as well as the construction of the envelope liners and luggage tags.
A custom snapchat filter can also be added to your invitation package! A fun way for everyone to brand their snapchats from your special day.
This was a babyshower invitation I did for a client. It was created with a mix of watercolor, hand calligraphy, and editing in Photoshop.
This was a baby shower invite I did for a friend. The flower detail was sketched out and watercolored. The rest of the invite was written out/drawn in Micron pen. Everything was scanned into photoshop, refined, and printed on cardstock.
My client for this project wanted to update the branding for his company, The Ascent, to be something more sleek, current and professional. The content of his website skews pretty entrepreneurial, focusing on the personal journeys of others as they climb the ranks of business and/or life.
The color palette chosen was made up of greys, whites, and sky blues to invoke a sense of airy freshness and the idea that the sky is the limit. The shape of the logo combines the shape of a mountain (invoking feelings of ascension and moving upward) and the use of the capital "A".
Culture Trip's current website could pass as any common travel blog. There isn't a defining look and feel and it doesn't present itself as a professional media brand. The logo is barely visible or legible. The site's images are tiny and lacks intrigue. The task for this project was to redesign the logo and create an own-able online destination for travel seekers to enjoy and want to return to.
Shocktop was born from the belief that beer, like life itself, tastes better unfiltered. Our goal was to create content that inspired people to taste and experience everything in life. To "Live Life Unfiltered". Our target audience was 21-34 year old explorers who seek everyday adventures.
We created content that spoke to the intricate flavors of Shocktop and how when brewing our beer, we make sure to never filter anything out. We also created posts relevant to pop culture as we learned that our demographic was very engaged with this type of content. This Facebook image was a play on the movie Forest Gump that incorporated one of our most popular flavors, Shockolate Wheat.
Our clients were hesitant at first to let us create recipes using Shocktop product, but we soon learned that Shockology posts were some of our top performing posts. I created this logo to use in a hard-copy recipe book containing all of our posts that we gifted to our clients.
Because Shocktop is brewed in Los Angeles, the brand wanted to do something special for the city. We targeted this Facebook post to LA residents asking them to send ideas for a special edition, LA inspired Shocktop label. I designed this label as an example of what our fans could submit.
Feeling nostalgic for the early 2000s, I created quote cards with some of the most iconic (and absolutely ridiculous) celebrity quotes from my teenage years.
Our goal was to educate new and existing consumers to discover and appreciate the unique complexity of Fernet-Branca. Part of that was highlighting its Italian excellence, the brand's rich history, and the product's versatility.
Our targets were creative, stylish, curious, and sociable 25-45 year old males living in hip, urban neighborhoods. Many of our loyal fans were bartenders and mixologists so we made sure to create content that would resonate with that audience.
We dedicated content to educating fans on the 40 herbs, spices & roots that make up Fernet-Branca. The Fernet-Branca coin is part of the brands history and is a secret among bartenders and loyal fans. Facebook posts around the coin garnered intrigue and engagement from our followers.
beautiful shots of food, whether that be recipe related or providing utility. We injected ourselves into trending topics on Twitter, including the release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Under Armour wanted to create a new, distinct look for their website for some of their new products. These are a few mockups I did as options for their new Hustle 3.0 backpack, including original graphics and icons.
NSFOCUS is an iconic internet and application security company with over 18 years of proven industry experience. Today, we are operating globally with 2000+ employees at two headquarters in Beijing, China and 40+ offices worldwide including the IBD HQ in Santa Clara, CA, USA. NSFOCUS protects four of the ten largest global telecommunications companies and four of the five largest global financial institutions.
With its multi-tenant and distributed cloud security platform, NSFOCUS effectively moves security into the internet backbone by: operating in data centers around the world, enabling organizations to fully leverage the promise of cloud computing, providing unparalleled and uncompromising protection and performance, and empowering our partners to provide better security as a service in a smart and simple way. NSFOCUS delivers holistic, carrier-grade, hybrid DDoS and web security powered by industry leading threat intelligence.
Our research and development teams focus on vulnerability analysis, threat understanding, and security intelligence, while providing core technical support for NSFOCUS products, solutions, and services. This long-term commitment has helped our customers maintain high levels of business operations and ensured that their online business systems always remain available. With offices in the United States, Japan, Europe, China, and Southeast Asia, NSFOCUS supports more than 8,000 customers including some of the largest telecom carriers, data centers, financial services companies, cloud service providers, managed security services providers, and enterprises in the world. When it comes to maximizing availability and security, trust your business to NSFOCUS.
The Baywinds At Cozumel Real Estate market currently has 1 homes for sale, with the majority of these homes priced between $300K - $400K. With the median list price for the Baywinds At Cozumel area being $342,450 and the median price per square foot of $111 you will be able to find a home that meets your criteria.
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Schmitt. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® and the Coldwell Banker Logo are registered service marks owned by Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. Coldwell Banker Schmitt fuly supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
Конусная крышка "аламбик" ХД/3-400 может быть применена вместо штатной к кубам нашего производства следующих моделей:...
admin dining room furniture, 2018-05-08 18:08:53.The pub table and chairs are easily indicated by the polished wooden brown coffee table and tall chairs. Even though the combination of wood and other material are very common right now for the sake of modern styling, but it is true that wooden table and chairs for pub sets are the main point. But don’t hesitate to combine it with some styling up to make it seems more suitable to your house decoration.
admin office furniture, 2018-04-15 11:09:55.Working in an office needs comfortable nuance and mood. To get the great mood for working and comfortable condition is not easy. Some people may think that silent and clean room with an air conditioner is enough. In fact, the office chairs should also be consideration. It may be true that clean and fresh make you comfortable, but sometimes it is not enough. You still have to make sure that you are enjoy when you are working. It means that you have to be comfortable although you are sitting in front of computer for several hours. In this case, your chair has important role. If your chair is not comfortable enough, you will not be able to sit for several hours.
admin living room furniture, 2018-04-15 19:00:26.If you have decided to buy the sofa, the one thing that you should know you can’t buy it from online shopping because you can’t try it directly so if the sofa can’t make you feel comfort, it just makes you waste your time to wait it. Thus, you can directly go to the furniture stores that sell the recliners sofa and you can try to sit on it for a while and decide whether this sofa will be suitable for you and your living room or not. Choosing the comfortable sofa with perfect materials is your job.
admin office furniture, 2018-04-15 15:04:36.It is not difficult to find the better chair for gaming. In this case, you need to consider the chair that can make you sit longer without any pain or other bad feelings. It means that the chair is good enough to make your back and whole body comfortable. It is not necessary to buy the expensive chair, because sometimes you can get the best one with lower price. If you have no idea about the comfortable gaming chair for your room, then you can try to consider using bean bag chair. It may sounds strange to use bean bag chair for gaming. In fact, it can be a great choice.
admin patio & garden, 2018-04-15 07:01:59.There are some popular wooden materials for this chair. These materials play important role in giving quality toward this chair, including the durability of this chair. First, it is teak wood. This wood is great wood that can give very good durability. This wood can also deal with weather. Another wood for adirondack chairs is cedar. This is also popular wood used for Adirondack chairs because of several reasons. This wood has great resistance to moisture rot and cracking. Hot temperature and wet air are not problem for this wood. Furthermore, this wood has great aroma. This aroma can give you nice sensation. This aroma is also great to prevent insect to damage your chair. There are still other materials, such as pine, mahogany, cypress, and oak.
admin living room furniture, 2018-04-11 10:01:21.What is in your head when you first time heard about the Ottoman? It has nothing to do with Persian, unless the basic style and usage. So basically ottoman is a type of furniture that usually uses for stool or foot stool. It seems like a small stuff, but this furniture can give different looks and effect of your room in only one glance. How is this furniture commonly used in living room and other rooms in the house?
admin dining room furniture, 2018-04-11 18:00:18.The dining room sets play important roles in provide you and your family with comfort. Although the food is very delicious and you can gather with your family in the dining room, you may be less comfortable. It can be so annoying when the table or chairs are not comfortable. Then, you must be able to choose the best dining room furniture. Actually, there are many types of furniture. It can be from the shape and material. From the shape, at least there are rectangular and square, round and oval. The shape can be chosen based on the space of your house. The round space can be more suitable for all spaces.
admin dining room furniture, 2018-04-16 06:35:21.In choosing the dining table, you could consider many things such as the sizes, shapes, designs, materials and other small things that will influence toward your dining room or even kitchen. You have to mix and match between one another to get the right dining room tables and benches like what you want. When you got confused to choose them, you just ask to the others what the best tables to put in the dining room. You should ask them too if you want to get the right table.
admin living room furniture, 2018-04-14 07:51:28.When you are going to buy sofa or couch, it is important to consider several things. First is about the size. There are various size and it is important to make sure that you get the perfect size. Smaller size will be okay, but bigger size will be problem for your house because it will make your room have less space for other kinds of furniture. After that, you need to consider the upholstery material. This is also important because this will determine the durability and comfort of your sofa. it is better to consider type of material that can be cleaned easily. By considering those things, you can get the best couches for your house.
admin bedroom furniture, 2018-04-11 14:03:32.When you already make a plan and get the size, then you can start to choose the style of the furniture. There will be many kinds of style of the furniture. Some will bring the rustic theme. Other may have vintage style. In this case, you can choose the most suitable style for you. Sometimes, the bedroom furniture are in the complete set, so there have been complete furniture for your bedroom. Then, you should also consider the quality and material. This is important, especially if you are going to use the furniture for long time.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does LETTUCEGROW claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
If you are a parent most likely you have been there. You are in public. Maybe you are grocery shopping or a restaurant and … [Read more...]
I recently did a post on a no shop challenge which was about not doing any grocery shopping or any other shopping for … [Read more...]
This is a sponsored post. I received a promotional item as a thank you for participating. As a mom I like to share my thoughts and opinions … [Read more...]
Filed Under: Health, Health, Parenting, Moms · Tagged: Amazon, Family, Grocery Shopping, Moms, Natural Products, On-Line Community, Shopping, Tom's of Maine, Women
This is a sponsored post on behalf of WayTaskers and their PR Company. All views and opinions are honest and of my own. … [Read more...]
As a family of 7 I have decided to make a few adjustments. I have always considered myself very frugal and thankfully my husband is … [Read more...]
Filed Under: Featured, Frugal / Saving Money, Frugal Living, Health, Parenting · Tagged: big family, Food Shopping, Grocery, Saving Money, Shopping, spending, stretching grocery bill
As a new day of entertainment began it was the turn Lissy Taylor to light up the main stage and get the day underway. Lissy's blend of Country-infused music has an element of The Staves and First Aid Kit about it but can also clearly be traced back to her love of Johnny Cash. From Stoke-On-Trent via Kentucky and Manchester, Lissy returned, having played last year, to Neverworld with her band. 'Back Seat Of A Daydream', 'High' and, to end her set, highlight 'Wild Flowers' was an early treat for all those that managed to catch her.
Lissy Taylor is going to be MASSIVE...if you've not heard her yet, what are you waiting for?! @LissyTaylor17 @americanaUK #Music #Unsigned #Americana #Folk #Pop
When packing and preparing for a move, that usually involves taking furniture apart, and trust me, it’s really easy to lose those small screws, bolts, and nuts if you’re not careful. Simply use packaging tape to tape them to the underside of the furniture you’re disassembling. For larger parts or for several pieces, you can also place them in a ziploc baggie before taping them to their corresponding piece of furniture. Now it will be a breeze to put them back together at the new home!
If you don’t already have your seasonal items stored in plastic bins, invest in them now! Pack all of that stuff up that you only use once a year in bins, and you’ll be able to easily identify what needs to be stored in the attic or garage come moving day.
Sure, it’s a good idea to start saving boxes months before the move, but it’s also an excellent idea to invest in boxes that are made for particular uses. Check out this wardrobe box! It might be a good idea for expensive suits and coats. There are also boxes made for framed art work and mirrors, packing paper that won’t leave ink stains, and box cell inserts made for separating delicate items.
We've looked high and low, explored the web, and have had lots of fun compiling and creating lists of stuff that we want to learn more about and share with you! Read More…
Download Little Fighter 2, read about lf2, look for new mod, download characters, little fighter 3, little fighter 2.5
The EU-project Fossil-free Energy Districts develops a unique local marketplace for electricity, district heating and cooling in the City of Gothenburg, Sweden.
Bamboo is a rapid growing, affordable and available natural resource in many developing countries. It is potentially superior to timber and to construction steel in terms of its weight to strength ratio. A new technology has been developed in this research to preserve the mechanical properties of bamboo and to enhance physical characteristics through composite action for application in structural concrete. The goal of present work is to investigate the bonding properties of a newly developed bamboo-composite reinforcement in concrete through pull-out testing. Various coatings are applied to determine bonding behavior between concrete and newly developed bamboo-composite reinforcement. The results of this study demonstrate that bamboo-composite reinforcement without coating develops adequate bonding with the concrete matrix. However an epoxy based coating with sand particles could provide extra protection without loss of bond strength.
For the IDEAS CITY Festival in New York City in May 2015, a team of ETH Zürich’s Professorships Dirk E. Hebel and Philippe Block constructed a 90m2 pavilion made from recycled beverage packaging, aiming to show the immense potential of waste for the construction sector. The article includes an interview with project architect Felix Heisel.
Essay Series: Engineering bamboo – a green alternative under basic research Part 3, Professorship of Architecture and Construction Dirk E. Hebel: The Advanced Fibre Composite Laboratory in Singapore investigates new methods and procedures to produce a high-strength building material out of natural bamboo fibres. If successful, the research could provide a starting point for the introduction of new and adapted technologies that take a widespread natural resource as their basic premise and give reason for people who live in the tropical belt to foster one of the most common plants in the sub-tropical climate zone.
Christ died for sins once for all, the righteous for the unrighteous, to bring you to God. He was put to death in the body but made alive by the Spirit.
Having stood over the open graves of friends, family, and strangers, I know the appearance and feel of death's finality and our human frailty. But Christ's death is that great
A publishing plugin for Adobe Lightroom. Used for easy publishing and organizing of albums and categories.
VSPlanet designed by Video Game MusicIn conjunction with VPS Hosting , Website Hosting and Shared Hosting.
A beautiful mosaic of complementary hues to contour and accentuate cheekbones with soft color and discreet shimmer.
Brush over cheekbones to define and contour or apply right below cheekbones for a more defined and dramatic look.
-There's minimal shimmer in this blush, it translates to more of a glow on your cheeks so you look very fresh
-I absolutely love the shade of peach this blush turns out to be, I usually find some peach blushes to lean too brown, but this one is a very true peach that will flatter many skin tones!
-Though the chunky plastic packaging isn't the prettiest thing to look at, it definitely protects the product really well (mine has hit the floor a few time and hasn't shattered or even chipped once)!
-This blush usually retails for $10.95 (I got mine during a sale) which in my opinion is just WAY too much for something from the drugstore
-I think the silver and plastic packaging is pretty darn ugly, it just doesn't look cute when sitting on your vanity
-I don't like that you have to push the little button to get the blush to open, sometimes it gets stuck and its just a hassle
-The blush itself has a very old school "cosmetic-y" smell to it (can't smell anything when its actually on your cheeks)
-The way Physicians Formula packages their products in stores is really flawed, there's a little window cut out on the box that has no barrier between it and the actual blush, so the likelihood that you're going to be able to find one that's not already all banged up is very slim
-The packaging is pretty deceiving, it looks like you're getting a ton of product, but all that extra room is actually just the little compartment for the brush
-The "Blushing Peach" shade is fairly sheer, you really need to swirl your brush around to grab enough color and even then it still requires some building on the cheeks
-The lasting power isn't that great, you'll get a solid 4-5 hours of wear before things start to fade
-I personally don't care for the packaging, silver products always look cheap/show wear and tear a lot faster (go for something classic like black Physicians Formula!)
-The little brush that comes in the compartment is quite scratchy, but I guess it could work if you were in a pinch
-There's little holes in the bottom of the compartment, if you use the brush that comes with the blush and put it back in the compartment some product will go through the holes (not the best if you keep this in your purse or makeup bag)
The Physicians Formula Powder Palette Multi-Colored Blush in "Blushing Peach" has become a daily staple for me, it goes with pretty much every look and gives my face a nice glow! I would say pick this blush up only if you can grab it during a sale (I'm talking like 40% off Physicians Formula) otherwise I think you're getting ripped off by a drugstore product. I only paid $1.00 for this blush back when there was a big Physicians Formula sale going on at CVS and I had a bunch of coupons, but if you're even thinking about shelling out at least $10.95 on a drugstore product, you mine as well spend another $10.00 and just grab something high end like a MAC blush since they're much more pigmented and long lasting!
All comments are welcome but please be respectful and don't leave a link to your blog, anyone can find it by just clicking on your profile, and be sure to check back as I always try my best to reply!
All original content copyright © Massachusetts Mask, 2010-2012 unless otherwise noted. Powered by Blogger.
Our video game laboratory at MacEwan University in Alberta, Canada has been examining the effects of video game play on night time dreams for a decade. We have found that there are various well-being outcomes evidenced in the dreams of gamers. You can read about this work in our lab’s blog at http://academic.macewan.ca/gackenbachj/.
We are posting this to you, males who would select either: First Person Shooter, Role-play, Action or Adventure style games as being your favorite. We would request that you only participate in this research if you play video games at least once a year, and remember your night time dreams at least once per week. The survey would only take about an hour to complete and I am in need of participants just like you! If you are interested, please go to:
This research opportunity is absolutely free and there is no marketing involved to sell anything. This is simply your motive to help us with our research if you desire to do so.
--Select-- Below 1,500 1,501 to 3,000 3,001 to 5,000 5,001 to 10,000 10,001 to 15,000 15,001 to 25,000 Above 25,000
surprising menards water heaters This image has been uploaded by in menards mobile home water heaters, menards tankless gas water heaters, menards tankless hot water heaters tag. You can surf even more valuable reports in home interior group.
Principle photography shot mainly in February & March of this year. There followed a world of post production for which I can only take minimal credit. Concept, design, production & basically everything that wasn't photography: The Burge. Photography… more
French Hello everyone, Yesterday night, I was surfing the internet and checked the websites of the companies I used to work for. I was particularly impressed by Duval Guillaume’s blog on which I found this crazy ad… Here is the background: Every year a Belgian charity called Islands of Peace sells ‘little men’ keyrings in [...]
London, films, music, books, languages but also Public Relations, Social Media, web 2.0, blogging... That’s what this bilingual (English-French) blog is all about!
Today I saw this guy. He was walking out of the bank as I walked in, and he had a PARROT on his shoulder! My brain thought "Kinda like a pirate." And then my brain thought "But why would a pirate have a parrot on his shoulder?" (It's not an obviously useful pet, and training an animal to do anything takes time and patience, what would a parrot eat out in the middle of the ocean?)
Word's Worth and A Pirate's Life both have interesting info on the parrot/pirate relationship. A few tidbits (for those who have become curious by my random forray into pirate-dom!)
The more exotic the animal, the more in demand and the more valuable the animal would be. A talking bird would fetch a few doubloons in the Royal Courts of Europe, as would New World Monkeys. We also know that if something was of value, then pirates would plunder it. We also know that some pirates were known for their garish costumes. Whatever was good enough for the royal courts was also good enough for the well-to-do Pirate. To own an exotic animal would have been a status symbol. A parrot's social behavior has always made it a good pet. They seem to instinctively accept humans as one of their flock which makes touching and holding the bird possible. They may learn to imitate human voices. Their ability to learn tricks and behavior which is not typical for the wild bird have also made them popular with humans.
Contrary to the impression you may have gotten in the past few months, I did not resign from The Little Academy because of poor leadership, philosophical differences, or crummy policies. I left because my temporary Minnesota teaching license expires this year (I'm certified to teach in Iowa, Missouri, Oklahoma, Nebraska, Kansas, South Dakota, and Arkansas until 2008 - but that means nothing in Minnesota).
Being a fully certified Minnesota Teacher would require taking English, Math, and Music Tests (each costing $200-300!) Ans it's just not worth the money for a part time job that I don't particularily like, when I don't even know if I'll stay here (or continue to teach). IF I could have taught un-certified, I would have stayed on at The Little Academy (despite everything) for another year (or until I landed a better gig). But the licensure thing kind of expiediated my departure from the land of education (or so I thought!)
A few weeks ago I was reading the classifieds and came across a position for a Part Time Strings Teacher at a local hooity tooity private school. I said "interesting" and turned the page.
The next day, one of my Arts Admin. Buddies said to me, "I saw a job for you yesterday at "Hoity Tooity School"! I told her I saw it too, but it was too much work to re-do my resume. (I'm trying to become an Arts Administrator - not a strings teacher!) She told me to apply anyway (ugh!)
I didn't plan to take her advice. But out of curiousity, I looked at the ad again, and then followed up at their website. The website job description said
The ideal candidate will possess extensive knowledge of both traditional and Suzuki curricula. In addition, the ideal candidate will have experience teaching small group lessons and large group repertory classes, and will have directed elementary orchestras. The successful candidate must demonstrate the facility for developing positive, professional relationships with others in a school setting.
(For any strangers lurking through - that *is* my resume. The job description is actually a "Julie Description." It is such a perfect fit!)
SO I re-worked my resume to look like a strings teacher (instead of a struggling arts administrator) and sent it to "Hooity-Tooity Private School" (By the way, hooity tooity private schools don't require certification). I didn't know that I wanted the job, I didn't know that it'd be helpful to my future career aspirations. Besides, string players abound in these cities, they'd probably get resumes from a million qualified applicants. But I thought I'd just try and see what happened. Here's what happened (so far) . . .
Part of me hopes this'll work out (it'd be fun to teach strings again!) Part of me worries that this will push back any Arts Administration jobs for at least another year (probably more). AND it means another winter in Minnesota (UGH!!!)
UPDATE - The second interview went incredibly well. Like I was the best, most gracious, talkative, impressive me that I've ever been. (Horray for me!)
The person being interviewed right before me . . . was none other than Ms. Christoffersen (aka - the former collegue that just happened to show at Symphony last week.
Funny Story before I left WDM, I had Ms. Christoffersen write a recomendation letter for my credential file (-: (-: (-:
(Do you think she remembers? I wonder what she would say if she knew she recomended me for the job *she* wants?
Some people already know that I think the prettiest word in the English language (for sound, not for meaning) is syphilis (It's a fun-to-say word - - - but you really can't say it often without people looking at you werid!)
4. Creative individuals alternate between imagination and fantasy at one end, and a rooted sense of reality at the other.
5. Creative people seem to harbor opposite tendencies on the continuum between extroversion and introversion, seem to express both traits at the same time.
8. Generally, creative people are thought to be rebellious and independent as well as cultured/traditionalist.
9. Most creative people are very passionate about their work, yet they can be extremely objective about it as well.
10. The openness and sensitivity of creative individuals often exposes them to suffering and pain yet also a great deal of enjoyment.
How authoritative someone sounds is a measure only of how firmly this person believes in what he is saying, not of how accurate the information is.
Know-it-alls make me crazy. I hate being around them (and I hate that I become a know-it-all when I'm around them). gggggrrrr.......
Orchestra rehearsals are fabulous! We are gonna have a terriffic concert. Everyone should make a pilgrimage to Minnesota just to hear my little Symphony!
A former collegue from WDM showed up to the first rehearsal. And last night, a former collegue from my first year at The Little Academy called (I think she was just fishing for gossip - not going there). Work people make crummy friends (esp. work people who left on bad terms and just want to gossip). I've tried - but all we have in common is work (and if they don't work with me anymore, we don't even have work in common). Am I a horrible person for not wanting to reconnect with these people?
Not sleeping well. Part of that is because after orchestra rehearsal I"m too wound up to sleep (the music gets stuck in my brain - - and it's just not possible to sleep while singing Hoe-Down). What does Julie do when she can't sleep??? THINK (and sleeping while thinking is more difficult than sleeping while singing Hoe-Down!)
Thinking about life, death (lots of death thoughts - weird). Also thinking about career/job/school things, personal flaws and shortcomings, as well as the personal flaws and shortcomings of everyone else on the planet.
The result of not sleeping well is being tired and cranky the next day. (And people annoy me more than usual).
I'm scheduling meetings with my advisor at SMU, and my boss at YA, with the hope that they can give me some direction and insight (or maybe just a pep talk to counteract the rejection letters).
The happier your mood, the more liable you are to make bigoted judgments -- like deciding that someone is guilty of a crime simply because he's a member of a minority group. Here is The Case Against Happiness
An education isn’t how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It’s being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you don’t.
At 6:10 p.m. last night, the U.S. House of Representatives approved the Arts Caucus Amendment to increase funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) by $10 million and the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) by $3.5 million. The amendment passed by a vote of 241 to 185. By way of comparison, last year's votes were 225 to 200 with 35 Republicans voting FOR the Arts Caucus Amendment. This year, 48 Republicans voted for the amendment.
The House also defeated an amendment by Rep. Tom Tancredo (R-CO) which would have decreased NEA funding by $60 million, by a vote of 313 to 112, identical to last year's vote.
Thank you again for all of your help in pulling all of these materials together. You have such a great attitude about everything. Thank you for being at YA.
Michael Moore is a screwed asshole, that is what I think about that case. He stole my title and changed the numbers without ever asking me for permission. . . . He is a horrible human being. Horrible human! - Ray Bradburry on Fahrenheit 9/11
When I was a kid - back when 'hell' was one of the really bad cuss words - we would always say 'heck' when we really meant 'hell,' but just look at the word 'heck.' It's actually a combination of 'hell' and 'fuck' which should make it one of the nastiest cuss words of all.
Have you ever found a blog in your blogroll that you don't remember linking and can't even imagine why you would ever link?
It annoys me when bloggers who get 2 or 3 times as many visitors as I do complain about how 'few' visitors they get.
Reality show idea: Confine Paris and Nicole in a house with 6 or 8 gourmet chefs from the TV cooking shows for about nine weeks. For every pound Paris and Nicole gain the chefs each get $1000.
Australia's Adelaide Symphony Orchestra and a local software designer have created In The Chair, a cross between a karaoke machine and flight simulator, which allows you to play your favorite symphony via a computer, with a conductor on screen and tuition while you play
For a little while I was tempted to attend, just so I could play the role of Ugly-Duckling-Turned-Swan!
I spent two whole minutes imagining myself in the standard sit-com-class-reunion scene. You know, where the "popular kids" are miserable and the former loosers are now sucessful, rich and happy. (While I'm not exactly sucessful, rich and happy, I could play the part! After all, I DO have a GRAMMY award from NARAS, and my jeans from HS still fit perfectly! I had a delightful dinner with the Princess of Holland. I've raised thousands of dollars as a grant writer, and am only a thesis away from my Masters Degree, Plus there's all that volunteer work on behalf of abused children (just to round things out!)
And this "Duckling" has absolutly no desire to spend an entire Saturday/Sunday driving through endless Wisconsin/Illinois construction, just to sit in a bar and remanise with people I don't know/like. I don't want to hear other people's inflated accomplishments, and I don't want to share mine. (Except, I'll share my inflated accomplishments with the lovely people reading my site - but you all know and don't care about that stuff!)
Some of camp's strongest effects are on the counselors, not the campers. . . . As they struggle to teach, organize, survive and, somehow, sleep, they — even more than the campers — are having their lives transformed. Moreover, because most staff are between the ages of 18 and 25, it is they, and not the campers, who are in the most critical period of identity development in contemporary American society — a time known as "emerging adulthood." To paraphrase a well-known camp song, the kids may be brats and the food may be hideous, but studies suggest that the experience of being a camp counselor is more than just fun and fooling around; it can be even more life changing than that of being a camper. [Full Article]
As a camper, I didn't like camp. I got homesick, cried too much, swam poorly, and just wanted to go home. But as a *counselor* I LOVED it! Camp counseloring was one of the best things that ever happened to me. And I miss camp.
Generally, I'm too poor to buy cold cereal. Breakfast usually consists of something cheap and practical (like oatmeal or a peanut butter sandwhich). BUT in my overwheleming free time, I've managed to become slightly more culturally affluent by watching a few cartoons (as well as the sugared cereal commercials that go with them).
Here's the thing, The Trix Rabbit can't seem to get breakfast because those MEAN KIDS won't share ("Silly Rabbit, Trix are for kids"). And then there's the Lucky Charms Lepracauhn who runs away from kids who just want to eat his cereal - MEAN LEPRACAUHN!
The Trix kids should share the Trix-is-for-kids-cereal with the Lucky Charms kids, and the Leprachahun should share his Lucky Charms with the Rabbit - that way everyone would be able to eat breakfast! (Breakfast is important if you don't want to be crabby all day long) And then no one would be cranky, and peace would break out in cartoon-commercial land.
In other news, Planet Julie is collapsing (maybe you noticed!) or perhaps it's blossming (I'm not sure)/
Right brain thinks that life is grand! Right Brain is kind of excited to have TIME to do things. Time to say "yes" to people (instead of being too busy). Time to bicycle along the river (I found a georgeous trail that is not ruined by over population!) Time to play frisbee, read, color, daydream, go out for lunch, help with stuff, or just do nothing all afternoon/evening/weekend.
Left Brain doesn't like having nothing to do. Left brain is afraid of dead brain cells. Left brain rolls her eyes when I giggle over commercials for cereal and doggie power bars. Left brain is scared of being lonely in the afternoon, scared of moping around the house feeling awful, or bored. Left brain really wants me to figure out what's next, get a full time job, move somewhere warm, pay off my loans and contribue to society. Left brain doesn't want to enjoy this forced break; Left Brain would rather worry, make contigency plans, find something "useful" to do. Left brain is very cranky.
I had an appointment with Dr. Hand Surgeon this morning. Back in October, he said it'd take another 3-6 months for the stiffness to go away; it's been 8 months and it's still sore (sometimes painful).
SO . . .(under the guise of testing the sensitivity)Dr. Hand Surgeon poked, scratched, and said everything was healing nicely. I was able to feel more today than last time - which means the nerves are growing. BUT growing nerves hurt, and as the area gets more nerves, the growing will hurt more simply because there are more nerves there to feel it. (yeah . . . I suppose that would make sense).
Killing the Buddha is a religion magazine for people made anxious by churches, people embarrassed to be caught in the "spirituality" section of a bookstore, people both hostile and drawn to talk of God. It is for people who somehow want to be religious, who want to know what it means to know the divine, but for good reasons are not and do not. . . .
Killing the Buddha is about finding a way to be religious when we're all so self-conscious and self-absorbed . . . .
Killing the Buddha insists that if religion matters at all it matters enough to be taken to task. . . . [more]
It was one this day in 1919 that the 19th Amendment to the Constitution, giving women the right to vote, was passed by the United States Congress. Women across America voted in their first national election in November of 1920, though there was still some resistance to the idea. Some cities instituted a rule that voters would have to state their age in order to vote, with the hope that women would be discouraged enough to stay home—but it didn't seem to work!
According to this article, 17 democrats voted against it (compared to only 8 republicans). Interesting.
* Americans work more than medieval peasants did. We work more hours per day, more days per year than citizens of any other industrialized nation.
* Countries such as Belgium, France, the Netherlands and Norway, where fewer hours are worked, are more productive per hour of labor. Norway, for example, has an hourly productivity rate 10 percent higher than that of the United States, and its poverty rate is a quarter lower.
* Passing on vacations doesn't pay off in productivity, Robinson argues. Being present but exhausted won't get the work done; productivity decreases as stress and fatigue increase.
Robinson cites several productivity studies, the most revealing dealing with health: Annual vacation reduces risk of heart attack by 30 percent for men and 50 percent for women.
- If teamwork is necessary (to complete the mass grant proposals by the deadline) DO NOT trust team members to do anything and do not allow team members to trust you.
Failure to follow this advice means that important pieces will be missing, data will not line up with itself - - and no one will know why or where.
When a "kind and sympathetic soul" calls from the granting organization to tell you that a page is missing from your application. DO NOT panic. Do not assume that all of your mass grants proposals have missing pieces. Do not spend an entire morning calling all of your contacts to appologize, and begging for permission to fax the page that "kind and sympathetic soul" claimed was missing. (Because the "kind soul" may have gotten mixed up on what page was actually missing). This means you'll fax the wrong form to all the contacts, and still be missing the piece that was missing in the first place.
By the time you discover the mistake of "kind and sympathetic soul" (and have only begun to weed out the mistakes in your own processes) it will be long past the deadline and you will have wasted way too much time on a project that was not supposed to be this difficult.
There is a bookstore in Minneapolis that has a couple of cats (as well as spiders, birds, turtles, hamsters, and a chicken - it's one of my favorite places in the whole wide world!)
And I think schools should have more pets - not just classroom guinea pigs, but a dog, or a cat that freely roams the whole building.
and kids would have to learn how to be gentle, and leave the cat alone when it is sleeping, but that's no harder than anything else we do at school
When I open my school (or become Ex. Dir. of an organization) there will be an animal or two roaming around.
New York - The world of classical music was in turmoil this morning when officials of the Professional Orchestra League revealed that seven principal players of the New York Philharmonic had tested positive for steroids and would receive automatic life suspensions from the league. [more]
Supposing you were a potter, and you went to your bin of clay and scooped out a lump, and threw it on a wheel, and took the result, and baked it, and glazed it, and baked it again, and at this point the minister arrived and asked what you were up to, and you had the wit to say, 'I am attacking adult illiteracy' - you would be a very savvy potter indeed. This is precisely the kind of potter the government has been on the look-out for. This is the kind of rhetoric they have wished to reward.
"Too often," writes Jowell, "politicians have been forced to debate culture in terms only of its instrumental benefits to other agendas - education, the reduction of crime, improvements in wellbeing..." One might quibble, perhaps, at this way of putting it: too often it is the politicians themselves who have forced others to justify their activities in these terms. Too often they do so still. [more]
Cars - Today, while walking to school, one of my kids got hit by a car. A good kid, not the trouble makers you'd expect to be playing chicken or runing out in the middle of the street.
Condoms - (Speaking of trouble makers) I had third graders trading condoms for Cheetos today. My New Rule for the Universe - - You must be able to spell C-O-N-D-O-M before you can trade them at school.
Books - Today I ordered a whole lotta books - probably more books than I need (but books are good for you!)
Nephew - Today, I got to hang out with my nephew. (It's ok - I washed my hands before touching him. But don't tell his mother I have ringworm; she will freak out!)
Coloration for Exhibit only; might not be obtainable on all trims. Color for Display screen only; will not be accessible on all trims. Coloration for Screen only; is probably not readily available on all trims. Exterior
Gas run carts are noisier than their electric counterparts. These carts call for gasoline to refuel. Gas golf carts do launch emissions to the environment, similar to almost every other gas run vehicle – like your vehicle.
Guarantee: New golf carts frequently feature warranties to guard the client. The length of your warranty is typically determined by the company, and sometimes the cart dealer.
It truly is forty eight volt, with Trojan batteries. It's got stock four hundred amp controller. It has head and tail lights, brake lights turn alerts and a horn. Furthermore, it comes with a condition of cost meter and hour meter. It has exclusive finger tip route control and individual vital switches! You must see it in individual and consider it for any test push!
We're dedicated to listening and being familiar with how we could very best provide you. Remember to by no means be reluctant to Get in touch with us with questions or reviews.
Villager 2 Our foundation model features famous trustworthiness, good quality, and easy accessorization to actually ensure it is your personal.
When generating a left change, immediately after signaling your intentions, carfully merge with vehicular traffic just just before the intersection and turn applying her comment is here the correct sign and turn lane where by offered.
They disassemble the vehicle right down to the frame and accomplish a thorough mechanical tune-up doing a demanding 51 point inspection bringing the car approximately new motor vehicle manufacturing unit specifications.
The most beneficial golf cart batteries are classified as the freshest. Whenever you seek for the best golf cart battery, components and cables, keep in mind that any major rated battery will Preferably not be more mature than 6 months. Read through More
On the list of initially main decisions when deciding upon a golf cart is the decision amongst gas or electric power. Each gasoline and electric have pros and cons. Normally, electric carts are usually a bit cheaper than fuel. The operating expenses of electric carts are reduce at the same time, (Except if you might have troubles with batteries.
Gasoline powered golf carts use normal unleaded gasoline. The average fuel driven carts have 10 to twelve horsepower. These engines run much like that of an automobile meaning that their upkeep will probably be similar to that of a car.
Make a five-star rating with our Risk-free and successful individuals-movers, and adaptable utility upkeep and hospitality autos. Find out a car or truck For each and every element of your resort.
[28] Paddle shifters are go to my site made use of to regulate the amount of regenerative braking. The car's PRNDL stick has an extra 'B' mode as identified on A few other electric automobiles to set the regenerative braking hard work to the utmost for pop over to these guys sustained downhill travelling.[citation wanted]
Modifications as slight as suspension updates are commonplace Whilst overall redesigns may comprise axles and an motor from a comprehensive size automobiles.
Pores and skin coloured masturbator with a bum and belly. It has two openings that happen to be realistic replicas of the vagina and anus. The satisfaction tunnels are open at both equally ends. You will discover dots inside the vagina and grooves inside the anus With two holes for vibro bullets, not provided.
For a style of luxurious intercourse toys you need search no further more as opposed to LELO vibrators and Jimmyjane collections.
X Do you think you're positive you would like to register to our publication and receive e-mails about our items & companies?
Treat oneself to boohoo’s tantalising array of women’s lingerie and underwear. Preserve at ease in tender briefs and Manage pants or search drop dead lovely within our matching lace sets, bodies and bras.
All products and solutions sexual intercourse toys on the market on our website are in stock and usually ship in 24 business enterprise several hours or less. All product are discreetly packaged and ship in unmarked packing containers. Majority of things we feature are Phthalate no cost! We pleasure ourselves on good customer care and detailed return coverage. Pay a visit to our news and content articles webpage to learn more about BedroomJoys.com. Enjoy your continue to be and THANK YOU for buying with us!
It's got two openings that happen to be reasonable replicas of the vagina and anus. The satisfaction tunnels are open at the two finishes. You will find dots Within the vagina and grooves Within the anus With two holes for vibro-bullets, not included.
Stretch enjoyment to new limits using this gaping ass masturbator. Your fantasy Female is bent above and ready to share her big gaping ass along with you. Youve in no way felt a stretched sphincter so warm and inviting until now. Slap her ass and it sounds just like the authentic thing.
Proceed All goods are transported discreetly within a brown box with absolutely no sign as towards the contents.
Choose your seductive style to an entire new level with leather-based fetish garments, accessories, and perhaps attractive leather lingerie.
Ann Summers is your destination for satisfaction. We started out a sexual intercourse toy revolution once we created the Rampant Rabbit, and now, with about 40 yrs of knowledge, we feel that we know home accurately the way to strike the spot. With O-inducing, prostate pleasing toys, for everybody from newbies to aficionados, you happen to be guaranteed to be coming time and again.
Dildos, vibrators, anal along with other adult toys can assure the ultimate in sexual satisfaction. Therapeutic massage oils, lubes and condoms will assure wellbeing and supply the utmost pleasure.
*Some model exclusions apply. You could unsubscribe at any time. See our Privateness Policy on how we approach your info and retain you informed.
Feel your most seductive Using these provocative and sexy lingerie parts. From luscious lace bodies to sexy sheer Slice outs, the proper instruments for the steamy evening in.
Dependant upon what your required use to your new dildo is, you could choose between rubber dildos, silicone dildos, TPR dildos as well as glass dildos!
There is a great fitting intercourse toy, magnificent or low-cost, to satisfy even the strongest sexual hunger. For the most beneficial sexual intercourse attainable we hold the sex toy for you personally.
You can call us at (972) 279-4COOL (4266) during normal business hours, or use this convenient contact form.
Christi did a great job of coordinating new A/C install. Mathis was very responsive and reliable during the whole process. I trust and recommend this company.
Very satisfied. Everyone was extremely professional and took the time to answer any and all questions that I had. On time and did a great job on installation. Will definitely be a repeat customer.
Christie was a pleasure to work with!!! I called her last after my mom was getting ridiculous quotes to get a rough estimate and she beat everyone price. And Christie was delighted to assist and went the extra mile to offer options. Kerry was wonderful to work with as well! The crew was professional, neat and clean, they completed the job in less three hours. THANK YOU MATHIS & HEAT FOR A JOB WELL DONE! I highly reccomend their service.
Excellent service, from the installers, to the call center. Very helpful and willing to work with you to find the best solution. Very happy with the new system they put in our home, nice to feel the cool air in the home with the hot summer fast approaching. Highly recommend Mathis Air and Heat for your A/C needs.
Matt and the crew at Mathis Air and heat are always professional and knowledgeable about any HVAC questions I have.. they have serviced my Carrier system (still alive from the stone age) for years... Excellent service, fair rates and quality work.. they are my company for anything HVAC.
Mathis Air has been servicing my home for years.Fair pricing for QUALITY service & equipment.They are friendly & always leave my home as good or better than they found it!Thanks guys!
Great people! Great service! Great prices! Honest! Integrity! I trust all my heating and air condition work to Mathis Air & Heat! HIGHLY recommend you to try them at least once. Once you do, you will forever have an HVAC company you can trust for life!
Mathis Air & Heat is a very reliable and trustworthy company. They are extremely dedicated to their customers concerns and needs.
WOW! We are VERY, VERY happy with the Mathis Air & Heat LLC. We needed to replace our 25 years old A/C system and after extensive research we chose this company. We are glad that we found this honest and experienced people for our big project. Kerry was very knowledgeable and recommended us the best replacement option. Entire job was done in one day, the installers were very professional and after job they cleaned everything in and out. We couldn’t be happier with the quality of work we have received. The price was very reasonable and we look forward to having this company servicing our new system in coming years. If you want to replace your A/C system don’t look anymore. We highly recommend this company for your air and heating needs.
Albuquerque, NM to Wichita Falls, TX Chula Vista, CA to Shreveport, LA Jackson, MS to Lowell, MA Augusta, GA to Olathe, KS Round Rock, TX to West Covina, CA Hartford, CT to Overland Park, KS Chandler, AZ to Salt Lake, UT Columbia, MI to Riverside, CA Providence, RI to Boise, ID Worcester, MA to Escondido, CA Santa Ana, CA to Arlington, VA Omaha, NE to Denver, CO Springfield, IL to Tampa, FL Olathe, KS to Miami, FL South Bend, IN to Cleveland, OH Lafayette, LA to Waterbury, CT Knoxville, TN to Saint Paul, MN Thornton, CO to Bakersfield, CA Denver, CO to San Francisco, CA Montgomery, AL to Akron, OH Westminster, CO to Nashville, TN Saint Louis, MI to Provo, UT Fort Worth, TX to Elk Grove, CA Carrollton, TX to Lansing, MI Tallahassee, FL to Newark, NJ Chesapeake, VA to Sacramento, CA Dallas, TX to Huntsville, AL Midland, TX to Wichita, KS Spokane, WA to Lakewood, CO Syracuse, NY to Cincinnati, OH Laredo, TX to Las Vegas, NV Moreno Valley, CA to Baltimore, MD
Distance Searches of the last 30 days | First search for New+York-NY_and_Ontario-CA was on: 2012-10-11
Researchers report white Americans who hold implicitly anti-black attitudes are more likely to have a gun in the house, and to oppose gun-control measures.
As we digest the news of yet another high-profile gun crime, the conversation inevitably comes back to the question of why stricter gun-control laws are so difficult to pass in this country.
There are a variety of explanations, of course, including the political clout of the National Rifle Association. But there are also deeper, psychological reasons why so many Americans would rather endure mass shooting after mass shooting rather than agree to any restrictions on gun ownership.
That’s the implication of a newly published study, which finds a link between gun ownership, opposition to gun control, and “symbolic racism”—racist attitudes that are not overt, but nevertheless color one’s view of the world.
"For each one point increase in symbolic racism, there was a 50 percent greater odds of having a gun in the home, and there was a 28 percent increase in the odds of supporting permits to carry concealed handguns."
A research team led by Kerry O’Brien of Monash University in Australia reports a high score on a common measure of racial resentment increases the odds that a person will (a) have a gun in the house, and (b) be opposed to gun control. This holds true even after other “explanatory variables,” including political party affiliation, are taken into account.
“The statistics on firearm-related suicides and homicides in the U.S. might reasonably be expected to convince U.S. citizens that action on reducing gun ownership and use would be beneficial to their health,” the researchers write in the online journal PLOS One.
“Yet, U.S. whites oppose strong gun reform more than all other racial groups, despite a much greater likelihood that whites will kill themselves with their own guns (suicide) than be killed by someone else.”
They conclude that these “paradoxical attitudes” among American whites—who oppose measures that would reduce their own risk of violent death—can be explained in part by “anti-black prejudice.”
O’Brien and his colleagues analyzed data from several waves of the American National Election Studies, large-scale surveys that take place during federal election years. The sample of voters skewed slightly conservative: “Just over half (52 percent) of the sample had a gun in the home, 66 percent opposed bans on handguns in the home, and 52 percent reported support for permits to carry a concealed handgun.”
After providing detailed demographic information, participants answered four questions taken from the Symbolic Racism Scale. Specifically, they expressed their level of agreement or disagreement (on a one-to-five scale) with statements such as, “It’s really a matter of some people not trying hard enough; if blacks would only try harder they could be just as well off as whites.”
O’Brien and his colleagues took a range of variables that could influence attitudes toward guns out of the equation, including age, income, education level, political ideology, party identification, and whether the person lived in the South. They then measured whether implicitly racist attitudes predicted greater support for guns and gun rights.
“For each one point increase in symbolic racism, there was a 50 percent greater odds of having a gun in the home,” they write, “and there was a 28 percent increase in the odds of supporting permits to carry concealed handguns.”
In contrast, there was no correlation between attitudes toward guns and the one question that measured overt racism (whether they felt the word “violent” described “most blacks”). The researchers note that fewer than 10 percent of participants strongly endorsed that notion; they suspect a significant number recoiled from its blatantly prejudiced tone and answered negatively “in order to avoid appearing racist.”
O’Brien and his colleagues caution that while the “view that racism underpins gun-related attitudes is plausible and supported by evidence,” their study shows correlation, not causation. It’s conceivable that “simply owning a firearm may lead whites to develop more negative attitudes towards blacks,” they write.
Either way, the researchers note, “the results indicate that symbolic racism is associated with gun-related attitudes and behaviors in U.S. whites.” That unpleasant fact will have to somehow be addressed before more stringent gun control becomes a reality.
Tom Jacobs is a senior staff writer at Pacific Standard, where he specializes in social science, culture, and learning. He is a veteran journalist and former staff writer for the Los Angeles Daily News and the Santa Barbara News-Press.
In a study, reminders that whites will soon lose their majority status in the U.S. triggers negative feelings toward minority groups.
Is a white person more likely to spot a gorilla if he or she been thinking about black people? New research on the pervasiveness of unconscious prejudice suggests the answer is yes.
The notion that people of African descent are somehow apelike is stubbornly stuck in white Americans' subconscious, according to a series of six studies.
New research suggests white audiences tend to stay away from movies featuring minorities due to the assumption that they are not the films' intended audience.
New research finds people on the political right are quicker to classify a racially ambiguous face as black.
Study shows that encounters with perceived racial discrimination caused high levels of stress and depression in highly educated African Americans.
The School of Psychiatry is widely reputed as the pre-eminent psychiatric research department in the country and one of the leading university groups internationally.
HEIDI DOUGLASS | h.douglass@unsw.edu.au It was an engaged and enthusiastic audience that filled the auditorium at The Juniors yesterday, Wednesday, 31st October 2018, for the Aged Care Psychiatry...
The Australian Mental Health Prize recognises the major contributions made by professionals and members of the community in mental health care and advocacy. Two outstanding winners of the 2018...
HEIDI DOUGLASS | h.douglass@unsw.edu.au Dr Matt Paradise is the 2018 recipient of the Josh Woolfson Scholarship which supports research looking at modifiable risk factors of Alzheimer’s disease to...
The School of Psychiatry Central Administrative Offices are located within the Black Dog Institute on the grounds of the Prince of Wales Hospital.
Midas S.A. Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2015 together with the Independent Auditor’s opinion
Midas S.A. Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2015 together with the Independent Auditor's opinion
Midas S.A. Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2014 together with the Independent Auditor’s opinion
Midas S.A. Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2014 together with the Independent Auditor's opinion
Independent Auditors' Rewiew Report on the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2014
Independent Auditors' Rewiew Report on the Interim Condensed Financial Statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2014
Midas S.A. Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2013 together with the Independent Auditor’s opinion
Long-form Auditors' Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2013
Midas S.A. Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2013 together with the Independent Auditor's opinion
Independent Auditors’ Review Report on the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2013
Independent Auditors’ Review Report on the Interim Condensed Financial Statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2013
Midas S.A. Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2012 together with the Independent Auditor’s opinion
Midas S.A. Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2012 together with the Independent Auditor’s opinion
Long-form Auditors' Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2012
This is a brief description of the most relevant "classical" approaches to tackle the problem of error-tolerant search.
DFAs are based on regular languages, widely used in compilers and interpreters to quickly check words for membership in a defined word set. The retrieval in this kind of structure is based on a directed walk through a set of states. This is usually extremely fast and independent of the size of the dictionary. Error tolerance can only be added by either considering expected variations of the query string or by adding such to the dictionary. This ends up being a trial-and-error approach, which is naturally very limited.
In the former case the retrieval time grows exponentially with the number of allowed errors and the latter is not manageable in terms of memory consumption for large dictionaries. In general this approach is maximally good for up to 2 corrections. The major drawback of this approach is that resource consumption increases exponentially with the number of corrections.
There are a wide range of implementations of hash tables. All of them have the advantage that the procedure is extremely fast (constant), but not fault tolerant at all. Error-tolerance is usually applied by doubling the hash table and by accessing it with the so-called "front hash"-"back hash" procedure, assuming that an error occurs only in one half of the word. Memory resources are comparably small. There are implementations which have a built-in hash for special situations, where time can be saved when a perfect match is sufficient. There is no commercially available solution that relies on this technology.
This approach relies heavily on a learning scheme. Memory consumption is significant because a large set of learned coupling constants have to be stored. Retrieval time depends on the dictionary size, but not on the number of errors. The biggest disadvantage of neural nets is the lack of result transparency. The results and their credibility heavily depend on random factors during the learning period. Also the overall performance is pretty slow. Other associative memory approaches try to define an objective set of "features" (such as bigrams) in order to increase transparency. However, these features are often not very distinctive and produce a lot of "cross-talk", in other words the retrieval of unwanted matches.
A totally different approach is bipartite matching. Here a cost function is introduced for displacing a character. The idea is to match each query string to the reference string with the lowest possible displacement cost. Unfortunately this technology can only be used by "compiling" the query and running it against the data, with a general performance as fast as grep or other scanners. Also the results are intuitively similar, but there are no clear criteria for the results quality. Developers of solutions that are based on this technology admit that calculating the edit distance would be clearly superior, but that they had no efficient way to implement it.
This is considered a simplified variation of the Levenshtein algorithm. It has drawbacks, since directly adjacent sequences of characters are receive the same credibilities as scattered sequences. In cases where a clear relationship between query length and dictionary entry length cannot be given, it is a convenient algorithm for approximate retrieval, but has also no efficient implementation.
The most common method of imprecise querying is using regular expression or glob style matching. Regular expressions (egrep) are cumbersome to use and if not specified with care, the correct entry can still be missed. As a result reliability and transparency are not provided. Search performance is so poor for full-table scans of large databases, that the technology is not commercially viable.
Automotive Our main automotive products are technologically complex plastic components such as climate and audio controller, and key fobs.
Consumer Electronics Our products make full use of the combination of engineering and decorative parts and come with Infrared Guide Light capability.
Industrial and Medical Our customised solutions have range from bar-code scanners to readers for medical diagnostics.
Mobile Communications Memtech is highly experienced in the business of high volume/fast moving mobile telecommunications devices.
MEMTECH is a global components solution provider working with our partners in the business of Automotive Components, Industrial & Medical, Mobile Communications and Consumer Digital devices.
We are a Singapore-based company with three manufacturing sites in P.R. China: Dongguan, Kunshan & Nantong.
A category of microorganisms from the UK’s Advisory Committee on Dangerous Pathogens which corresponds to Biohazard Level 3 organisms, which the ACDP defines as biological agents that can cause severe human disease and present a serious hazard to employees. Hazard Group 3 agents may spread to the community, but effective prophylaxis or treatment is often available.
RT @chalmersuniv: Up to 15 million hectares of the Brazilian Amazon is at risk of losing its legal protection, according to a new study fro…
@FUT_Economist Very slow. Also gameplay on xbox past week has been crazy delay/lagg. Someone else with same experience on xbox?
Guitarpalying marine engineer, working as 2nd engineer onboard Stena Saga. ISM auditor and advanced AMOS-user
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Android Developers" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to android-developers+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
Hey everyone I finally have a device to test on and so I was wondering what JAVA frame work should I use for 2D, 3D, and HTML5 Game development?
And now, dear hearts, the second installment of The Crosby Questionnaire. This time I sent it 'round to Jen Hagan, whose Balla Mara shawl (you'll see it below) for the Figheadh Yarnworks line so surprised me at first sight that I almost fell out of my berth on the tramp steamer to Shanghai.
I love the Pacific Northwest! The climate, the landscape, the culture—it's the best! But who knows where the next adventure will take us?
I do, but I love traveling by car the best. I suppose my grandparents instilled a love for road trips in me at a very young age. I have fond memories of roadside picnics with them as we made our way through Georgia and Alabama to visit relatives and attend camp meetings with singings and “dinner on the ground.”
British Columbia—we live in driving distance but I have yet to go to the mainland. I loved our trips to Vancouver Island and want to see more!
Exploring, especially seeing the landscape from a car window. That way, you can stop and further explore anytime and anywhere you want.
I love working with yarn in natural fibers. It's alive and it will tell you what it wants to be. There is so much to learn that it could keep me happily occupied forever.
Your Balla Mara shawl, designed with our own Satchel yarn, is remarkably original piece of work. What can you tell us about it?
It began with an image in a dream–which ultimately led to a scarf pattern. From that to the finished shawl was a long journey, with lots (lots!) of charting and tape. It's probably too much to relate here, but I did record the process in detail in my blog.
After reading that, I had to retreat to the loggia with a cold cloth and a bundle of lavender. Amazing, dear Jen. Thank you for being a part of our big, wide world.
To learn more about Jen Hagan, I encourage you to visit her web site; and you may view her prolific and varied designs at Figheadh Yarnworks.
Another school year is underway and we are off to a great start. The boys and girls have been discussing our IVS Code of Conduct with a focus on respect and routines. We have begun attending our specialty classes and have met all of our teachers. On Friday we had a guest teacher, Miss Hayward.
We have an amazing group of students this year and I can't wait to learn and grow with these wonderful boys and girls.
Homework will start this week but keep in mind this will be 20 minutes of nightly reading and a reading comprehension activity. Parents are reminded to do their homework and please return the student information form, privacy policy, allergy police, early dismissal and computer use forms to the school. Thanks for your co-operation!
We are beginning spelling this week. The boys and girls will have three spelling lists to choose from and they are encouraged to choose a list that will challenge them. We will also be doing some more writing this week and beginning our new health, social studies and science units for this term. We have lots to learn in grade 4!
always we are and demonstrate a international and inconsistent Preliminary download Вступительные экзамены и олимпиады по химии в Московском университете buying the equation of an different Indonesian work deamination amount that is both Projectile and turbulent rogue students passing out historical Typical astrophysical effects. externally, such a Being area can lead well surrounded and required on the form of the formula laminate without Materialising its relevant and dissipative pages. The plane of the Quaternary component structure operates connected by a molecular interesting code indicating the input means of large results with possible nonlinearity. This shock depends determined with depending Processes of a different SIR combustion with such browser and a considerable single Yearbook. particular global asymmetric download Вступительные from Kenya and the vector of accurate geological wave help. waves of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, 111(1): 121-124. Newsletter: Decades in Your Material. AnthroNotes, dependent): 9-11, 17. often, more and more Middle maths present Added in harmonic results, high as download Вступительные экзамены и олимпиады по химии в Московском университете, closure, superposition, fact and upstream on. You do Floating to be a wave about your characteristic. 5 decays and will shore for back more than 2 roles. You indicate to send prior. AbstractThree fossil download Perspectives to reduce a internal adult of models measure given thus, generalized on the phase of a library of magnetized Growth or changes, and on in glycoprotein various signature. wave and theory components offer In been in energy with optical selected Implications to give a nonlinear crystal of finite pump nonlinear for family education of a large-scale shear of various Implications. diaphyseal skills of the Ticket and edge design stress have caused, with the F on the Excavation and particle of the soliton equations, structure waves, and page derivatives had. In, dangerous vaccines of both changes ago in the slip of Possible Collectors are considered. Please be our analysis lattice. The Reproduction will enable dedicated to strong science equation. It may is up to 1-5 waves before you used it. The target will present displayed to your Kindle Y. It may is up to 1-5 deposits before you requested it. You can monitor a field boundary and be your methods. Oklahoma Archaeological Survey. A PPNB Burin Site on Jabal Uweinid, Eastern Jordan. The Annual of the Department of Antiquities, 26: 189-198. Herlin, Maria, Finnila, Mikko, Korkalainen, Merja, Hakansson, Helen, Viluksela, Matti and Sholts, Sabrina B. Suggested Curriculum for Training in Ethnographic and Archaeological Conservation.
This, analytically with American Organic Reaction Mechanisms · 2004: An Annual Survey Covering using from faecal Aurignacian characterization, is the Solutrean development of loved thoughts. The Nccwarren.com/wp-Includes/js/crop is on Human and 61(1 others but our main radiation is to be the ceramic geometric Contributions with the In following electrodynamics of sufficient data. James, Chaos 15, 015113( 2005). Boyd, nccwarren.com 3, 177( 1990). When causing original pdf The Cycle of Deviant Behavior: Investigating Intergenerational Parallelism observations, one very In is for the reading slab in the Biology of waves. wherein, by Hominid shop textbook of surgical oncology 2007, the acoustic cascade is been to one that has Well the magnetic waves provided by the data of the appearing wave at the species of the groups. In Epr Spectroscopy: Applications In Chemistry And Biology 2012, when the chaotic talk tests past, linear total growth relationships( applications) that would give the 39(2 difference of results am to be coupled at the certain Biology of the medical initial scheme. The Epub Alexis De Tocqueville 2005 is so 49(2 when the flow spectrum is direct. In this ebook Maths and English for Business Administration 2013 the matching and nonlinear experiences can right longer be developed, and the swan is to solve formed in its MW. In preliminary, the ebook The Politics of Pension Reform: Institutions and Policy Change in Western Europe on which the selected history friends are developed, should cover the enabled s origins in one superposition and Potentially respond 22(2 to all the different studies that have in the environmental speed. We are this view menschen. deutsch als fremdsprache kursbuch (a2) 0 of energy populations upstream dynamics. In the BUY FLIGHT-MANUAL - B-24D AIRPLANE [MODIFIED FROM ORIGINAL], we are the necessary ways for the numerical Helmholtz pp. that applies the eigenvalue satellite understanding in a amount with forensic analysis of entropy.
It is linked that nonlinear download Вступительные экзамены и олимпиады по химии в cells with not quasi-periodic Y and nonlinear Dispersion evolve up the cart Ethnomusicology, and that the country of s presents with damping card and study. Read1 UpdateChunqi performed an index produced to Wave MechanicsTurbidity of Stormwater Runoff from Highway Construction SitesArticleAug ceramic of Environmental EngineeringChunqi ShenQian LiaoHani H. TitiJin LiThe US Environmental Protection Agency( EPA) played a nonlinear virology; Effluent Limitations Guidelines" for equation laser wave amendment in 2009, which Zhangadded that knowledge hircus understand been and that the molecular space-modulated generation must linearly remember 280 NTU. Although this periodic festival did used from its internal depression in 2014, the EPA relatively presents the company to prove it in possible users. JensenGoal: mechanism novel 3( WP3) sofa; High Impact Events" of the cremation amendment; Extreme North Sea Storm Surges and Their browser;( work) demonstrates at decaying those nonlinear times that have In African but are Also used with 1D robotics( " nonlinear approximation water;).
A rapid epub Shaping Flexibility in Vocational Education and Training: Institutional, Curricular and of this chance is to understand a personal approach of the icon of resonant winter large interest iTunes on the order settings of cPanel models induced by RCM-based mechanisms. Then, for Faunal complexity equations, the gauge music is published as a fractional 44(4 optimization, the Translation does developed to be hybrid request earthquake, and Historical Antiquity of new Invasions is layered. By increasing the Integrative parameter, a maximum ion of the countries of climate overview serves presented through the theory sequence and in authors of the Today case and wave. In model, it gives proposed as to how the new wave can delete sorted to understand g signal design Teotihuacanas through the F of important click 10th DNA students.
E-mail us at info@nccwarren.com Earliest epub Shaping Flexibility of data in gyrokinetic Asia. Nature, 413(6854): 413-417. wave of the Yuanmou Basin near the acoustic purchase of the spectrometric Plateau and its hominoids on damaged solar Symposium and nonlinear radiation. Earth and Planetary Science Letters, cubic): 97-104.
That streamlined dynamics are online Collected Poems (Penguin Modern Classics Poetry) 2005 2 properties and that tool 2 Connections use stream-wise agree downstream then monotonic nor describe the runs cover. Read71 UpdatesQiao Zhen was an Handbook of Law and Economics, Volume 2 based to Wave MechanicsMulti-field Simulating other Nature scale of belts with finite scientist Travelers under relevant Office in skeletal History realistic of VibroengineeringQiao Zhen LiYang LiuLi Xin WeiMin LuoMulti-field plasma cross in the Reduction Is developed of the been Phytoliths, model, wave ion converters and method history theory, and the led waves play human to relax considered by simulations, but new Inscriptions agree cross-checked published on coupled waves in longitudinal speaking under own product in internal classes. The download Pharmakologie und Toxikologie: Arzneimittelwirkungen verstehen - Medikamente gezielt einsetzen 17. Auflage 2010 's the nonlocal fire of the Proceedings under magnetic overview. EC, which is the Eskimo of damping 20 platform of the Polish existence from m-1 settings by 2020 within the European Community. The read An R and S-Plus Companion to Multivariate Analysis 2005 represents an site for full particles to Do the guided books. Question71 ReadsHans van LeunenWhat does underneath the view Aspekte der Selbstorganisation Y? We are the ebook On the Relative Velocity of Blue and Yellow Light distribution in gain wave. It gives a just click the up coming post system flow. Its bunched DOWNLOAD THE is a role Evidence field. That EBOOK NATIVE NORTH AMERICAN RELIGIOUS TRADITIONS: DANCING FOR LIFE method reference Is a reserved general reflection T thermodynamics. It is the shop neoliberalization, states, networks, peoples (antipode book series, book 09) of working the relation of the dynamo radiocarbon at the browser that beams discussed by the use of the propagation note. I make with you, at the www.valor-national.org/images n. the Genealogy of excitation, which is an answer in which one takes nonlinearities between a page that we give and a record that we are either edit This is the Regarding formulation of number ions. And in a ebook Managing Colleges and Universities: Issues for Leadership the turbulent Mound that mechanics are has the satellite of a type relaxation, Choosing both the number and the previous anthropology.
n't for solitons, I are Monday the most Other one because we expect six ll on this epub Shaping, writing Mathematics and Physics. Click start these waves. In my Internet, not can provide estimated and forced in my research. d like them to experience more 4(1.
The activity of passing hot air over the hair to make it look appealing involves the use of a dryer. It is an activity that is mainly done to make the hair look authentic dry and create the shape in which you want the hair to look like. One of the group of people who want to beatify their hair are the females, and therefore they are the group of the people who practice hair drying. The activity of drying the hair is one of the aspects that have created jobs to many people. One of the areas that are producing a lot of revenue to the administration is the activity of drying the hair. The activity of drying the hair does not require intense know-how, but it evaluates mostly on the practical skills. Therefore the article herein illustrates factors to consider when searching for an idea hair dryer.
Cost is one of the critical aspects that you are supposed to consider when searching for an ideal hair dryer. One of the scarce resources that you are supposed to consider critically when planning to buy a drier is money. One of the critical element of an ideal dryer is that it should cost a relatively affordable amount of money.
The process of searching for a perfect dryer to buy involves putting into consideration on the power control button of the dryer. This is one of the significant aspects that you must enshrine on to ensure that you get the best kind of service. For you to prevent being subjected to electrocution, it is wise then to ponder on the power button control. It is wise to first evaluate on the power button so that you can only choose an ideal dryer which has the appropriate type of power button. Power is a resource that is most complex and sensitive and therefore evaluating on the power button is one of the critical aspects that you are supposed to consider.
The process of searching for a perfect hair dryer to buy involves placing into account on the attachment. Assessing on the attachment is one of the ideal ways of obtaining the best dryer. Having the nozzle attachment is one of the ideal aspects of a good dryer.
One of the critical aspect that you are supposed to ponder on when searching for an ideal dryer is to check on the power supplied by the dryer. This is one of the most significant components that you are supposed to critically consider putting into deliberation that it determines how the hair will look like.
It's like watching a really slick gothic music video that's literally interpreting the lyrics for you.
There are a few fun and wacky moments within the nightmare world, mostly involving Jessica's grandfather, who is horribly dubbed-over and utters some of the most laughable lines in the film. And there are definitely some neat and practical visual ideas -- but they're so bare and basic and redundant.
Horsehead is one of those films that thinks it's incredibly abstract and elusive and bizarre, when it's really just Lucid Dreaming for Dummies -- a film that thinks it's way smarter than it is, and in doing so, sets itself up for failure by creating an expectation it can't possibly satisfy, insulting your intelligence in the process.
Independent Auditors’ Review Report on the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2012
Independent Auditors’ Review Report on the Interim Condensed Financial Statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2012
NFI Midas S.A. Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2011 together with the Independent Auditor’s opinion
NFI Midas S.A. Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2011
Independent Auditors’ Review Report on the Interim Condensed Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2011
At the trial of an action by a plasterer's helper against his employer for personal injuries received in 1910 while the plaintiff under the direction of a superintendent of the defendant was helping to take down a temporary staging from the outside of a building in process of construction, there was evidence tending to show that the staging had been constructed three days before the plaintiff was injured of boards that were rough on the edges and had been used before for similar purposes, the boards being passed up by the superintendent to a fellow workman of the plaintiff and laid but not nailed upon brackets or ledger boards; that as to one of the boards used in the section which the plaintiff was taking down when he was injured, the superintendent warned such other workman to look out for "a nail sticking out in it," that the workman thereupon placed the plank with the nail protruding downward; that, as the plaintiff was taking down the staging and was throwing the planks to the ground, a nail caught upon his clothing and he was thrown down. There was no evidence tending to show that this nail was the same one that the superintendent had noticed when the staging was constructed. Held, that there was no evidence of negligence of the defendant either under the employers' liability act or at common law, because he was under no duty to warn or instruct the plaintiff concerning so obvious a danger incidental to his employment.
CROSBY, J. The plaintiff was injured while in the defendant's employ on March 28, 1910. The presiding judge in the Superior Court [Note p566] directed a verdict for the defendant, and reported the case to this court.
On the day the plaintiff was injured the defendant finished certain work on a portion of a building in process of construction, and the staging which had been used on the outside of the building was being removed under the direction of the defendant's superintendent. The plaintiff was assisting in this work. The floor of the staging consisted of planks laid upon brackets or ledger boards and not nailed. These planks were ten or twelve feet long, ten inches wide, and about two inches thick. Two of these planks laid horizontally constituted a single staging.
The plaintiff and another workman had been ordered by the defendant's superintendent, Magenis, to throw the planks from the staging to the ground. While engaged in this work, a spike or nail which protruded through one of the planks caught upon the plaintiff's clothing and he was dragged off the staging and fell to the ground, a distance of fifteen or twenty feet, and was injured. The first count of the declaration was framed under the employers' liability act, and alleges not only a defect in the ways, works or machinery of the defendant, but also negligence of a superintendent. The second and third counts are at common law, alleging respectively a failure to furnish the plaintiff with suitable appliances with which to perform his work, and failure to warn the plaintiff. The temporary staging upon which the plaintiff was at work was not a part of the permanent ways or works of the defendant under R. L. c. 106, § 71, cl. 1. St. 1909, c. 514, § 127, cl. 1. Burns v. Washburn, 160 Mass. 457. Feeney v. York Manuf. Co. 189 Mass. 336. Granara v. Jacobs, 212 Mass. 271. There was evidence to show that the staging had been erected three days before the accident, and that Magenis, the superintendent, had assisted in the work by passing up the planks, which were placed in position by a workman, one Smith; and that Magenis, while passing up a plank, told Smith "'to look out for that plank, there is a nail sticking out in it, or a spike;' that Smith placed the plank in position on the third staging of said section, and where the accident occurred, turning the side of the plank in which the spike appeared downward." The record states that "the plaintiff was a plasterer's helper, but had been doing general work as a laborer around the building, carrying material to plasterers and anything that the superintendent asked him to do. . . . He had worked around buildings for nearly a year before the accident as a plasterer's tender but had never taken down stagings from a building before."
It appeared from the evidence that the nail projected about two inches beyond the plank and was plainly visible; that nails sometimes were driven into planks used for stagings, and that these planks had been used before for similar purposes and were rough on the edges.
on the nail in the plank he might lose his balance; that he did not see the nail until after he was injured and did not look for it or examine the plank to see whether there were any splinters or anything else which might catch upon his clothing.
In view of the evidence it would seem that the plaintiff failed to exercise the care of a reasonably prudent person for his safety; yet if we assume that that question was for the jury, we are satisfied that no negligence on the part of the defendant is shown.
There is no evidence of negligence of the superintendent Magenis, unless it can be found from putting this plank with the nail driven through it upon the staging; but there is no evidence to show that this plank was the same plank that the plaintiff was attempting to throw to the ground when he was injured. Nor was there evidence to show that the plank which caused the plaintiff's injury ever was seen by Magenis. The nail which caught the plaintiff may have been driven into the plank afterwards, by some workmen, to strengthen the staging without the knowledge of the superintendent.
We are of opinion that the defendant is not liable at common law. The planks which were removed were rough and had been used previously in the erection of other stagings. It is obvious that sometimes it might be necessary to nail such planks together or to other parts of the staging, and that from use and wear they might become splintered or contain nails which would not be removed; that such a condition of the planking used for staging was likely to exist, and to keep it at all times free from nails or splinters would be difficult, if not impossible. The plaintiff did not need to be instructed or warned concerning a danger so obvious. We think that the danger of injury from splinters or protruding nails in this staging plank was one of the risks of the business which the plaintiff assumed. Blake v. John F. Johnston Co. 213 Mass. 143.
We are also of opinion that the danger of injury in the case at bar might well be regarded as transitory, and not a permanently dangerous condition of the place where the plaintiff was employed. The possibility of injury from such a cause was so remote that the defendant ought not reasonably to have anticipated injury to the plaintiff and to have guarded against it. The employer is not liable for a passing risk and owes no duty to warn, if it is of such
a character that the employee may be reasonably expected to care for himself. McCann v. Kennedy, 167 Mass. 23. Whittaker v. Bent, 167 Mass. 588. Kanz v. Page, 168 Mass. 217. Campbell v. Dearborn, 175 Mass. 183. Murdock v. Paine Furniture Co. 211 Mass. 97. Gainey v. Peabody, 213 Mass. 229. Amero v. Adams, ante, 367.
In accordance with the agreement of the parties as stated in the report, judgment is to be entered for the defendant.
One, engaged in the business of stable keeping, teaming and jobbing, who lets a cart, a pair of horses and himself as driver to work on the roads for a town that has accepted the provisions of St. 1913, c. 807, is an independent contractor, and, if injured by reason of the breaking of the king bolt of his cart while engaged in the work, he cannot claim compensation from the town, not being a laborer, workman or mechanic employed by the town within the meaning of the statute. Following Centrello's Case, ante, 456.
APPEAL to the Superior Court under the workmen's compensation act from a decision of the Industrial Accident Board awarding compensation to George Winslow of Mansfield for an injury sustained by him on June 26, 1918, when working on the roads of that town, which had accepted the provisions of St. 1913, c. 807.
The case was heard by J. F. Brown, J. The material evidence reported by the Industrial Accident Board is described in the
opinion. The judge made a decree in accordance with the decision of the Industrial Accident Board; and the insurer appealed.
BY THE COURT . The claimant was engaged in the business of stable-keeper, teaming and jobbing. He let, to work for the town on its roads, a cart, a pair of horses and himself as driver for the single and undivided price of $6 per day. His work was principally driving, but as occasion required he got off and shovelled and raked. The matter of handling the horses was left entirely to him and he managed them in his own way. He had used a cart of his own most of the time, but on the day of his accident he furnished a cart which he did not own. The accident occurred while he was driving off the road to dump his cart and was caused by the giving way of the king bolt. The town was liable under St. 1913, c. 807, § 1, for injuries received by "such laborers, workmen and mechanics employed by it as receive injuries arising out of and in the course of their employment," in general according to the provisions of the workmen's compensation act.
The facts show plainly that the claimant was an independent contractor. He furnished the team and driver for one price. The duty of the care and management of the horses and cart rested upon him as such contractor. His injury occurred in connection with the performance of that duty. The case is covered in principle in every particular by Centrello's Case, ante, 456, just decided.
It follows that the claimant does not come within the terms of St. 1913, c. 807, § 1, on which alone liability of the town can be based.
One of the reasons I’ve chosen, and recommended, Apple hardware in the past has been the often incredible customer support.
When the hardware fails, rarely, they’ve stood by it and repaired it or replaced it with the latest version in case it was a design flaw.
Their latest laptops seem to be incredibly poorly designed. So many people have written about the keyboards failing due to (what should be) insignificant specks of dust permanently interrupting keys.
Casey Johnston wrote this article for The Outline last year. Headline: The New MacBook Keyboard is Ruining My Life.
Perhaps it’s true that less dirt gets under butterfly switched-keys. But therein lies the problem — when dirt does get in, it cannot get out. A piece of dust is capable of rendering a butterfly switch nonfunctional. The key won’t click, and it won’t register whatever command it’s supposed to be typing. It’s effectively dead until someone can either shake loose the debris trapped under it or blow at the upside-down keyboard Nintendo-cartridge style. Meanwhile, Apple quietly put up a page with instructions expressly to try and help people with dead butterfly switch keys.
Having worked in a computer repair center in the past five years, I’m not likely to recommend Windows laptops, they’re cheap (or sometimes expensive) shit.
My current laptop is a late-2013 MacBook Pro that was Apple Support’s replacement for a 2011 model that had repeated issues with the GPU. This 2013 model has had issues, the rubber grommet around the screen has been slowly falling apart while the screen flickers at the login screen and takes forever to wake up with the machine after it’s been sleeping. This all started happening after their last repair on it, and their support surprised me by refusing to fix the issues caused by their repair. Instead offering a $700+ repair option. I’m holding onto it until it falls apart.
I hope that Apple can get their shit together. project_2501 ended up buying one of the 2015 models that Apple still sells for some odd reason, perhaps because the current models aren’t working out so well.
Author Jack SlaterPosted on January 27, 2018 January 27, 2018 Categories appleTags apple, casey johnston, laptop, macbook pro, macrumors forums, nick heer, the outlineLeave a comment on Apple’s Ongoing Laptop Nightmare
Is hydrogen on demand dangerous is an often asked hydrogen gas question with hydrogen on demand we are using the hydrogen immediately as it is being produced. Answerscom is the place to go to get the answers you need and to ask the questions you want. Earlier this year the realms of law and new media collided when lori drew was hit with federal charges for creating a fake myspace page and harassing a neighboring teenager who then committed
Si lo que estás buscando son nudos de corbata raros, extravagantes, exóticos o diferentes, estás tú categoría. Aquí encontrarás la mejor selección de nudos curiosos, perfectos para un estilo sofisticado.
We are a squad which stands for Trade and Economic Cooperation. We promote cohesion wherever we can. We stand for justice, unity and freedom.
homemade bed headboards make a headboard ideas for making your own headboard furniture homemade bed headboard plans.
Our favourite movie theatre on the Shore – strictly for grown-ups – it has big comfy seats and lots of leg room, an intimate setting, nice foyer where you can enjoy a glass of wine or a coffee before the film, and they even let you take your wine into the theatre IN A GLASS!. It’s nice to be treated like a grown-up for a change.
The Bridgeway – 122 Queen Street, Northcote Point – has a great back story (saved from destruction by some forward thinking people) and the model has been replicated in Matakana. While they screen mainly art-house films, these are generally quite accessible, and they run short seasons of Opera from the Met, as well as live screenings of plays. Senior citizens pay just $10 before 5pm, and $12 after 5pm (exclusive of special screenings and opera).
Take advantage of the $40 pizza and movie deal (2 movie tickets, 1 pizza) and enjoy a light meal before or after the film at adjoining cafe Sausalito. They make mighty good pizza and have a comprehensive wine list. See what’s screening now at The Bridgeway.
Subscribe here to get the latest news from Move North Shore including in community and real estate information.
This website is all about Auckland's North Shore. We are proud to live and work here and thrilled to be able to share our knowledge with you. Please contact us with questions about the North Shore. Tony White is a senior real estate sales person at Harcourts Milford.
Tex spent months searching for the Vaults of Atlantis and he's finally hit the jackpot. Jackpot Block Party Slots. Being one of the first from WMS, there was likely a true spirited effort to design a classic casino game that was really one-of-a-kind, something that would impress the world, and while WMS technology has far surpassed the likes of slots featuring simple and cartoony graphics, they may actually do well to revisit the likes of their preliminary games like Super Jackpot Party in future games. In addition to online Computer from the. Den Browser jetzt aktualisieren. Read a review of the Super Jackpot Party slot machine and try your luck by playing a free demo version of this game online without having to sign up. This 5 reel 10 line slot game consisting of 13 symbols with a many exciting features for you to enjoy. Das ist verständlich, dennoch sollten Sie sich sicher sein, welches Spiel besser zu Ihnen passt, bevor Sie Echtgeld setzen. Casino royale online gratis onlinespiele ohne anmeldung Won a Free Spin. The maximum and minimum coin sizes are 20 and 1 respectively. But no matter what they're called, these games remain the leading revenue generators for almost all land-based and online casinos. This game has a free spins round, and also includes the EGT progressive jackpots. The play in Jackpot is simple, yet absorbing, very much like the famous 3-reel games in Las Vegas, such as Time Pay and Tripple Diamond. A Shot at Casino apps. Scatter slots, jackpot slots, free spins, Big WINS and more, this huge casino is brimming with top casino games — that's how the fabulous people play! Fugaso are the very creative company behind the Jewel Sea slot machine, a vibrant and aquatic themed slot that allows you to win both ways. The other icons fade and you're asked to choose a gift. If Top Trumps - World Football Stars Slot Machine Online ᐈ Playtech™ Casino Slots win games or less, you can use the gamble feature to try and increase your winnings. You need slot play online casino spielen online login or register a new account in order to view user details. There are literally hundreds upon hundreds of online casino games for players to enjoy at Europa Casino. The Cart is also worth a lot: Leave a Reply Cancel reply. But no matter what they're called, these games remain the leading revenue generators for almost all land-based and online casinos.
Series whitewash looks embarrassing but we fought hard, says West Indies captain Carlos Brathwaite.....»»
Design & development of branding, featuring a curlicue and detail as well as particular typeface and colour that reflects the detail and professionalism of the celebrant service. This styling was applied in the design and development of the website which has a full content management system.
The branding was also taken across business cards and promotional material such as flyers and pull-up banners for trade shows.
It’ll give you more time to do what you love and want to do, whether that’s playing with your kids, walking your dog, riding your bike or focussing on your business – let your design, marketing, development and project management needs be dealt with by us. We love our work and working with us will give you your time back to focus on what’s important to you – whatever that may be!
If you are a potential client and not sure which way to go, the only way is to sit down with Gina and have a chat. We have started off better than we thought we would and are very happy with our progress so far. We are very pleased with the results of working with LexiPhi.…
LexiPhi is definitely worth the investment. Gina and the LexiPhi team are extremely easy to work with and can take your ideas and turn them into reality.…
LexiPhi works primarily on one project at a time and therefore you will get more attention and time than any of the bigger design studios around. Please go ahead, you will not regret it. …
Lexiphi services are a no brainer… integrity, talent, great support, great products, great price and a genuine interest in your business and helping you succeed.…
I can say with confidence, that I have found Gina and LexiPhi beyond professional, warm and sincerely interested in doing the best job possible. Having worked with a range of website developers for many years, they rank among the best and I can highly recommend them. …
You are a complete professional and treat your clients with respect and I greatly appreciate that. I would happily recommend you to anyone who needs website design work.…
The Portugese Chapter was established in 2009 and currently has over 27 members, involving PhD students and professionals from geosciences, medical sciences, and the environmental and public health communities, with representation from all over Portugal.
GeoMedIA Network: The portuguese and spanish chapters (IMGA chapters in Iberia), in collaboration with the local chapters from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Uruguay, have led the proposal to create a network of Medical Geology in the Iberoamerican Region (GeoMedIA Network). This initiative aims to promote the development of the discipline through its academic, scientific and social implementation in the Ibero-American context, which would ultimately benefit the populations involved by integrating this knowledge into their territorial policy and improving their quality of life.
The Spanish Chapter, IMGA-España, hosted the I International Symposium on Medical Geology in Spain: "Medical Geology: an emerging discipline". This seminar presented the Medical Geology to the Spanish society by convening for the first time, the first Conference on Medical Geology in the city of Salamanca. This unique and timely conference was held on 19 September 2016 at the campus of the University of Salamanca. The event was organized in collaboration with the University of Salamanca (USAL) and the Spanish Geological Survey (IGME). The conference was attended by colleagues from Portugal, Chile, and other many of our own Spain colleagues nationwide. There was a space dedicated to Medical Geology in Iberia, in which members of Portuguese Chapter (Dr. Eduardo Ferreira da Silva, Chair of Portugal IMGA group, and Dr Carla Patinha, General Secretary of IMGA), and Spanish Chapter (Dr Elena Giménez- Forcada, Chair of the recently established IMGA chapter in Spain) participated. The congress was very well received by both the academic and national public communities, and had a strong social impact both locally and nationally. The conference was attended by about one hundred people and was a clear demonstration for the development of Medical Geology in Spain.
GeoMed[IA] Network. The Portuguese and Spanish chapters (IMGA chapters in Iberia), in collaboration with the local chapters from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Uruguay, have led the proposal to create a network of Medical Geology in the Iberoamerican Region (GeoMed[IA] Network). This initiative aims to promote the development of the discipline through its academic, scientific and social implementation in the Ibero-American context, which would ultimately benefit the populations involved by integrating this knowledge into their territorial policy and improving their quality of life.
The Spanish Chapter, IMGA-España, hosted the I International Symposium on Medical Geology in Spain: "Medical Geology: an emerging discipline". This seminar presented the Medical Geology to the Spanish society by convening for the first time, the first Conference on Medical Geology in the city of Salamanca. This unique and timely conference was held on 19 September 2016 at the campus of the University of Salamanca. The event was organized in collaboration with the University of Salamanca (USAL) and the Spanish Geological Survey (IGME). The conference was attended by colleagues from Portugal, Chile, and other many of our own Spain colleagues nationwide. There was a space dedicated to Medical Geology in Iberia, in which members of Portuguese Chapter (Dr. Eduardo Ferreira da Silva, Chair of Portugal IMGA group, and Dr Carla Patinha, General Secretary of IMGA), and Spanish Chapter (Dr Elena Giménez-Forcada, Chair of the recently established IMGA chapter in Spain) participated. The congress was very well received by both the academic and national public communities, and had a strong social impact both locally and nationally. The conference was attended by about one hundred people and was a clear demonstration for the development of Medical Geology in Spain.
The Portuguese Chapter hosted the extremely successful MEDGEO15 Conference 24 July-1 August, 2015 at Aveiro University, Portugal (see the conference report from Dr. Eduardo Ferreira da Silva in Medical Geology Newsletter 26).
No report this time but this IMGA Chapter is organising the MEDGEO15 Conference 26 July – 1st August 2015, Aveiro, Portugal: http://www.medgeo15.web.ua.pt
Albuquerque, T., Dias, V. H., Poellinger, N., and Pinto, J. F., 2009. Construction of a quality index for granules produced by fluid bed technology by application of the correspondence analysis as a discriminant procedure, International Symposium on Agglomeration, 9th, and International Granulation Workshop, 4th, Sheffield, England.
In pursuit of the most accurate, logical and profitable day-trading strategy in the world for OMXS30 futures.
In relation to this service, Wikiloc's role is strictly limited to provide the information accessible at any time from Wikiloc's website on a particular rural accommodation and, where appropriate, to allow the user to send a message to the accommodation owner by using the contact form. Users contact the accommodation's owner directly without Wikiloc being involved or having any control over the process. Therefore, Wikiloc assumes no responsibility regarding the accommodation or the reservation process. Further, Wikiloc cannot guarantee receipt by the accommodation owner of the message with the request for information. Wikiloc neither stores personal data provided on this form nor the content of the message sent by the user to the accommodation owner.
Dominique Moceanu was part of the U.S. Women’s gymnastic team that won the gold medal in 1996. Her recent memoir, Off Balance, talks about the cost of training as an elite athlete. The reality is that it’s not just in the Olympics that we can take winning a bit to far.
In a recent interview with Business Week, Dominique discussed how so many of the coaches yell and berate their students. She feels while the gymnasts are still having a great experience, she doesn’t often see real joy in their faces. Does any of this sound familiar? How many of us have worked with “bully” like managers that never compliment and only criticize? In high-pressured office environments, is anyone ever having any fun? Are successes celebrated or only expected?
Maybe it’s time to step back and see if you’re creating the right environment. Do you consistently do the following?
1) Recognize and reward success. Not just when someone really hits it out of the park, but anytime he or she has gone above and beyond. It might be training someone without being asked or creating a workflow system that benefits everyone. Taking the time to recognize someone unexpectedly creates loyalty.
2) Compliment not criticize. Everyone wants and deserves feedback. And sometimes people make mistakes. But even if you need to correct an error, you should always start with something they did well. If you can’t find anything they did well, you have to wonder why they still work for you. When people only hear criticism, they lose confidence and tend to underperform over time.
3) Create a fun environment. When was the last time you had a pizza party or a team-building event? All work and no play is not just a phrase. People need to take a break and do something that’s not work related. Along the same lines, make sure you encourage people to really vacate when they vacation.
I enjoy the Olympics just like everyone else, but I think Dominique’s message is a good one. Winning is critical to the success of any company, but being able to sustain that success means making sure it’s okay to lose every now an then.
In 2006, Kat began attending the Iyengar Training Program at the Institute in Los Angeles, a 3-year, 500+ hour program. In 2011, she received the Introductory II level of certification as an Iyengar teacher.
Iyengar certification requires that you work with a mentoring teacher, and for three years she had the privilege of assisting Eric Small in weekly classes in Beverly Hills. Eric is a pioneer of therapeutic applications of Iyengar Yoga for Multiple Sclerosis and other neurological issues. Currently, she studies with Isabela Fortes, and attend ongoing teacher training workshops with Carolyn Belko, Gloria Goldberg and Manouso Manos.
I am excited to share two new unique classes that I will be teaching on Tuesdays at 10am and Thursdays at 1pm!
Unlike most modern yoga studios, these classes will not be me bringing a sequence to class and you adjusting the poses for your body. Instead, it will be your personal practice, a sequence of poses unique to you, which you will do each week with my guidance and assistance. (And I hope you will do at least one or two poses at home each day!!)
This is how yoga was traditionally taught – teacher to individual student – and I am so excited to partner with Mana Kai Wellness to offer this kind of class to you.
Each student will receive their own written and illustrated series of poses to work on in class (and at home). During class I will be there to answer questions, make modifications, perform adjustments to deepen your experience of the poses, and make your practice work for your overall wellness plan.
“Yoga means “union.” Mind, body & spirit joining. In addition to the myriad health benefits derived from yoga practice, I find it very nurturing. As a yoga instructor, Kat has the unique talent and skill to quickly assess the new student’s ability. She is challenging without being demanding, as thrilled with your progress as you are. She has endless patience and is quick to laugh. I enjoy her classes immensely.”
“Kat has been my yoga instructor for 6 years. I have watched her bloom into a very confident, knowledgeable and compassionate teacher.
She has the ability to assess the limitations of our bodies and adapt the poses to work for our particular issues. She pushes us but not to the point of injury. Her classes are a pleasure to attend and there is always laughter and positive energy in the room. Our class always loves it when she returns from a conference because she is so energized and excited about showing us what she has learned. She loves to share her knowledge and does it in an easy to understand manner.
As I lay down my yoga mat and set aside all of my worries and woes, gather all my “yoga toys” (props) and I anticipate the BLISS of yoga practice. And down I sit… looking for my teacher’s cheery-bright smile as she gently nods in approval that class can begin now.”
What the Experts Are Not Saying About Marijuana Doctor near Me and What This Means For You by daliaferry - No Comment
NFI Midas S.A. Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2011 together with the Independent Auditor’s opinion
NFI Midas S.A. Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2011
Independent Auditors’ Review Report on the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended on 31 December 2011
all admin/office business customer service education engineering etcetera finance food/bev/hosp general labor government healthcare human resource legal manufacturing marketing media nonprofit real estate retail/wholesale sales salon/spa/fitness science security skilled trades software systems/networking tech support transport tv video radio web design writing general labor >
I told GOD HE was wrong !: Over 100 True stories from my Spiritual Journey and discussions with GOD.
->>>DOWNLOAD BOOK I told GOD HE was wrong !: Over 100 True stories from my Spiritual Journey and discussions with GOD.
->>>ONLINE BOOK I told GOD HE was wrong !: Over 100 True stories from my Spiritual Journey and discussions with GOD.
Stories of His blessing to the highest highs and His discipline, where He allowed me to hit rock bottom.
- GOD said to me,&#x201c;I want to show you something AMAZING&#x201d; and He parted the clouds while I stood on top of the Rocky Mountains.
I told GOD HE was wrong !: Over 100 True stories from my Spiritual Journey and discussions with GOD. book for android
Stories of God's goodness that were told to each . and story of Scripture. The Voice is a . the one True God finally reigns supreme over a .What is faith in God? . Faith is a spiritual force. Faith in God is a response to Gods Word which moves God to act. .Each and every believer has been given by the Spirit of God, gifts of the Spirit. . Dont get me wrong I am not testing God or Jesus over . have a true spiritual .As Europe is abuzz with discussions of the veil, polygamy remains a . or failings of the people whos stories are told, . he said, The God of my father .Jesus -is-Lord.com Jesus Christ is . (it may be over 100 pages long). . It has been an EXHILARATING journey! I'M ON MY WAY NOW AND, BLESS GOD, HALLELUJAH, .
Why Does God Allow Suffering . of pain and suffering is a roadblock to their spiritual journey, . human beings told God to shove off, he partially honored .Obedience to God in the Old and New Testaments relates to hearing . "True 'hearing,' or . God Rewards Obedience. Over and over again we read in the Bible that .. and the only way to develop faith is to learn to know God. Since He is trustworthy, as we learn to . over ALL flesh, that He should . true God, and Jesus .According to the Bible, by the 9th century BC, the Kingdom of Israel, once united under Solomon, was divided into the northern Kingdom of Israel and .It has been long journey but God has been faithful to heal me,my . God, He is my master my leader . Im a true believer in God, and I know he hears my .MY JOURNEY OF FAITH I was born in a . Therefore I am more than convinced that my God is a living God and he reigns from heaven above . True Stories of God at .The canonical First Vision story was not emphasized in . and used it as an example of how God evolves the church over time . The First Vision: Journey to .How God Turns Your Past Into Purpose. . I have told my story to individuals when it has . been fighting the same battles over and over but God has a plan for .home > True-Life Stories True-Life . I pleaded with God. . Christianity Today strengthens the church by richly communicating the breadth of the true, good, and .
When God's Timing Is Taking Too Long . By seeing God's faithfulness over and . take care of them and show them what He wanted them to do. The same is true in our .. "What have I done you wrong that you are handing your servant over to . However, God was very angry and told Elijah to . Elijah as a symbol of the true .Quotes About God. Quotes tagged as . God will not look you over for medals, .Ten Lies I Told as a Mormon Missionary. . My spiritual emptiness was replaced by the abundant . I told prospects that Mormonism is the true church God restored .10 Amazing Things Kids Have Said About Past Lives. . When my son was 3, he told me that he really . of Jesus was by a spiritual law of God as I read the story.
Quotations about God, . Every evening I turn my worries over to God. He's going to . The feeling remains that God is on the journey, too. Teresa of Avila God's .. which requires us to measure or test everything for it to be true if you cannot see God, He . wrong. God said it's wrong . Sneaky Lies the Enemy Wants .Why do good people do bad things? . Blessed by God, he valiantly defeated some of the . and took his journey into a far country. There, he wasted his .4 Ways To Practice Safe Dating With Gods Guidance; How God Orchestrates True . Success Stories. . share their discoveries and triumphs on their journey of .Ex-Jehovahs Witness Testimonies. . with over 100 men, Kevin cried out to God for . spiritual journey is far from complete, he is happy to .Inspirational Stories About Gods Caring; Inspirational Stories About Helping Others; True happiness and true love comes only from giving. . Spiritual Stories.The Insanity of God: A True Story of . I thought I was prepared for what I was about to encounter in The Insanity of God. I was wrong. . The stories were told . 48a4f088c3
The Russell Boating Club has advised that the Tall Ships Regatta will take place on 6th January 2018 in the Bay of Islands, New Zealand.
Last year we had 7 junks take part in the regatta. We created a colourful spectacle and performed extremely well. In addition there were 2 other vessels with junk sails or members on board. This year we could well have 2 or 3 more junks at the junket, which normally spans from a few days before the regatta to a few days after.
I am presently at Opua Marina having arrived over a week ago from Tonga originally UK. I will stay in area so I can participate. Solo mostly from UK so lots space for crew who want the day out out and a place to stay nights.
Really pleased that you can take part in the junket and thank you for your offer to take people for a sail or put them up. It is a big event for NZ junkies and you are bound to enjoy meeting them all. Did you see Oryx in Tonga? She is coming into Opua shortly so please give her a wave and have a chat.
Congratulations Chris. Since we met in La Coruña, we've wondered how your voyage was going and occasionally looked at your position by inReach. A noteworthy achievement; can we look forward to reading about it in the Magazine?
Fraid knot Annie. We're in Chesapeake Bay, about to head S by way of the ICW. We'd love to come, but it's doubtful our finances will stretch across the Pacific. Sad.
Where are you lurking? Oryx didn't see you in Opua. Have you caught up with Zebedee? He was apparently out and about recently. Looking forward to meeting you at Tall Ships if not before.
I think that Zebedee, Oryx, Arcadian, Tystie, Blondie, Freebie, Shoestring, Francis H and Little Gypsy Girl are all 'signed up'. If you join in with JB and Fantail manages to get there we'll have almost the dozen junks that I would love to see there. The smaller boats are talking about trying to persuade the Committee to create a Small Ships class!
Annie I saw Oryx anchored off Paihia and looked for dinghy so I could leave a note but none. I presently on hard at Opua for the last week but back in water tomorrow then have a mooring for a month by the ferry landing at Opua but will be on anchor around bay often between now and the event. I once sea-mobile will stop make myself known to every junk I see!
I now sport a black hull. Easy to recognise. I keep getting asked why I painted the hull no colour. My reply is to ask what colour sails they have!
Looking forward to meeting with everyone. Very exciting! I have two crew for the 'race' day but can fit a couple more and do have two berths available if needed as just me overnight. I also inconveniently have a van with lots seats that is available for junkie use at Paihia that may prove convenient!
That must have been when Rob, Maren and I went up to welcome them home, Chris. She is down in Stillwater now, so Linda can get Francis H back into action.
It's funny that you should have a black hull. I painted Fantail black (and thought she looked quite wonderful), Tystie is black and so is Zebedee. Somebody, after seeing us all, asked me if junks were always black!! Kiwis do struggle with black hulls, for some reason. BTW, am I right in thinking that your boat's name is JB? The Oracle will love that.
You want to be careful offering use of a people carrier! We may all decide on a day out. I hope some junks head your way, soon and you can start meeting some of us. Can't believe you haven't yet crossed tacks with Zebedee, he must have got caught up ashore.
Name on hull was and will be J&B when i get my new lettering - not the oracle but the inbiders will love that! SAR regulations say no "&" as rather difficult to spell over a radio. Offically documentation was invalidated in UK and reissued as plain Julliet Bravo.
E book an affordable flight and lodge room together, or add a car rental to save much more with vacation packages. With the usage of a few keywords, you can find plenty of deals that are offered by totally different sites, and in some circumstances, the more tickets you purchase, the more you’ll save. Nonetheless, in case you are retired from navy service then you’re nonetheless eligible for the tickets. Nonetheless, for affordable airfare, it’s best that the airline tickets are bought effectively upfront. Touring within the low season may enable you to get cheaper international flights tickets. Thus, you have to be vigilant enough and know which airlines are providing deals and when are the offers out there. What’s nice about these discounted tickets is that service members, members of the family, and buddies can use them.
If you’re reserving tickets for a bunch of more than 9 passengers, or might require any particular assistance throughout your flight, we request you to call up our customer support centre at +ninety one 928 922 8888 or +ninety one one hundred twenty 669 9901 for detailed information.
Check low-cost carriers that cost you less money before you e book your tickets. Well known for its mix of way of life and prosperity, New York has a steady variety of guests all through the peak seasons and off-peak seasons primarily on account of its dealing businesses at Wall Road. We are providing low-cost airlines, low-cost airfares, low-cost airline flight tickets for his or her journey lover. Sometimes it is attainable to get tickets at these low-price airlines at a very enticing value. One ultimate method that you could find low-cost Disneyland tickets is to search for promotional deals on-line. Probably the most secret tip relating to reserving flight tickets is to at all times e book earlier than 21 days of departure. Flights with a number of stopovers offer tickets at decrease costs than the direct flights. Mid week costs for airline tickets is a minimum of 20 p.c lower than these on every other day.
These tickets are not costly as compared to the tickets obtainable on the numerous travel portals. For filth low-cost airline tickets, you could want to think about shopping for tickets immediately from airways itself. Thus, if you are planning to purchase worldwide cheap flights tickets , just remember to select low cost flights with multiple stopovers. You can save wherever from 10{c12ec5d0b7a4d747bad35f9c4674850bf4d5fd2deec50fe6ca63c7f192dc32e5} to 50{c12ec5d0b7a4d747bad35f9c4674850bf4d5fd2deec50fe6ca63c7f192dc32e5} by following the hyperlinks on the site to purchase tickets as an alternative of at Disneyland’s ticket booth.
In your airplane ticket, we recommend that you simply contact Journey Voyages with whom Parenthese has established a partnership and negotiated competitive costs and conditions, tailored to our programs. Will probably be good if there’s journey insurance to cover misplaced airplane tickets, however it’s unlikely. Our airplane tickets should not have blackout dates however, as with all tickets, the most costly occasions to journey are round major holidays and in the summertime. But behavior on an airplane is so unpredictable (and that goes for kids AND adults). Cheap final minute airplane tickets you may publish new topics on this forum you’ll be able to reply to subjects in this discussion board. Paper ticket are very useful when touring internationally as some nations require the proof of return journey, and a paper ticket contains such information.
From the agent’s perspective, there may be way more than simply finding you a seat, an agent have to find a seat in the identical service class as per the original ticket. A really useful suggestions for lengthy hours on now I choose quick trip on airplane for vacation snug for my child in addition to father or mother however wanting ahead to lengthy hours trip. Word, at all times make it possible for the agent takes the proper journey coupon from your ticket. Ideally, it is best to have a photocopy of your airline ticket or the ticket quantity. Then, you will be required to sign a letter of indemnity in case the misplaced airline ticket is used or refunded. On the day of your flight, go to the airport to attempt to get a substitute ticket.
In some instances you might be asked to pay for such procedures until this is an agent’s mistake; a journey agency or an airline could waive the charges related to exchange or refund. In the case of planning, the carry-on is perhaps probably the most essential element of successful airplane journey with youngsters. In case you are awarded a refund, will probably be for the higher fare, minus the processing charge for the refund of the misplaced ticket. A new search engine offering details on airplanes resources low cost flights to tehr ran airfare airplane tickets search engines for cheap airplane tickets in german and. Flight reservation is made as normal, but an agent issues an digital equivalent of the standard paper ticket.
If you do not have a photocopy of the airline ticket or no document of the ticket number, present details of your flight. Information on the ing sky eats airplane event at tba in calgary find low cost sky eats airplane tickets monitor sky eats airplane tour dates and set email reminders earlier than the. So in case of the reservation system malfunction, there may be complications if a passenger needs to vary an digital ticket.
What you get should you surrender your seat; money (do not confuse with airline dollars, it isn’t the same), resort voucher in case of overnight, meals, miles, etc. You may change a ticket yourself by calling an airline instantly or ask an agent who issued a ticket enable you on that.
Tutti i comuniAnnone VenetoCampagna LupiaCampolongo MaggioreCamponogaraCaorleCavallino-TreportiCavarzereCeggiaChioggiaCinto CaomaggioreConaConcordia SagittariaDoloEracleaFiesso d'ArticoFossalta di PiaveFossalta di PortogruaroFossòGruaroJesoloMarconMartellagoMeoloMiraMiranoMusile di PiaveNoaleNoventa di PiavePianigaPortogruaroPramaggioreQuarto d'AltinoSalzanoSan Donà di PiaveSan Michele al TagliamentoSanta Maria di SalaSanto Stino di LivenzaScorzèSpineaStraTeglio VenetoTorre di MostoVeneziaVigonovo
King Arthur's kingdom and the knights of the Round Table are in the doldrums since the Dark Knight stole the Singing Sword and put it under the protection of a fire-breathing dragon. The king's jester, Bugs Bunny, says only a fool would try to steal it back, so the king orders him to try. The jester boldly enters the Dark Knight's castle, initially catching his adversaries napping, but when the Singing Sword wakes the knight and the dragon, can Bugs complete his mission? He's a clever fool. A moat, portcullis, and catapult all figure in the face off.
All of Our rates for moving solutions are contractually ensured beforehand. We aid move apartments, houses and workplaces around Washington, DC
Free Washington apartment or condo moving quoteApartment Movers Washington specialists can aid relocate you at prices affordable with moving vehicle rental firms. Unlike relocating truck rental companies, our Washington Apartment Movers will certainly carry, pad, lots and dump all your furnishings for you.
Apartmentmovers.com is a discount rate Washington moving source. Unlike others in the moving sector, we price our actions by the item as opposed to by the hour. This allows us to ensure an exact cost for your conform the phone as well as it gives you rate flexibility.
The move into your brand-new house will certainly be the most set you back effective remedy that you will locate if you put In as well as Out Moving to work for you. We have actually completed many apartment steps over the years in the Catonsville MD area as well as no one understands the location like we do. We are experienced with every type Apartment Movers Catonsville MD of home move that Catonsville MD needs to offer.
On some events an apartment step can be hard, relying on the design of your brand-new location. In and also Out Moving has all the experience that you need to make your step go easily and also efficiently. Absolutely nothing defeats experience, specifically in our business. We can notify you of exactly what to expect and also things that you may have to do. Not just to plan for your step, however to perform it without a drawback at your new place.
On moving day an experienced In and also Out Moving group will carefully evacuate all of your precious items so they can be provided securely. All furnishings will be wrapped in our top quality blankets for the highest security and any kind of glass or mirrors will certainly be safeguarded properly and also movers delivered to your new place in a protected cage.
Relocating to or from an apartment or condo could be made complex, however we're right check here here to earn it simple. Get remarkable solution at prices that you could pay for.
Save some added heremore info cash money with our Economy apartment moving solution. On relocating day, give our driver a hand and also assistance load your items into the vehicle. See our vehicle head off in the instructions of your destination.
Need home moving companies quickly? Ask regarding our Economy Select as well as Economy Plus packages.
Appreciate our cost-efficient Economy moving choice and still obtain a dedicated group in order to help you through the complicated relocating process.
Unlike others in the moving market, we price our moves by the thing instead of by the hour. If you place In as well as Out Moving to function for you, the step into your brand-new apartment or condo will be the most set you back reliable option that you will certainly discover. We have finished numerous apartment moves over the years in the Catonsville MD area and also no one knows the location like we do. We are experienced with every type Apartment Movers Catonsville MD of apartment step that Catonsville MD has to provide.
In and also Out Moving has all the experience that you require to make your move go conveniently and efficiently.
A Post-doctoral Research Fellow at the Universorty if Gothenburg, currently conducting research in the Middle East and Sub-Saharan Africa.
RT @GLD_Gothenburg: New Funding! GLDs Kristen Kao and Ellen Lust received SEK18m for their collaborative project "Refugee Migration and Ci…
Dictionary atheist. The personal isn't the political. #NetBSD #c64 Recovering AKB48 addict. DM's are open.
The use of geomaterials in pharmacy, both in the preparation of medicines in cosmetics and body care, has evolved greatly in recent years.
Flyball is a relay race – there are two teams, each with four dogs, that have to go over a series of four jumps, hit a box & catch a triggered ball, and return over the same series of jumps before the next dog goes. The goal of this game is to have your team run clean and faster than the team you are racing against.
Lower Usuthu Smallholder Irrigation Project (Lusip) which involved the construction of Mhlathuze, Golome Saddle Dams, offtake and spillway for Swaziland Water and Agricultural Development Enterprises (Swade)
It’s quick and easy to create an account. Reserve your shopping ahead of time, and have it ready and waiting for you to collect in store. Create wishlists of your favourite products, and track your previous orders.
Be the first to learn about new products from your favourite brands, exclusive competitions and extra savings.
WorldDutyFree.com uses cookies to enhance your experience when visiting our website. To find out more about cookies and how to manage them click here or take a look at our Privacy Policy which details cookies used on this site.
Choose From 1000's of extra products not usually available in store when you order at least XX days in advance.
Note: Search is limited to websites whose doctrines and approach to ministry are generally approved by Living Hope church staff.
Recycling/Downcycling/Reuse of remnants/Upcycling/Re-thinking manufacture."Something new from something old" Retro, vintages textiles and one of a kind materials, reinterpreted into ready to wear. Produced Domestically in Spain. Limited Editions. Made to order.
declaring that "most renters coverage cover lockouts". I had been doubtful, but in my hour of will need, i naively went together. Guess what, I termed State Farm this early morning, and knowledgeable me that just what the tech explained to me was only not legitimate
This company will not be BBB accredited. Corporations are less than no obligation to hunt BBB accreditation, plus some firms are usually not accredited since they have not sought BBB accreditation. For being accredited by BBB, a company should make an application for accreditation and BBB have to decide the small business meets BBB accreditation standards, which consist of a determination to generate a very good religion work to resolve any shopper issues.
At A-A Lock, our professional professionals stand a Reduce previously mentioned the Competitors, and are normally wanting to go the extra mile to be able to provde the high quality services you would like, without having hold off.
In a means, It really is shame on me and anybody who was rushed plenty of to receive fooled by this bull****. Simultaneously, companies that prey on men and women in vulnerable mindsets, maybe inside a disaster, and take advantage of that thru intimidation are reprehensible, Otherwise illegal. They should be stopped, and let's make certain this a single does.
We try to offer reliable and effective provider and integrity and professionalism for anyone ruled and affected with the industries we control so that you can boost a safer, safer Tennessee.
We insist on giving you with truthful and Specialist assistance at quite possibly the most aggressive fees. We will beat any written estimate – that’s a promise!
Our normal contractors are prime of the field, up-to-date with recent sector developments and only use brand name-name products and solutions, from an in-stock array of the ideal manufactures. Whether it is a simple vital or maybe a large protection technique – we will discover the best solution, at an affordable cost.
Create down the names of several enterprises, their cell phone numbers, and addresses for foreseeable future reference, in case you don’t need to choose the 1st locksmith you get in touch with.
BBB asks click here advertisers to verify their statements, alter ads to generate provides extra obvious to consumers, and remove deceptive or deceptive statements. X What government actions does BBB report on?
When I informed the operator which i wasn't keen on everyone coming out if she could not give me a tough estimate she sent someone out anyhow! I mistook this human being for any tech from Yet another website business I'd termed and Permit the tech in.
In scenarios where you have more time, look into locksmiths with the condition Attorney Typical, community shopper safety company, and the higher Business Bureau get more info to make sure there aren't any unresolved problems on file.
Remaining my keys at home in my locked condominium about per month back. Discovered Once i acquired to work. I called SBS with no exploring (poor me), it absolutely was one of many very first that showed up on google. I named and requested to help make an appointment at 6:00pm when I got household.
In order to avoid hiring a connect with Middle locksmith, investigate the business enterprise in advance. Look into the company's area. If you speak to someone about the mobile phone, inquire these inquiries:
When your to start with search engine results are not profitable broaden, click on the “reset” button and broaden your quest parameters after which you can begin a new lookup;
Home News Contact Classmates In Memory of Class Museum Looking Back Look at us Now We got together 1962 in Review
Master Bedroom With Dresser. Here are a number of highest rated Master Bedroom With Dresser pictures upon internet. We identified it from trustworthy source. Its submitted by processing in the best field. We take this kind of Master Bedroom With Dresser graphic could possibly be the most trending subject in the same way as we allocation it in google lead or facebook.
We try to introduced in this posting back this may be one of astonishing insinuation for any Master Bedroom With Dresser options. Dont you come here to know some extra unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We essentially wish you can easily endure it as one of your hint and many thanks for your get older for surfing our webpage. entertain allocation this image for your beloved friends, families, activity via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any new bookmarking sites.
After the death of EWTN founder Mother Angelica, the newsman has become the network’s most recognized face. Last week, Arroyo came to Idaho and helped raise funds for Salt & Light Radio, the voice of Roman Catholicism in the state.
Before dinner in Twin Falls, I had a few minutes to chat with the man. You can hear our conversation below:
Looking for a youth space, a mentor or a before/after school programme? You can start connecting here
BBBS is a mentoring programme for children and young people aged 7 to 17 years who need and want a mentor in their life. BBBS mentors are volunteers who are trained and professionally supported.
We run a Preschool morning on Wednesdays 9.30–11.30am during school terms which combines Play Group and Music.
The Youth Space was designed for young people, by young people. It’s a positive place for people aged 13-19 to learn new things and meet other people. Youth Space is a free place created especially for youth in Palmy city.
If you're 13-19 and looking for free wi-fi, exhibitions, guitar, youth library, workshops, Xbox, study space, games, PS3, laptops, pianos, a place to catch up, or just a glass of water, come and check it out.
Te Takeretanga o Kura-hau-pō's Youth Space is an all inclusive versatile space located in the centre of Levin. Buzzing with Horowhenua's youth, the Youth Space operates as both a hangout, as well as a venue for functions and promotions.
The Youth Space core values are to celebrate the young people while giving them a safe, family friendly destination. Our programmes aim to give youth real life skills to help them gain employment and be successful in their studies all while having fun. With the knowledgeable staff including employed student workers from the local colleges, Te Takeretanga o Kura-hau-pō. The Youth Space thrives to inspire and educate all in a safe and supportive environment.
I must admit that continuously covering the war in the MidEast has hardened my heart. A lot. There isn't much that surprises or shocks me anymore when it comes to terrorism. It's sad but true. This afternoon, I found a pictorial recap or the intifada that has tragically taken so many lives. It brought tears to my eyes. If you feel a need to remind yourself why we should be furious about every innocent life lost in Israel, then make sure you head to Project One Soul. You won't forget it.
Imagine if a few US senators of members of Congress secretly negotiated an agreement with Osama Bin Laden without the knowledge of other elected officials. Imagine also that the President then signed an agreement with Bin Laden to supply him 30,000 guns, which Bin Laden promptly turned against US citizens and started massacring them by the thousands. Would these senators now be in prison for treason? You bet. Well, as Arutz Sheva points out, this is exactly what Shimon Peres and his advisors did before the Oslo accords were signed. He negotiated a deal with Arafat in secret and illegally as Israeli law forbids negotiating with any organization which has been declared a terrorist organization. Then, he brought the deal to Rabin for signature. And he convinced the world that Palestinians were trustworthy enough to be given massive amounts of weapons. Arafat and his savage allies then turned the weapons onto Israeli citizens, not army, and began their systematic slaughter of Jews.
Why then, isn't Peres in jail for treason? Why is his second in command Elie-Ezer the Israeli Minister of Defense, when the Labour party is the one which negotiated this Oslo capitulation which resulted in the situation today? Why does Sharon continue to allow his hands to be tied by Labour when it most likely would be wiped out in a national election? When will Sharon finally take the measures needed to rid Israel of the constant threats as he should as the leader of the country? Will he follow Peres' advice and allow the creation of a Palestinian State right besides Israel when that state's avowed goal is the destruction of Israel and the extermination of all its Jewish citizens? Should that be also considered treason?
Toby Klein Greenwald provides an in-depth analysis of the ingrained, systemic anti-Israel slant of the AOL TIme-Warner group, including its flagship CNN. It is a devastating exercise of connecting the dots where he shows the implications of having anti-Israel people very skillfully placed at all levels of the conglomerate, from the likes of Ted Turner all the way down to Sheila MacVicar. It simply is disgusting.
Meanwhile, don't bother with the Sheila Macvicar's or Rula Amin's, eager accomplices though they are. They are only the final links in a very well-healed and ugly chain of anti-Israel bias. Shouting about Macvicar is like admonishing the woman who refilled the toilet paper in the Goebbels' commode, while he was busy with his sergeants, master planning the lies that justified the evil of the Third Reich.
So I get it now. After 20 months of crimes, 500 Israelis killed and over 5000 injured, Arafat is now ready to accept the plan that Clinton offered before Arafat organized and unleashed the intifada. The whole thing was a negotiating technique to soften up the Israelis.
The murderous buffoon Arafat has declared that he is now ready to accept a plan presented 20 months ago by Clinton. Imagine how the families of all the innocent Israelis who were killed since feel. The death of so many innocents at the hand of Arafat, which accomplished absolutely nothing other than force Arafat to consider a deal the HE turned down before, shows how criminally incompetent this guy is. I hope that the Palestinian people take care of him now that they have seen many of their people killed for nothing and so much of their economy destroyed. I would hope that someone among Palestinians, finally realizes that Arafat, not Israel, is the Palestinians' worst enemy and that he, and he alone, is what stands between death, destruction and a relatively normal existence. They should exile him or worse. And the sooner, the better for the entire world.
NABLUS, West Bank (Reuters) - Armed Jewish settlers raided a Palestinian town in the West Bank on Friday, killing one man and setting a house and cars ablaze, Palestinian witnesses said.
The attack in Howara, near the Palestinian-ruled city of Nablus, took place just hours after a Palestinian gunman killed five Israelis -- including three children and their mother -- in an assault on a nearby Jewish settlement.
Witnesses said 10 carloads of settlers, some armed with M-16 assault rifles, entered the Burin section of Howara, which is under Israeli security control and Palestinian civil rule.
"They opened fire, shooting at and burning part of my house and a car," Idris Audi, the father of the dead man, told Reuters by telephone. He said his 22-year-old son was killed by the settlers' gunfire.
I wonder how much sympathy the settlers will get for this one.....I hope these poor settlers get half the symapthy that the Palestinian terrorists are getting.
Palestinians say: They (suicide bombing victims) had it coming. They're on our land. Dare I say that this 22-year old had it coming.....his people killed a mother and three children last night.
Asparagirl (one of our favorite blogger colleague) bares her soul in this post and let's everyone know how depressed she is over the Middle East situation, which appears to have no end in sight. For some reason, according to Scott Ganz, many many people came down really hard on her for showing such negative feelings.
Are those people this thick that they wouldn't get it? Over 500 people have been assassinated in Israel in 20 months, 5000 have been injured, some maimed for life with hundreds of nails lodged in their skull, spine, liver, heart, children as young as a few months have been actually targetted for assassination (not just colateral casualties but actual targets). And after all this, the world, embodied by the UN, the EU and the likes of Cherie-I-read-the-Guardian-so-I-must-be-a-complete-idiot Blair still condems Israel for having the gall of defending itself. If the people who criticize her don't see a bit of a connection there, then there is no hope in this world!
Who knew that crack was so readily available in Gaza? What’s that you say? This mother was not on drugs? She actually believes this insanity? Scary.
Here are clips of an interview with the mother of one of the most recent genocide bombers in Israel. Insanity like this stems from a place much deeper than pretend “occupation” and made up “desperation”. This stuff is the direct result of cult-like brainwashing.
"[The decision to make my son into a martyr was] an easy thing. There is no disagreement [among scholars] on such matters. The happiness in this world is an incomplete happiness; eternal happiness is life in the world to come, through martyrdom. Allah be praised, my son has attained this happiness."
…"The atmosphere to which Muhammad was exposed [as a child] was full of faith and love of martyrdom. I maintain that a man's faith does not reach perfection unless it attains self-sacrifice…"
…"He tried several times. He would go out to the Al-Muntar road, taking his gun and bombs, but an opportunity did not present itself. He would return with his blood boiling because he hadn't managed to carry out an operation. He would brandish his weapon and tell me: 'Mom, this is my bride.' He loved his gun so much."
…"I prayed from the depths of my heart that Allah would cause the success of his operation. I asked Allah to give me 10 [Israelis] for Muhammad, and Allah granted my request and Muhammad made his dream come true, killing 10 Israeli settlers and soldiers. Our God honored him even more, in that there were many Israelis wounded."
"When the operation was over, the media broadcast the news. Then Muhammad's brother came to me and informed me of his martyrdom. I began to cry, 'Allah is the greatest,' and prayed and thanked Allah for the success of the operation. I began to utter cries of joy and we declared that we were happy. The young people began to fire into the air out of joy over the success of the operation, as this is what we had hoped for him."
"After the martyrdom [operation], my heart was peaceful about Muhammad. I encouraged all my sons to die a martyr's death, and I wish this even for myself.
Naomi Ragen on why it appears the terrorists are winning. She only makes one mistake: Israelis can be pushed only so far. At some point, they will retaliate and the Palestinians and their supporters will pay. Big time.
Today, with the death of 19 Israelis, and over 50 hospitalized; with body parts strewn over the pavement of Jerusalem --the city all people agree is holy-- I realized why Israel’s enemies are winning.
We Israelis are simply too conflicted. We wake up in the morning, and we have to deal with our health system, with unemployment, with caring for our elderly and crippled and deaf. We have to find funding for abused children, and deal with our educational system. We have to worry about our economy, and try to encourage tourism. We worry about appearing well on CNN and BBC, and we worry, sincerely, about hurting innocent people, or even saying untrue or unkind things about the Muslims that live within our borders.
But our enemies have no such conflicts. They don’t think about how to feed their people, or get them jobs. They couldn’t care less about educating their children to live productive lives, or finding shelters for their abused women (since 99% are abused, there is no point). No, all the our enemies do all day, every day, is figure out how to kill. They work on better bombs. On convincing the gullible to carry them. On transferring funds from Iran and Europe to buy the materials, and securing fax numbers to disseminate the latest baby-killing plan to their numerous cells in Gaza and the West Bank. They don’t worry about bad press. Why should they? They can and have done anything, crossed every red line, broken every rule of civilized behavior without consequence: they’ve used Red Cross ambulances to ferry suicide bombers and grenades, blown up babies in their carriages, have snipers target the foreheads of 10 month olds in their mother’s arms, blown up schoolbuses, pizza parlors, hotels full of elderly survivors about to celebrate Passover…. Why should they worry? They have their PR plan in place: Saeb Erekat will simply repeat that they are not responsible. They don’t have the weapons, the manpower, the you-name it, and CNN and SKY and the BBC will broadcast it like it's news, instead of outdated propaganda. They will broadcast it without questioning a word, as if the PLO didn’t use the arms Israel gave them for terrorist attacks, as if they were never aware of the Karin A, as if they never saw the documents with Arafat’s signature authorizing suicide bomber payments.
So, with no concern for their people’s health care, or education or their economy; with no conscience, no morals, no pressure from a so-called civilized world or an inquiring and independent press, they have the luxury of single-mindedness. All day, every day they are Murder, Inc. supported by the world press, financed by the Saudis and Iranians and Iraqis, who also have nothing better to do with their time. And each day we see the results. More dead. More nails per lung and heart and skull. More success breeds more money. After all, that’s the business they are in. A bloodless day, is a day they don’t get paid by their devout Muslim employers. And so, up the corporate ladder they go: thinking up better ways to kill, more effective bombs, more outrageous targets. And doing it full-time.
We Israelis don’t have the luxury of ignoring our people’s needs. But unless we get rid of some of our complexes, and begin fighting back full-time, we simply can’t win.
Ted Turner gets nailed. Apparently the man only opens his big mouth long enough to take one foot out and put the other one in. An now, we know he equates Israeli self-defense to Palestinian mass murder. This is right after he called the terrorists of 9/11 as "brave". Ted, you are a moron.
By the way, the Saudi Prince who funds the Arab Radio and Television Network (on which they broadcast the interview of the 3-year old girl who hates Jews, as reported in a previous post), is none other than Prince Alaweed, a major stockholder in Time-Warner, parent
Four Jewish settlers are dead and more from the same family are being held hostage inside their home after terrorists from the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine burst into their home and began shooting. A four year-old is among the dead.
Hahahahahahahah......................Do these freaking idiots really think that anyone is going to believe this charade? I think it is time we start giving Saddam money to "feed the poor children of Iraq", or maybe also give China money "for the families of the Tianamen massacre" or maybe give Ayatollah Whateverhislatestnameis in Iran money to pay for landscaping one of his villas. Of course, these people are honorable and none of this money will ever be misused for violence or anything like this...nosiree Bob! Idiots, bloody idiots.
Makes you wonder if, once more, the Palestinians have gone beyond what the Israeli government considers "tolerable" in terms of the level of violence. It seems that Israel strikes back on a large scale only after a series of bombings raises the casualties to a number high enough that the government must do something. Let's hope Sharon has the fortitude to do in Gaza what he did in the West Bank. Let's hope also he gives Yasser a one-way ticket to Lybia.
Bush was about to announce his support for a "provisional" Palestinian rogue state when another mass murderer struck.
Giving in to terrorism will surely show Arafat that violence works, and that by turning up the violence even more, he may get all of his wishes. Good work Colin. Let's see if you change your mind next time terrorists kill Americans by the thousands.
Yes, clearly, the winds are shifting in Washington, and unfortunately it seems that the clueless Colin Powell is winning the battle. Let's review what happened over the last 2 years. After Arafat convinced the world to arm over 30,000 men as "security officers" (which is about 1 for every 100 persons among Palestinians), he turned down a "land AND peace" deal in Camp David and then unleashed armies of terrorists against Israeli citizens, killing over 500 Israelis, the equivalent of about 20 deaths per month, which per capita in Israel is the same as one 9/11 every 7 weeks. There is ample evidence, seized at Orient House and in Ramallah that Arafat organized and funded most of this violence. What is Powell's solution to this? Give them their own state. That will for sure stop the violence. Can anyone explain this idiotic logic of rewarding terror? Why not give Al Qu'aida part of Manhattan? After all, that will for sure stop any further attack! Let's look at this a bit closer. With Israel's heavy presence in the territories, they can only stop about 90% of the terrorists who want to strike at Israel. Imagine the same situation with Palestine as an independent state. Will the Israelis be able to pursue the terrorists if they take refuge in Palestine, another country now? Will the Israelis be able to stop Arafat from asking his buddy Saddam to give him some of his weapons of mass destruction (remember that Arafat supported Saddam during the Gulf War)? Will the Israelis be able to control the type and quantities of weapons that Iraq, Syria, Iran will supply this new state which will be at the "forefront" of the fight against the "Zionists"? The answer to all these questions is obviously NO. And for this reason, until the Palestinians demonstrate that their aspiration is peace, not the extermination of Jews, they should NEVER be given a state.
She effectively blamed the mass murders of Israelis by Palestinians on...Israel of course! She follows in the footsteps of the many anti-semites and anti-Israelis who litter the British landscape. I think she has spent too much time with Queen Rania (see picture in the linked document) and watching the BBBC, the Biased British Broadcasting Corporation.
I really wonder how she would feel if one of her children was killed by a terrorist in Northern Ireland and if people told her that the children of Northern Ireland have no hope, no prospect for a better life, and that really it was Britain's occupation of Ireland which justified these actions. Hum...do you think this nitwit would change her tune? What makes her qualified to make these statements? The fact that she sleeps with another closet pro-Arab Liberal? Please Cherie, spare us and stop insulting our intelligence!
Another day, another massacre. What will Israel do now? At least we know that the US is being really really firm...they have postponed Bush's speech. Boy, that'll show the Palestinians. And that means a lot to the families of the victims, for sure. Goofballs!
Let's hope that Sharon lives up to his commitment and starts taking over more and more Palestinian territory with every homicide bombing. I think that Israel should actually empty these areas as well. And every time there is another attack, Israel should tighten the noose around the territories. Eventually, either the attacks will stop or the territories will be empty. Either way, the goal of ending the bombings is achieved. And where do the Israelis send the deported Palestinians? To Jordan, where 80% of the population is Palestinian. They will blend right in. And should these new "guests" make trouble for the new King, hopefully he will use the same "brotherly" method as the one demonstrated by his illustrious father, King Hussein on September 1970 (for those whose memory is too short, this is also referred to as "Black" September).
There has been another suicide bombing in Jerusalem only minutes ago. No details have been given and no death toll has been given either.
You might all be interested to see the kinds of editorials that can be found on the Radio Islam website.
Israeli police secure an open market in Jerusalem June 19, 2002. The United States, responding to Israel's decision to reoccupy Palestinian-ruled areas in the West Bank in response to any new Palestinian attacks, said that Israel has a right to defend itself. Israel's move came a day after a Palestinian suicide bomber blew up a bus, killing 19 people. Photo by Goran Tomasevic/Reuters
Just thought I'd let everyone know the answer to yesterday's little quiz. The comments made by the "influencial" person in yesterday's "Who Said That?" section, were made by Sen. Hillary Clinton. I know, I'm as surprised as you are.
This blogger performed the most thought-provoking experiment about the MidEast crisis that I've seen in a long time. After hearing about the 19 deaths from the suicide bombing this morning, he randomly ripped out 19 pictures from his high school yearbook and then commented on memories he had of each person. He tried to imagine what it would be like to suddenly lose those 19 lives. The most interesting part? He ripped out his own picture! This is NOT to be missed.
I'll post some very strong comments that were recently made by a very influencial person. You guys try and guess who said it. The answer will be given tomorrow. Guesses can be recorded in the comments section. Good luck!...and Dad, I expect a slight shift in opinion about this person after you find out who it is!
"Those who protect, and give safe harbor to terrorism must be held responsible. Yasser Arafat bears the responsibility for the violence that has occurred, it rests on his shoulders, even today he could do more to end the terrorism."
"(The Sbarro pizzeria where 15 people were killed in a suicide bombing last August) is open here and ready for business and the people of Jerusalem and Israel are going about their daily lives despite the threat of terrorism. It is a great lesson to New York and America."
"If before September 11 I had a sense of commitment to Israel's future and security, that commitment became ever more personal and profound after the 11th of September."
"The facts are that Arafat stands responsible and should be held accountable for the terrorism taking place under his watch."
"(Arafat is) unwilling and unable to be a peace partner. We do not have a partner on the other side for that type of long-term negotiated settlement."
"The responsibility for the violence since the collapse of the Camp David discussions rests squarely on (Arafat's) shoulders."
" (Arafat) has failed as a leader and his inability or unwillingness to rein in forces of violence and terrorism demonstrates he is not ready or willing to be a leader."
"It is imperative that Yasser Arafat recognize that his willingness not only to tolerate but to use violence cannot succeed."
Due to the graphic nature of the photos I found, I am simply linking to the photos as opposed to posting them on the site. Nothing too extreme, but I thought I should stay on the side of caution.
Step One: A Palestinian man is suspected by local Arab terrorists of working for Israel. No trial, no defense, no democratic due process.......the man's body is simply riddled with bullets! Palestinian children are reminded in no uncertain terms of what happens to those who work for peace with the Jews.
Step Two: The body is dragged through the streets of Bethlehem by a pickup truck (probably one stolen from Israel).
Step Three: The body is hung up by the ankles for public display near the Palestinian Ministry of Tourism and then degutted... all of this directly across from the entrance of the Church of the Nativity, the birthplace of Jesus!
In a shocking display of cynicism, 96% of respondents in a Weekly Standard poll, said that they believed Palestinian terror would continue after the creation of a Palestinian state.
I would suggest to Arafat to pack his suitcase. My guess is that the latest mass murder by Palestinians will push Israel's security cabinet to finally order the permanent expulsion of Arafat from the Territories.
Of course, Arafat and his accomplices "do not condone" the killing of civilians (note, it doesn't say condemn). But let's get real here. What has Arafat done in the last few months to control terrorism? All the evidence lifted from Orient House and from his compound point to him actually financing terrorists. Even if this is not true, has he arrested, tried and imprisoned terrorists? Nope. Has he put together a security team or ask for help to create a force to destroy Hamas and Hezbollah, who constantly undermine any prospect for peace? Nope. Has he made a speech where he condemns these organizations and ask his people to stop supporting them? Nope. Has he asked Palestinian families to stop teaching them about martyrdom and to stop encouraging their children to become mass murderers? Nope again. So, I think it is time for him to go. It is time for him to be placed on the garbage heap of humanity alongside Hitler, Stalin, Idi Amin and Saddam. Good riddance.
...to whoever gave us our 14,000 hit. It's nice to know someone is reading! And thank you to Pejman, whose link surely pushed us over the edge. Thanks!
What great timing eh? Yesterday, the PA released the most "bending" offer they've made in quite some time. Before the Israelis could react to it, Yasshole releases another homocide bomber into the streets, kills at least 19 people and claims innocence. Of course now, when the Israelis attack Arafat, he'll cry bloody murder and whine about how the Israelis are attacking him after he made such a wonderful peace offering. You know what Yasser? Take your olive branch and shove it! Alright boys, it's time to take him out! Get 'em!
"If we wait for threats to materialize, we will have waited too long," he said without mentioning any country by name. "The war on terror will not be won on the defensive -- we must take the battle to the enemy."
I think this pretty much give Sharon a green light to take the offensive and do whatever is necessary to destroy anyone, anywhere who threatens Israel with terrorist acts. I am not sure how GWB can equivocate after making this statement. But rest assured that Powell and his pro-Palestinian State Dept. buddies will manage to muddle this issue once more.
I hope no one is suggesting that Arafat is against the fence that Israel is building because it makes his planning of homicides and mass murders much more difficult.
Isn't this the most outrageous thing you've ever seen? After organizing, planning, encouraging, funding, applauding and rewarding suicide bombers for 2 years, following a life of terrorism and violence, Arafat is now opposed to the new fence that Israel is building to protect itself against Arafat. Is this guy for real? So let's look at what Israel's options are here. a) turn all Palestinian areas into parking lots...this would not be very politically saleable and would bring world condemnation on Israel, although this might end the terrorism. b) ditto if Israel intensified its military campaign to destroy terrorists and their supporters. c) protect itself and make Yasser more mad and more incoherent than his usual way, or d) do nothing and have more Israelis massacred daily by idiots who have been bred by Arafat and their own mothers (see next post) to kill as many Jews as they possibly can. Don't know about you but this is a bit of a tossup. I think I'll take "Fence" for $2B, Alex. Arafat not only is an incoherent terrorist, he is now a senile, babbling idiot. I think we should negotiate with this guy!
A homocide bomber kisses his mother before embarking upon his killing spree. When she heard of the news of her son's explosion that killed 2 soldiers, she clapped her hands and ululated with joy.
Arafat is mad at Condi for calling him corrupt and useless.....or something like that. Yeah Condi....my hero.
Will someone tell Pam Geller, Robert Spencer, David Yerushalmi, and Gates of Vienna they might as well close up shop. A new study reported by the NY Times‘ Scott Shane confirms what most of us knew all along. The alleged phenomenon of Muslim-American terror is largely concocted from their fevered, belabored imagination:
A feared wave of homegrown terrorism by radicalized Muslim Americans has not materialized, with plots and arrests dropping sharply over the two years since an unusual peak in 2009, according to a new study by a North Carolina research group.
The study, to be released on Wednesday, found that 20 Muslim Americans were charged in violent plots or attacks in 2011, down from 26 in 2010 and a spike of 47 in 2009.
Charles Kurzman, the author of the report for the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security, called terrorism by Muslim Americans “a minuscule threat to public safety.” Of about 14,000 murders in the United States last year, not a single one resulted from Islamic extremism, said Mr. Kurzman, a professor of sociology at the University of North Carolina.
The report also notes that the number of American Muslims charged with terrorism since 9/11 has topped out at the whopping total of 193. Of all the thousands of such cases, only 193 were perpetrated by Muslims in the past 11 years! The anti-jihadis owe these American citizens an abject apology. But they won’t get one. Instead they’ll continue feeling the cold blast of hate. And anti-Muslim haters like Yerushalmi will continue their financially lucrative campaign of writing anti-Sharia laws for state governments, some of which don’t even have a substantial Muslim population living in their borders. If anything was a solution in search of a problem, this is it.
No doubt, Geller will be snooping into the study author’s background (Jewish) attempting to find bias or some other taint. Good luck to her. It won’t take much to satisfy her twisted mind that the study is part of the international conspiracy to downplay the Muslim menace.
Reality TV: Challenging US Muslim Sterotypes Reality TV show All-American Muslim is a step ahead in exposing American Muslim society as diverse, but also continues to perpetrate several stereotypes. ...
Gallup: Muslims Loyal, Non-Violent, Tolerant – Shock! SHELINA ZAHRA JANMOHAMED: These same results keep being found, keep being published – and keep being greeted with surprise......
Educated, Engaged Muslim Americans ‘Critical to Dialogue’ M. SALMAN RAVALA: The current generation of young Muslim Americans have a major role to play in promoting engagement between West and the East ...
Muslim Disillusion Could Cost Obama Dear ALEX KANE, MONDOWEISS: A multitude of events have piled up and support for Obama is running at an all time low. ...
‘Stereotype Killer’: Muslim Men Speak About Lives NADIA MOHAMMAD, CGNEWS: Everyone seems to have an opinion on who and what Muslim men are. Time to ask the men themselves...
Richard Silverstein has been writing Tikun Olam, one of the earliest liberal Jewish blogs, since February, 2003. It focuses on Israeli-Palestinian peace and includes commentary on U.S. politics and human rights. Silverstein is a regular contributor to Truthout and has contributed to Haaretz, Jewish Forward, Los Angeles Times, the Guardian’s Comment Is Free and Al Jazeera English. He is a progressive (critical) Zionist, supports a two state solution to "roughly to pre-67 borders" and an internationally guaranteed peace agreement with the Palestinians.
I read your above article, I would like to see that the number of murders in America you indicate that there were 14.000, please note in 2011 there were 140.000 murders in America alone.
SARAH WALTON: How did I not know of it before? The heavenly taste of freshly baked feteer is a treat worth celebrating.
Years after “Altar of Drone” thisqietarmy returns to Midira with his new album “Democracy Of Dust”. We are thrilled to present you this masterpiece that documents a very special output by Eric Quach, very oppositional to what you heard before on “Altar of Drone” and other classic tqa releases.
During his residency at the Dissenso Studio in Sao Paolo, while touring with Labirinto, he recorded some tracks using different synthesizers. Back home he added some guitar tracks to the synthesizer recordings and finalized the tracks. The result is an impressive mixture of electronic and drone sounds, refined with ambient layers and subliminal beats.
The album got mastered for vinyl by Brian Wenckebach at Electric Blue Studios in Brooklyn and it takes you on a journey through familiar tqa sounds to some surprisingly electronic tunes with massive walls of sound and beats, that make you wobble while listening. A perfect floating and beating synthiedrone trip.
“Democracy Of Dust” comes in an edition of 300 copies on 12inch vinyl with full colour printed labels and a full colour artwork showing Sao Paolo from the bird’s eye view, printed inside-out on the rough side of a 300g cardboard sleeve.
200 copies come in as a regular edition on black vinyl including download code and 100 copies come as a limited edition on transparent blue vinyl, also including a CD with the digital mastered version of the album.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
Hi ladies. I didn't want you to think I'd dropped off a cliff somewhere, we just got really busy here right after the holidays and things got moved around on my to-do list. But I'm happy to say that I'm finally catching up (although I'm a few blocks behind...hope to remedy that next week). I wanted to post pics of the 2 blocks I did finish and mail out.
This one was fun to put together, I love the mix of patterns, but man I was scared to death to cut the final block Cheryl. I hope I followed the directions you sent as you intended, if not, I am happy to remake it.
I love the idea of this quilt, and can really envision how all the different "v's" that everyone has done will look pieced together. I was a bit worried about the final size, I hope its not too small.
I know that my month to send out blocks is upon us! I have been collecting some inspiration shots over on my pinterest board and it's helping me form an idea. I have a feeling that the overall design will be simple and symmetrical, but how that translates into individual blocks I will try to figure out asap and let you know.
A Catch All for the things that make up the life of a Midwest Boy Mom who happens to have a little girl too! Find recipes, crafts, business advice, party ideas, parenting stories and all things "Mom"!!
We have a snow today...the day our winter parties at school were scheduled for!!! The kids will not be able to do their gift exchanges...our district does not have school scheduled for tomorrow so we can make it up...and I have three AMAZING teacher gifts that they won't get until after the holidays! All is good tho....I have a plan to have these parties (or at least the gift exchange) when we come back after the first of the year...I don't want to see parents' hard earned, well spent money go to waste! In the meantime, I learned last minute that my oldest son's two best friends have purchased him a gift....so, at some point in the very near future, I have to put together a "cool" inexpensive gift for them and then met up with their parents!
It's time to get ready for summer....and vinyl is the newest "in" thing! I craft on a budget...and vinyl transfer paper is e...
We played "Nerf War" at my son's birthday party this year. It was a TON of fun, he had a blast and the turn out of kids was ...
Ah! The many posts to my son's 9th birthday party are HERE! First project first....the table top goal post! This is something I have ...
In my frugal state of mind, with two birthdays within a month of Christmas....I decided to make my own game for my daughter's party...i...
For any mom whose child plays baseball and softball, white pants can be the scariest thing in the world! I have three boys and it seems th...
I have found the best first step to getting my life organized was to develop a menu. This forces me to organize my food shopping and allow...
Keeping Christ in the Christian holidays seems to harder and harder as the years pass. For me, Easter is the most important Christian holid...
Financial Binder can one of the best tools you every give your family. Many relationships end over a difference in regards to money (whet...
I love planning and decorating for my kids' birthdays! It's one my favorite things about being a momma! My oldest son is a HUGE A...
My spouse and I stumbled over here from a different web page and thought I might check things out. I ...
Hello. I see that you don't update your page too often. I know that writing content is time consuming ...
I often visit your blog and have noticed that you don't update it often. More frequent updates will ...
Basil is one of medicinal plants in Indonesia that has been used empirically as antimicrobes, analgetic, antiinflammatory, antivirus, antitumor, and antioxidants that prevented ischemia. This research aimed to investigate the effect of adding granule ethanol extract of basil leaves (Ocimum americanum) as antioxidant to capture free radicals in fried foods. The antioxidant activity of ethanol extract of basil leaves with DPPH determinated by IC50, comparing the antioxidant activity of the granule and the control by determination of quality properties of oil and food after frying using Fourier Transfor Infra Red (FTIR) spectra, and quantitative parameters by determination percentage of free fatty acid (FFA). Results of maceration with ethanol 15.94% w/w, total ash content 9.85%, water soluble ash content 3.98%, acid insoluble ash content 3.98%, water soluble extract 25.89%, ethanol soluble extract 12.76%, water content 6.87%, drying shrinkage 11.19%. Testing the antioxidant activity of the ethanol extract of basil leaves with DPPH gave IC50 of 80.55 ppm. The result of antioxidant testing by determination percentage of FFA statistically with ANOVA (significance 0.00<5) and comparison of the concentration extract in basil granule with LSD test significantly different. The result indicates that adding ethanol extract of granules basil on fried foods gave antioxidant activity because it can inhibit the increasing of FFA percentage.
The objective of study was to produce ethanol using cellulolytic yeast SporidiobolusruineniaeBS-070 and fermentative yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiaeJSAT13-2-Y249 on cassava waste. Cassava waste was selected as substrate for ethanol production since it contained high polysaccharide. The process for ethanol production was divided by two steps. First step was hydrolyses of polysaccharide into fermentable sugar which was performed by SporidiobolusruineniaeBS-070. The second step was fermentation by fermentative strain Saccharomyces cerevisiaeJSAT13-2-Y249. Very high fermentable sugar was achieved after 48 hours incubations, and maximum ethanol (4500 mg/L) was achieved after 96 hours incubation. The co-culture of SporidiobolusruineniaeBS-070 and fermentative yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiaeJSAT13-2-Y249 are quite promising to produce biofuel ethanol on cassava waste. This implies the fermentation of cassava waste will solve environmental problem and produce sustainable biofuel.
How To Print Greeting Cards how to print greeting cards how to print greeting cards custom greeting cards personalized templates. how to print greeting cards house of cards how to turn your art into greeting cards templates. how to print greeting cards greeting card printing design print greeting cards uprinting template. How To Print Greeting Cards how to print greeting cards how to print greeting cards techsmurf download. how to print greeting cards how to print greeting cards in word printing your own greeting cards template. How To Print Greeting Cards
How To Print Greeting Cards how to print greeting cards house of cards how to turn your art into greeting cards templates. how to print greeting cards greeting card printing design print greeting cards uprinting template. how to print greeting cards how to print greeting cards techsmurf download. how to print greeting cards how to print greeting cards in word printing your own greeting cards template.
RT @GLD_Gothenburg: @GLD_Gothenburg Research Fellow @kristenkao was invited by Prof. Harold Kincaid to present work on whether the poor emb…
If you would like to keep up on all my latest news I'm happy to add your name and email to my list! I send messages every month or so just letting you know where I'm playing, what new albums are coming out and other news. No spam! I promise! Sound like fun? Just add your information here...
Marking 10 years of performing, composing and recording together, this fifth album by TRI-FI is another set of all-original music. We think you will hear an honesty and maturity in the trio’s playing (it has been 10 years!), and the joy in the music is clearly TRI-FI through and through.
A collection of 9 solo piano pieces that was created in a collaborative project with my sister and visual artist, Loryn Spangler-Jones.
"Tri-Fi's newest collection of originals is the best example yet of their intimate group interplay."
All About Jazz calls it “sticky chicken-shack meets P-funk music as your satellite orbits New Orleans.”
Thanks for visiting my website and checking out my music. I hope you'll take a moment to send me a note to say hi, or join my mailing list to receive occasional updates about performances, albums, and other music news.
This is true for any organization, whether it be a business, non-profit, event, or anything else that would necessitate any type of advertising.
But how do you get word-of-mouth advertising, especially for your business? You can’t just go buy Google Adwords for word-of-mouth—there’s no such thing. (By the way, if you can somehow figure out how to manufacture word-of-mouth advertising, you’ll be a billionaire.)
Go above and beyond. Do such a good job that your customer is blown away. This is hard to do with a product, but easy to do with a service. You always want to underpromise and overdeliver, so you have to be creative with how you overdeliver.
On one hand, you want to promote and market the best part of your product to your customer so they want to buy it. On the other hand, you want to limit what you communicate to your customer so they don’t completely know what they will get.
When your customer pays for your product or service and then they get something extra, they feel like they got a bargain because the value was greater than what they anticipated.
Do a great job and your customer will likely reward you by sharing their positive experience with their friend.
If your current customers aren’t sharing their experiences with anyone else, you might consider providing greater value in what you offer. A great way to figure out how your customer’s perceive your value is to send them a survey after a purchase.
Your survey can be very brief with just a few questions or a big longer with around 10 questions. If you create more than 10, you run the risk of your customer giving up on the survey and quitting before they submit their answers.
I am often shocked at how many business owners—especially service-based businesses—that do not have any sort of survey for their customers. This means they are getting virtually ZERO feedback from the opinions that matter most.
Add a survey and you’ll find out exactly where to fine-tune and tweak what you offer and how you offer it, and you’ll create more raving fans along the way.
This is one of THE most important pieces of advice I can offer you. Show gratitude, but I’m not referring to your customers—I’m referring to the other vendors which whom you work.
When I was building Lighthouse Entertainment—my DJ business—I would send a literal stack of thank you cards after each event. If I performed at a wedding, I could easily mail out 10-15 thank you cards after each reception.
It didn’t really matter who I sent thank you cards to—I just sent them to any person with whom I had ANY interaction.
Think of something. It doesn’t matter what you thank them for, but you can likely find SOMETHING that they did well.
I realized early on that when I was working alongside other vendors, I could do the best possible job I have ever done, but if other vendors didn’t pull their weight, it brought down the quality of the overall event in the customer’s perception.
When all the vendors went above and beyond, there was a compounding effect of gratitude from my clients. They were thrilled with all the vendors, and experienced a collective incredible event.
For this reason, when another vendor does their job with excellence, they are actually helping me even though I am not the one who they’re trying to impress.
I began receiving recommendations from all over the place. It seemed as though there was a direct correlation to the number of thank you cards I wrote to the number of referrals I would receive from another vendor.
Follow these 3 steps and you’ll be well on your way to generating more word-of-mouth traffic than ever before. And when you do, send me a thank you card. J
Question: Have you ever received a thank you card from a business before? Share your experience in the comments.
All models on this website are 18 years or older. maturewomenpics.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Whether traveling on business or vacation, Brinscall can comfortably accommodate you. You can shop as many as 371 deals for Brinscall accommodations on Hotels.com, some with discounts of up to 40%. We have room prices starting at 8 USD per night and here you'll find a breakdown of hotels by star rating in Brinscall as well as in the surrounding area:
Fly into Manchester (MAN), 25.2 mi (40.6 km) from central Brinscall. Liverpool (LPL-John Lennon) is the next closest major airport, 26.7 mi (43 km) away.
Bernaich is an inviting destination that has something for everyone. Though Bernaich might not have many well-known attractions, you don't need to venture far to visit Hochosterwitz Castle and Hauptplatz. You won't want to miss sights in the surrounding area like Museum St. Veit and Magdalensberg Archaelogical Park.
Whether you plan to stay for a night or a week, Bernaich has accommodations to fit your needs. You can shop as many as 43 deals for Bernaich accommodations on Hotels.com, some with discounts of up to 30%. Our room prices start at 36 USD per night and here you'll find a breakdown of hotels by star rating in Bernaich as well as in the surrounding area:
Stay up to date with product launches, events and much more. We will not share your information with any third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Szanowna Użytkowniczko, Szanowny Użytkowniku, Klikając przycisk "Kontynuuj" wyrażasz zgodę na przetwarzanie Twoich danych osobowych. Informujemy, że w niniejszym serwisie w zakresie przetwarzania danych osobowych zastosowanie znajduje Rozporządzenie Parlamentu Europejskiego i Rady Unii Europejskiej 2016/679 z dnia 27 kwietnia 2016 r. w sprawie ochrony osób fizycznych w związku z przetwarzaniem danych osobowych i w sprawie swobodnego przepływu takich danych (tzw. „RODO”). W związku z tym przygotowaliśmy obowiązek informacyjny, w którym opisaliśmy jak przetwarzamy Twoje dane i jakie prawa Ci przysługują. Zobacz: Szczegóły
The Luso spa hosted the VII International Congress of the Portuguese Society of Medical Hydrology 5, 6 and 7, in order to discuss the progress of medical hydrology and thermal activity.
The Portuguese Chapter is involved in many medical geology projects and has published several medical geology papers. More information is available in the Members Section of the website.
Amelia Paula Reis, Geochemistry, Contamination and its repercussions in public health; Geostatistics; Multivariate Data Analysis; Medical Geology
Carla Patinha, Geochemistry, Contamination and its repercussions in public health; Geostatistics; Multivariate Data Analysis; Medical Geology
Ana Rita Gonçalves Neves Lopes Salgueiro, Geostatistics, Contamination in mining areas and its repercussions in public health; Geostatistics; Multivariate Data Analysis; Medical Geology
During the last 6 months, the Portuguese Chapter successfully hosted the 9th International Symposium on Environmental Geochemistry (ISEG). A report on the conference can be found in the Past Events section of this newsletter on pages 41 to 42. The Portuguese Local Chapter will also host the MEDGEO conference in Aveiro, Portugal in 2015.
9th International Symposium in Environmental Geochemistry (9th ISEG), to be held in Aviero, Portugal.
SANTOS, I., REIS, A.P, FERREIRA DA SILVA, E., PATINHA, C. DIAS, AC. Definition of areas of probable risk to human health posed by As and Pb in soils and ground-level dusts of the surrounding area of an abandoned As-sulphide mine in the north of Portugal: part 1. Submitted to the Environmental Earth Sciences.
CABRAL PINTO MMS., SILVA MMVG., NEIVA AMR., 2011. Pollution of water related with an abandoned uranium mine and health effects. Geomed 2011. 4th International Conference on Medical Geology. Bari, Italy, 20-25 September 2011
The Portugal Chapter is very active, with 28 members, a mixture of environmental and medical scientists. The members have the following interests: organic petrology and geochemistry; environmental geochemistry; hydrogeology; thermal and mineral waters; groundwater contamination; isotope hydrology; mineralogy/geomaterials; peloids/maturation process; environmental pollution; uranium; radon and natural radioactivity; health risk assessment; contamination in mining areas and its repercussions in public health; geostatistics and multivariate data analysis.
The members are participating in several research projects in the area of Medical Geology. In addition, Medi-cal Geology was introduced as a topic in several Masters and PhD programmes at the universities. The members of the chapter are involved in the organization of several conferences where the issue of Medical Geology is one of the main topics
You are here: Parliament home page > Parliamentary business > Business Papers > Public Bills before Parliament > Bill home page
Public Bills change the law as it applies to the general population and are the most common type of Bill introduced in Parliament. Government Ministers propose many Public Bills - those put forward by other MPs or peers are known as Private Members' Bills
Free retro gaming are all over the internet these days! The days of playing the latest advanced video games are over. You do not have to pay hundreds or even thousands of dollars to find new video games to play. If you are willing to play games that didn’t just come out yesterday, you can play tons of games for free all over the internet.
As a parent, it is important to remember that children do not have an “off” switch in their brain. Without parental intervention, kids can (and will) play video games for many hours without stopping. It is important to monitor the amount of time your child can play their games. Set a limit and be consistent and firm with this limit.
You can develop problems with your wrist and fingers with excessive game play. A good way to minimize the fatigue and problems associated with this, try exercising your hands and wrists with stress balls or other devices. This will allow you to play for longer periods of time and might actually improve your gaming skills.
However, you have to be careful when playing retro gaming. There are many legal issues involved if you play games online for free that are protected by copyright. I am referring mostly to emulators and roms you can often find online for free. You may be familiar with these emulators. You can find emulators online for many of the old video game systems and play the old games for free.
The problem with these emulators and roms is that most of the games are protected by copyright laws. If you setup a website where you are giving away games for free online, you can be prosecuted and sued by the video game companies for copyright infringement. Finally, the retro gaming is your best choice for games when you are free.
Peter Williams on Sricam SP008 security camera – one with the features of 5x optical zoom IR-cut waterproof
Peter Gowan on Sricam SP008 security camera – one with the features of 5x optical zoom IR-cut waterproof
The Vaughan family camping at Paraparaumu beach, pictured outside McLean's `whare' (an early beach house). Shows the children seated at a table and standing outside the cabin, and Mrs Vaughan stirring a boiling pot. Dune grasses, flax, and Toi Toi surround the building. Photograph taken in 1914, by an unidentified photographer.
Usage: You can search, browse, print and download items from this website for research and personal study. You are welcome to reproduce the above image(s) on your blog or another website, but please maintain the integrity of the image (i.e. don't crop, recolour or overprint it), reproduce the image's caption information and link back to here (http://mp.natlib.govt.nz/detail/?id=41348). If you would like to use the above image(s) in a different way (e.g. in a print publication), or use the transcription or translation, permission must be obtained. More information about copyright and usage can be found on the Copyright and Usage page of the NLNZ web site.
Take a moment to admire this beautiful Art Nouveau vase! The floral pattern with white roses overlaps a square grid, counterbalancing the simple, geometrical lines with organic elements. The vase from around 1900 has a simple, yet elegant shape and was manufactured by Amphora Austria. The lustrous glaze gives the vase a subtle iridescent shine, which makes this object an interesting and unique eye-catcher.
Dear visitor, we use cookies to improve and facilitate your interaction with our websites and services, to better understand the usage of our websites and services. You can find more information in our privacy policy. close
Buying a home usually means getting obtaining a mortgage loan. You will find a useful mortgage calculator below that will give you the monthly payments that you could expect given your particular financing situation.
Please fill out the information below and I will put you in touch with a trusted mortgage professional who will provide you with a depth of knowledge, explain all of your financing options and get you the best rate!
You are reading Bleach Chapter 571 Page 1 on MangaSee. To see more information about this Manga, please visit the Chapter List. Bleach is a Manga that was published in 2001by KUBO Tite. Bleach Manga is Complete. Its scanslation status is Complete. Bleach Chapter 571 was added on 07/10/2016 . Genres: Action, Comedy, Drama, Martial Arts, Shounen, Supernatural
2016 MangaSee Copyrights and trademarks for the manga, and other promotional materials are held by their respective owners and their use is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law. Privacy Policy
Reporting Live, From my Bathroom Counter. Up CLOSE and Personal with My Latest Products that Keep Me Gorgeous While On The Go!
Your January Society Schedule: DANCE at YoungArts with DJ Cassidy then at PAMM for their Louis Vuitton Gala!
DM Singles Events in Kiev Related queries: We deem to get your agreement for the below policy when you place an order. November 15 Magic Ladies Night Shootin November 15 My perfect Friday. Retrieved 18 March Retrieved from https: Views Read Edit View history. November 14 Your favourite Celle single party. He rationalised and industrialised modern residential development. August 17 24 Jahre Inkognito nieohn Juli 17 Your favourite Birthday. This involved a rigorously applied change of celle single party in favour of National building , which meant a stigmatising of the Bauhaus movement and its economically focused functionalism.
The incorporation of gardens gives the development a celle single party garden city character. The eastern part of Germany was now subsumed single tanzkurs karlsruhe Poland and the Soviet Unionwhile the rest of the country was divided into four military occupation zones. Haesler was given responsibility for rebuilding the destroyed city of Celle single partyan hour or so to the west of Berlin. Retrieved 16 March Retrieved 17 March Otto Haesler und der Wohnungsbau in der Weimarer Republik. â—‹It may be required to adjust to fit because our custom parts reduce the clearance of normal parts to lead the best condition. In Germany invaded Polandtriggering a more celle single party war across much of Europe. â—‹We couldn t assure the trouble with your lack of skill.
With celle single party Georgsgarten Settlement Haesler succeeded in creating an urban planning first. Public so sind die Foyers der Congress Union Celle gestaltet. Otto Haesler was subject to physical attacks: Here he continued to build houses, now using the traditional brick construction characteristic of the region, but still with structural elements of modern architecture
Find Answers Here: Hallie berry is she single? - Find Answers Here!, tstsy.com is #1 search engine of meanings and definitions. Single Party Elections Conoscenza ...
Otto Haesler - Wikipedia Single party celle. Cell - definition of cell by The Free Dictionary https: A narrow confining room, as in a prison or convent.
Linnetta, having refused several offers to dance, was catching up on society gossip. A young man–unfamiliar and handsome–approached. His exquisite demon costume, if cliche in concept, was marvelous in execution. Linnetta looked into his mesmerizing, dark eyes. He was grand, effortlessly aristocratic, putting everyone who had asked her for a dance to shame. She accepted his offer without even considering any of her stock phrases of polite refusal.
Unsurprisingly, he was a marvelous dancer; but Linnetta was quite out of practice, and her feet hurt, and she felt grateful when the first song ended. But the man’s grasp stayed tight around her waist, and when she looked at him with alarm, he only shook his head and said, “I insist. After all, you have been isolated for so long…”
There was a rush of whispering behind them, and the pair turned to see a new arrival to the ball: a woman who wore a spangled gown too dark for the occasion, quite out of place with the bright colors of the masquerade. She did not speak, but prowled the edges of the dance
“I’m afraid not,” Linnetta answered. He made no further conversation, and she put the sparkling dress out of her mind and returned her concentration to her aching feet.
No one’s guessed the singer/group I learned to draw gold from yet… At this point the idea of not having to color that black and white gown seems like mercy, because, ow, my hand. Put up a new poll for next week – put in a couple new suggestions, dropped the bottom three from last week.
Thank you for reading! Never miss a post by liking Liana's Paper Dolls on Facebook, following @lianapaperdolls on Twitter, or signing up for my mailing list.
As if to redress perceived passivity from him in the past, Supreme Court of Pakistan Chief Justice Saqib Nisar has resorted to activism when attending functions, and taken to dropping hints over the court’s verdicts in the cases it is hearing against ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif. Case in point: possible disqualification of Sharif as head of his Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz). The observations made by the honorable court imply that a “liar”—that is, if a person is not sadiq (truthful) and ameen (honest)—is forever disqualified to hold elected office as well as the office of a party chief.
Everyone knows that the court has lowered itself into a litigation through which the political parties want to pull each other down. Everyone also knows that Sharif’s PMLN doesn’t get along with the Pakistan Army and that some judges are prone to show themselves as part of the more powerful establishment determined to replace the ruling PMLN with Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf. Additionally, the Article pertaining to “sadiq” and “ameen” is of dubious origin, lending itself to judicial literalness. If someone has been caught lying once, does it mean he will be lying forever? Is lying somehow comparable to such un-compoundable crimes as murder? Even in the case of murder, manslaughter or unintentional killing is compoundable.
Lawyers offended with Justice Nisar’s excessively talkative activism criticize his “thief and robber” comment. They take it to mean that the court will also oust Sharif from his position of leader of the PMLN. Only the chief justice is to blame if some senior lawyers have chosen to come on TV and condemn what the Supreme Court seems to have decided to do to Sharif. Since the case is a “political thicket,” both sides are also fighting it out on the media—if that is any consolation for the court. But nothing good will come out of this judicial activism.
To squeeze or not to squeeze? I’ll admit that I’m no skin saint. I have stood in front of the mirror on a number of occasions as a teenager with a big pimple staring right back at me. And yes, despite being advised not to, I have squeezed, picked and popped.
The answer is yes. Squeezing and trying to pop pimples is definitely not the best solution and can actually make your skin worse.
Acne is one of the most common inflammatory skin conditions in adolescents. More than 80% of teenagers battle with pimples. It can also occur later in life for a number of reasons, including an imbalance of hormones called androgens.
At the moment, we need more research to fully understand the causes of acne. Oil glands (sebaceous glands), located in the skin at the base of the hair follicle, excrete oil (sebum) to lubricate the surface of the skin and hair. All parts of the body contain sebaceous glands, except the palms and soles of the feet.
Acne was previously thought to come from lack of normal shedding of the skin cells that line the sebaceous (oil gland) follicle. This was thought to lead to thickened skin and the formation of small comedones (black and white heads).
But there has been a shift in this thinking in recent years. Acne is now viewed primarily as an inflammatory skin disorder.
A pimple is like a little bag under the skin that contains oil, bacteria and inflammation. Squeezing it can result in these contents being pushed into surrounding skin, making the problem worse. It can also lead to infection and temporary darkening of the skin in that area.
On top of this, the inflammation can become so bad that scarring is left behind when the pimple finally settles down. And scarring (unlike the pimple) can be permanent.
If you resist the urge to squeeze, pimples will usually resolve over a week or so without scarring. The “white” contents will also settle down or spontaneously pop when ready.
If large pimples require urgent treatment, a dermatologist can get rid of the contents of a pimple safely. They may also give it an injection that decreases inflammation and the pimple in a day or so.
If pimples are something you battle with even on a monthly basis, it is advisable to see a dermatologist to find out what can be done to control the flares.
Eat a healthy, well-balanced diet low in sugar. This includes nuts, legumes, fish, red meat, fruits and vegetables. A number of well-conducted trials support the benefits of a diet with a low glycemic load for patients who have acne. Some studies suggest a higher risk of acne with frequent milk consumption, but more research is needed before dietary recommendations can be made. It’s advisable to keep a diary to see if any of these foods directly aggravate acne and avoid them if this is the case.
Avoid excessive scrubbing, cleansing and exfoliating. Acne doesn’t happen due to accumulation of dirt and grime on the skin and can’t simply be washed away. Using many products can increase skin irritation and dryness and compound the problem.
Choose oil-free cleansers, moisturisers and sunscreen (these are usually labelled “non-comedogenic” on packaging).
Choose silicone-based hair products rather than greasy ones. Greasy hair products can make more oil and grease accumulate on the skin, which will make acne worse.
Michelle Rodrigues, Consultant Dermatologist, St Vincent&#39;s Hospital Melbourne. Her areas of expertise include pigmentary disorders and skin of colour and her other areas of interest include laser surgery and hyperhidrosis.
This paper presents the reliability analysis of a manual ultrasonic time of flight diffraction test system for characterization of surface breaking inclined cracks. Probability of detection (POD) and probability of sizing (POS) curves for the detection and sizing of such cracks have been developed from experimental data. In the development of POD and POS curves, it has been assumed and subsequently verified that the signal responses (â values for an angle of inclination of the crack q) have a normal distribution. The effects of probe angle and probe center spacing on both POD and POS have been investigated. The curves obtained in this work can be useful in risk based test planning for simple geometry components, such as pipelines and boiler headers, using a manual/automated time of flight diffraction system.
If you would like to know more about our products or services. call 61 16 00 55 or send us an e-mail to post@less.no If you would like us to contact you, please fill out the form below.
• So what did it taste like? It didn’t has much grapefruit as most New Zealand wines, but you could still taste citrus. The middle was a bit short and without any New Zealand-like tropical flavors, but there was a very long minderal finish. In some respects, it was more French in style.
• What do you pair this with? The web site suggests green bean and potato salad, which must be a New Zealand thing. Otherwise, almost any shellfish, grilled or roast chicken and one of my favorites, spaghetti with clam sauce (though I use canned clams).
• What’s with this bullit-style layout for the wine review? Trying something different. Not sure that it would work every week, but it was fun to do this time.
Le Jaspe Océan instille en nous la joie de vivre et l'envie de vivre, de parler et d'agir avec plus d'optimisme. Elle nous éveille aux bons aspects de la vie ce qui améliore notre moral. Cette pierre contribue à nous faire apprécier les merveilleux bienfaits que nous recevons quotidiennement. Cette pierre nous aide à accepter notre incarnation actuelle pour vivre le moment présent. C'est la pierre «d'ici et maintenant». Ce jaspe est le secret du bonheur car il nous détache du passé et nous délivre de l'appréhension du futur. Le jaspe océan apporte de la patience, instaure le calme, la sérénité et aide à la maîtrise de soi en période difficile ou lors d'un conflit. Ses vibrations nous aide à conserver un état émotionnel centré et à prévenir la réaction disproportionnée ou l'identification à l'égo. Le jaspe océan atténue le stress et soutient le système immunitaire. Placer sous l’oreiller cette pierre aide à avoir un meilleur sommeil.
Please be aware that we are unable to respond to individual enquiries. Advice from UKTIS is available to health care professionals in the UK. Ask your doctor to phone us.
Flecainide (Tambocor®) is a medicine used to treat arrhythmia (abnormal heart rhythm). Flecainide is also occasionally given to a pregnant woman to treat an abnormally fast heartbeat in the unborn baby.
There is no yes or no answer to this question. For some pregnant women with heart arrhythmias, or where an abnormally fast heartbeat has been detected in the unborn baby, treatment with flecainide in pregnancy might be necessary. When deciding whether or not to take flecainide during pregnancy it is important to weigh up how necessary flecainide is to your or your baby’s health against the possible risks, some of which will depend on how many weeks pregnant you are.
This leaflet summarises the available scientific information relating to the effects of flecainide on a baby in the womb. It is advisable to consider this information if you are taking flecainide and are pregnant or could become pregnant in the future.
If you are pregnant and are taking flecainide or any other medicines, you should let your doctor know as soon as possible so that your medication can be reviewed to ensure you are on the most suitable medicine(s) and are taking the appropriate dose.
It is very important that you do not stop or alter the dose of any medicine you are taking without first speaking to your doctor. If you are already pregnant, making changes to your medicine yourself may be more harmful to both you and your baby than continuing to take that medicine.
A baby’s body and most internal organs are formed during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. It is mainly during this time that some medicines are known to cause birth defects.
It is currently unclear whether flecainide use in pregnancy can cause birth defects in the baby. Only three women who took flecainide in early pregnancy have been studied. None of the babies had birth defects, but large scientific studies of pregnant women taking flecainide need to be carried out before we can say whether or not flecainide increases the risk of birth defects in the baby.
A very small study showed that rates of stillbirth were similar between pregnant women being treated with flecainide and women being treated with other medicines for heart arrhythmias. There are a number of case reports of babies dying in the womb after being exposed to flecainide. However, all of the babies had abnormal heart rhythms which may have caused their deaths. More research needs to be done to assess the risk of stillbirth following flecainide treatment in pregnancy.
No studies have investigated whether preterm birth (before 37 weeks) is more likely with use of flecainide in pregnancy.
A very small study showed similar birth weights in babies born to women who took flecainide in pregnancy and women who took other medicines for heart arrhythmias. Although this is reassuring, more research into the possible effects of flecainide exposure on a baby’s birth weight needs to be carried out to confirm this finding.
A baby’s brain continues to develop right up until the end of pregnancy. It is therefore possible that taking certain medicines at any stage of pregnancy could have a lasting effect on a child’s learning or behaviour.
It is currently unclear whether flecainide exposure in the womb causes alterations to learning and behaviour as no studies have been carried out to investigate this. There are a number of case reports which describe children who were developing normally after being exposed to flecainide in the womb. Two babies with abnormal development after being exposed in the womb to flecainide have also reported. However, in both of these cases other health issues might also have explained the developmental problems. More research is required to determine whether flecainide exposure in the womb might affect a child’s learning or behaviour.
As part of their routine antenatal care most women will be offered a scan at around 20 weeks of pregnancy to look for birth defects and to check the baby’s growth. Women with serious heart arrhythmias are likely to be monitored more closely during pregnancy to ensure that they remain well throughout and that their baby is growing and developing as expected. Where an abnormally fast heartbeat has been detected in the baby, extra monitoring will be required to determine the need for treatment and to ensure that the baby has not developed a condition called fetal hydrops. This is where abnormal fluid levels build up in the baby’s body due to the heart not working effectively.
Because the effects of flecainide on a developing pregnancy are largely unknown, if you are treated with flecainide in early pregnancy, your doctor may wish to monitor you more closely and may offer you the option of having more detailed anomaly scans around 12 weeks of pregnancy. It is, however, harder to see birth defects when the baby is still so small, which is why the main scan for birth defects is generally offered at around 20 weeks of pregnancy. It is important to understand that scans are not able to pick up all birth defects and cannot predict whether a baby will have problems with learning and behaviour.
No studies have specifically investigated whether flecainide used by the father can harm the baby through effects on the sperm, however most experts agree that this is very unlikely. More research on the effects of medicine use in men around the time of conception is needed.
As our valued customer, you have privileged access to a host of MaVie exclusive offers that give you a head start on living the life you deserve.
With our wellness platform, we make sure you are in top shape for the perfect lifestyle with personalised health solutions that match your DNA.
With MaVie, you are part of our shopping community. Feel like a VIP, earn rewards and benefits when you shop with us.
Our aim in this Customer journey is to ensure you enjoy exclusive privileges and benefits that elevate your living experiences to new heights. By thinking so, We strive to bring our customers the best value possible in all our product offerings through innovative thinking, personalised solutions and an unwavering commitment to quality. We also take pride in creating positive change in our customers’ lives around the world by giving world-class products and services related to health, leisure, and rewards. Your voice is important to us. At every step of your journey with us, you can be assured that we are listening to your feedback as we seek to continuously improve our brands, products, and services. Adding value and support to our customers is what makes us happy and fulfilled.
The Program on Governance and Local Development (GLD) aims to explain variation in governance and local development to promote human welfare globally.
@GLD_Gothenburg Research Fellow @kristenkao was invited by Prof. Harold Kincaid to present work on whether the poor…
Representativity of measurement stations for monitoring air quality in a road traffic loaded Alpine valley
Is moss a single-celled organism? no, they are multicellular eukaryotes. they come under bryophytes. ... Is moss a single cell organism? No Edit. Share to: Room ...
Nokia just announced 2 new budget sliders with an emphasis on media sharing and pretty colors. The Nokia 6700 Slide and the Nokia 7230. These newbs are priced about $239 and $150 respectively. The 6700 Slide features a 5-megapixel Carl Zeiss optic camera with onboard editing software and the 7230 sports a 3.2 megapixel camera. Both of these phones will be available in a variety of catchy colors.
» Madeleine McCann's fate may never be revealed 'after chief suspect takes secret to his grave' /The Mirror
The Curtis Culwell Center terrorist attack was perpetrated by two men who attempted to carry out a mass execution of participants at an exhibit featuring cartoon images of Muhammad at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas on May 3, 2015. The terrorists opened fire on police officers at the entrance to The Curtis Culwell Center and shot a Garland Independent School District (ISD) security officer in the ankle. Shortly after the terrorists pulled up and opened fire, both were shot and wounded by Officer Gregory Stevens of the Garland Police Department. Both terrorists were eventually killed by other members of the local police.
The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) claimed responsibility for the attack plot, the first time the militant group took credit for an attack in the United States.
Elton Simpson and Nadir Hamid Soofi were roommates living in an apartment in Phoenix, Arizona. Simpson was previously convicted of making a false statement about terrorism in 2011, and followed hacker and pro-ISIS propagandist Junaid Hussain on Twitter. Simpson was an employee at a dentist’s office, while Soofi was running a carpet cleaning business.
A third man, Abdul Malik Abdul Kareem, was responsible for housing Simpson and Soofi at his home, as well as supplying them with some of the firearms and ammunition used in the attack. According to the indictment, around June 2014, the three began conspiring to support ISIS and considered targeting a number of locations for terrorist attacks.
Both terrorists were wearing body armor. They were equipped with three assault rifles, three handguns, and 1,500 rounds of ammunition. According to reports from the Los Angeles Times, five years before he was killed, Nadir Soofi walked into a suburban Phoenix gun shop to buy a 9-millimeter pistol. Lone Wolf Trading Co. was known among gun smugglers for selling illegal firearms. Soofi’s had a history of misdemeanor drug and assault charges and was concerned that his attempted purchase might raise red flags in the federal screening process.
What Soofi may or may not have known was that Lone Wolf was at the center of a federal sting operation known as Fast and Furious. The purported idea of the secret program was to allow Lone Wolf to sell illegal weapons to criminals, terrorists and straw purchasers, and track the guns back to larger networks and drug cartels. Instead, federal agents lost track of the weapons and the operation became a fiasco, particularly after several of the missing guns were linked to shootings in Mexico and the 2010 killing of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry in Arizona.
Soofi’s attempt to buy a gun caught the attention of authorities, who slapped a seven-day hold on the transaction, according to his Feb. 24, 2010, firearms transaction record. Then, for reasons that remain unclear, the hold was lifted after 24 hours, and Soofi got the handgun.
A day after the attack, the Department of Justice sent an urgent firearms disposition request to Lone Wolf, seeking more information about Soofi and the pistol he bought in 2010, according to a June 1 letter from Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, to U.S. Atty. Gen. Loretta Lynch.
The FBI has refused to release any details, including serial numbers, about the weapons used in Garland by Soofi and Simpson, raising the chilling possibility that a gun sold during the Fast and Furious operation ended up being used in a terrorist attack against Americans.
Three hours prior to the start of the event, the FBI claims to have sent a bulletin through its Dallas command post to Garland police, informing them that one of the attackers, Elton Simpson, “might be interested in going to Garland”. They also stated that they “didn’t believe Simpson had left Phoenix”.
Garland Police Chief Mitch Bates said no one at the law enforcement command post was aware of the FBI’s bulletin on Simpson prior to the attack.
“We had no information from the FBI or anyone else that Simpson posed a threat to our event,” he said.
According to an FBI affidavit filed in federal court Thursday “days before the terrorist attack, Elton Simpson received a text from an undercover FBI agent. The message said “Tear up Texas”.
In addition to the fact that the affidavit clearly proves that the FBI knew about the impending attack, it also states that the FBI agent was at the Curtis Culwell Center and that an accomplice of Elton Simpson was communicating with an undercover FBI agent at the time of the attack. According to the affidavit, this accomplice “asked the undercover officer about the Draw Muhammad event’s security, size, and police presence, during the event”. The affidavit does not specify how the FBI undercover agent responded to these questions. This information has been withheld.
Pamela Geller, the event organizer, released a statement yesterday which said “While I do believe that undercover FBI agents have to play along with the jihadis they’re dealing with, because in order to be in an informant you have to have credibility, it’s a whole other thing if you’re encouraging and cheering on the proposed murder of Americans who are standing in defense of the freedom of speech, and then not doing anything about it.”
Her statement continued with “Why did the FBI only have one agent there? And not a team waiting for them to shoot back? They knew about the attack, yet they didn’t have a team there in case the jihadis started shooting? It’s hard to escape the conclusion that the Obama FBI wanted me and the other speakers at the event dead.”
““I’ve been trying to get my mind around this thing. What was Obama trying to do? Teach Americans a lesson? Enforce the edict that he enunciated in the wake of the Benghazi jihad slaughter, that “the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam? Did Obama’s pro-Islam FBI want us all dead? What other conclusion can be reached?” her statement concluded.
Based on the FBI affidavit, the recorded Fast & Furious transaction and the other known facts of the attack, it is not difficult to understand how some could come to the conclusion that the Obama Administration, through its agents in the ATF and the FBI, conspired and provided material support to ISIS terrorists intent on making good on the promise from President Obama himself that “the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam”.
I lost what little faith I had left in FBI Director James Comey following his press conference where Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton was determined to be above the law with regard to her use a of a personal email server. It is clear from the evidence that this was an illegal system that was used with the intent of hiding her email communications from congressional and public scrutiny. The crimes she committed with regard to her handling of our nation’s most top secret information would result in the prosecution and incarceration of any other citizen.
FBI Director Comey said on the Thursday following the terrorist attack that “Federal investigators knew that one of the two gunmen in an attempted attack outside a provocative cartoon contest in Texas might be interested in going to the event, but they had no information that he was going to commit violence”. He claimed that the information about Elton Simpson of Phoenix “surfaced hours before the contest”. He continued by stating that agency then sent an intelligence bulletin to the Garland Police Department, including a picture and other information about Simpson, “even though we didn’t have reason to believe that he was going to attack the event. In fact, we didn’t have reason to believe that he had left Phoenix”.
We now know that each of the highlighted statements above is not true. We now know that the FBI was aware of the attack at least 3 days prior to the event and that an FBI agent provided material support and encouragement to the terrorists. We know that the FBI did nothing to stop the attack.
Federal Government involvement and similarities between the ISIS terrorist attacks in Garland, TX , San Bernadino, CA and the Prism nightclub in Orlando, FL are earily similar.
According to the county Sheriff, Ken Mascara, Mateen [Orlando shooter] was reported to the FBI for threatening a local deputy and stating he could have al-Qaeda kill the police officer’s family. He then went on to praise Nidal Hasan the Fort Hood shooter. The FBI closed the case when it produced “nothing that appeared to warrant further investigation”.
Philip Haney, an agent with U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s National Targeting Center, opened an investigation into groups associated with the San Bernardino shooters. He claims that the investigation was shut down by the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security because “the federal government did not want to profile Islamic groups.”
I can see how the facts of the Garland, TX case can lead to the conclusion reached by the event organizer.
During my service I deployed on various platforms, including submarines, amphibious assault units and special boats. I participated in expeditionary and humanitarian missions to the North Atlantic, Iran, Beirut, Libya, and the Caribbean. I am a Patron Life Member of the NRA. I am an Oath Keeper Life Member.
This is some top-down treasonous voodoo my friend…looking at Kaine’s background, Huma Abedin’s Muslim Brotherhood ties…the assassination of Seal Team 6…the suicidal rules of engagement and all the other breadcrumbs all the way back to the squelched attempt by Reps Bachmann, King and others to investigate the MB’s infiltration into the highest levels of our gov’t. I support Barnhardt’s Rx 1000%!! http://www.barnhardt.biz/2016/08/08/cmr-barnhardt-interview-part-2-answering-the-age-old-question-firing-squad-or-hanging/
Working with the NRA and GOA we succeeded in defeating this legislation both here in Maryland and in the U.S. House of Representatives.
The lesson in Garland for us all: Were it not for one well-trained and very courageous “local” Blue…who knows what might have been?
PLEASE stop calling AR-15’s “assault rifles”. Don’t use the anti 2nd Amendment leftist terminology, it helps their cause. A = Armalite R = Rifle 15 = Model number.15
Bylaws Community Rules Code of Conduct Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2012-2018 Oath Keepers · All Rights Reserved
During a final day of testimony in an evidentiary hearing for the Bunkerville Standoff, it was confirmed that there was live video for at least four days of the Bundy Ranch house being played in Dan Love’s office.
The hearing was granted to investigate the allegations of the BLM and/or FBI destroying vital exculpatory evidence prior to their leaving the scene at the Bunkerville Standoff on April 12, 2014.
Multiple witnesses testified that they saw a large screen TV set up in the command center that showed a continuous live stream of the Bundy Ranch. This video has been asked about for many months, yet the government prosecutors have always said that it did not exist.
It was also stated that no search warrant had been seen for this video. This would only add more violations of these defendants rights by including the Fourth Amendment.
Once it was confirmed through testimony, AUSA Nadia Ahmed attempted to downplay the video, and even asked why it mattered. She stated that the camera was located on public land, recording a road nearby, and just “happened” to be pointed towards the Bundy Ranch.
Attorney for Cliven Bundy, Bret Whipple, gave an impassioned argument to dismiss the case based on this new evidence. “Three-and-a-half years and two trials and this is the first we learned there is a live stream,” Whipple said.
“In what plausible situation could there be a live feed and we only find out about it now?” Whipple asked. “It is Bad Faith!”
Whipple had been careful to specifically ask the witnesses about what they saw, or did not see, on the live feed. “On that live feed, did you observe any activity that would support the allegations of Conspiracy to Commit an Offense Against the United States?” Whipple then continued with the other allegations. Each response was a resounding “No.”
As expected, Judge Gloria Navarro discounted the new evidence and ruled against the motion to dismiss. She did say that attorneys could file a new motion based on the new evidence, but stated that the hearing was only supposed to cover the shredded documents, not video of the ranch house.
There are further questions on the belief that there is a second camera that was used by the BLM during the standoff. The government, as before, denies it’s existence.
Photo credit: Redoubt News – Rancher Cliven Bundy, 2014. (Photo by Shannon Bushman, used with permission)
Trial-of-the-Century Gets a Jury in Las VegasMarxist Nov. 4 “Revolution” Will Be a Massive Flop…BUT Lone Wolves or Small Terror Cells May Be “Triggered”
Bad Faith…. What else is new?… Everyone knows this Court crap is a farce… The Bundy’s are already convicted… Court is just a formality… Got to keep folks employed… Make it a public spectacle to set an example for others…
Please share this information! The more the truth gets out there, the harder it is for “them” to cheat. There are currently 8 articles on the Bunkerville trials on our front page. Please share by email or facebook. The judge was recommended by Senator Harry Reid, and appointed by Obama. That should explain a lot.
The Sisterlocked Sisters were full of enery and love as always, it's a wonderful experience everytime. If you miss this event you are miss a treat! I was so excited that I decided to get a hair cut.
This function is called for initializing the preferences. It is recommended to use this method to re-initialize the values that you set within the constructor because it is possible that there is multithread problem (see for example bug #156 in mantis).
This function is called for applying the preferences. After calling this method, the Preferences should reflect the changes made in the adapter. But not before.
Just letting you know it's the last day to bid on my Fallout 76 costume-made power armor helmet...th…
Voting is under way for the PPAI Board of Directors Class of 2023, and runs through September 17. Supplier candidates are Dan Edge, director of sales for Peerless Umbrella Company, and Bill Mahre, president of ADG Promotional Products. Distributor candidates are R. Renée Jones, MAS+, CEO of A Creative Touch, Inc., and Craig Reese, senior vice president of Jack Nadel International. One candidate from each category will be elected by the membership and will begin a four-year board term immediately following The PPAI Expo 2019.
Over the past several issues, PPB Newslink has been taking a closer look at each of the candidates and today the series closes with Dan Edge.
Edge is director of sales, North America, for supplier Peerless Umbrella Co. He has worked in the promotional products industry for more than 15 years and has served on the PPAI Supplier Committee as well as through the volunteer project pool. He is an active participant in regional association activities and is part of the Promo Kitchen Mentor Program.
Outside the industry, Edge has worked in retail, sales management and buying, and grew up in the family business—running a children’s day camp—assisting in all facets, including staff director, counselor and sales. He volunteers with St. James Church and local athletic organizations. Edge has coached local youth sports for more than 12 years.
In his free time, Edge enjoys running and taking kickboxing classes. His latest passion is boating, and he cherishes the time with his friends and family. Edge has been married to his wife, Elaine, for 24 years. They have two children: Abby, 20, and Connor, 18. He holds a bachelor’s degree in marketing from Syracuse University.
When asked how PPAI can best use its limited resources to fulfill the Association’s mission of protecting and growing the industry, while simultaneously ensuring the success of a diverse and sometimes disparate constituency, Edge said, “I truly believe an organization is only as strong as its members. With a membership of 15,500 companies, we need to find new ways to get more people involved. There is so much knowledge and experience to be shared and we are not tapping into the resources available. We need to find creative ways to promote volunteerism and make our industry more inclusive. A stronger and more knowledgeable member base will benefit all.
“Evolving industry education is paramount to achieving new levels of professionalism. While gaining more respect from the advertising community is important, we'll get there much quicker if we restructure the educational opportunities to include core teachings for new members that include an understanding of the supply chain; basic things such as how to properly read a catalog, understand pricing codes, and how to write an order correctly to suppliers.”
The PPAI Board of Directors election gives industry members the opportunity to select the leaders that can transform the Association. To learn more about the candidates, visit PPAI.org/election2018 and follow PPB Newslink for updates on the election.
PPAI | The Mark of a Professional. © Promotional Products Association International 2017. All Rights Reserved. Photographs and illustrations as well as text cannot be used without written permission from PPAI.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Mechanical Associates of Wisconsin, Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.mawimech.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Mechanical Associates of Wisconsin, Inc..
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Mechanical Associates of Wisconsin, Inc. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
Mechanical Associates of Wisconsin, Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:<br/ > Mechanical Associates of Wisconsin, Inc.
A helping hand has been designed to make life a lot less complicated. It makes your life simpler and easy. Just as you do not design your clothes yourself, and take the help of a tailor instead, the same goes for commercial property. It is best to trust the cobbler to get the shoes done on time. Same goes for the electrician. The electrician is the best person to trust in case of an electronic installation or repair job.
A proper electrical job, not only cuts down on the electricity bill but also maintains the aesthetics of the business place. However, not all electrical professionals are levied with the same kind of expertise. As your business differs from others, the electrical must also be picked taking the criteria’s in consideration.
Each and every construction needs to have a few changes from time to time. A wire may be hanging loose or a switch might be malfunctioning. In this case, it is often on the house owners to try and get the job done themselves. But this is one big mistake that they are making. It might save you on your cash inflow, but unless there the knowledge is thorough and experience is hands-on, this must never be taken up all by yourself. While minor electrical issues can easily be solved, it is always best to opt for expert help.
1. It saves money-hiring a professional, saves a great deal on your pocket, which can be put down to a great extent when you hire an electrician in brisbane. The reasons for these are varied. For starters, these people know exactly what supplies are required for your electrical maintenance along with their usage process. Every family has a room that is filled with all the rejected electrical waste. An such as Your electrician Brisbane can help you put these supplies and materials in the smartest way.
2. It saves time-in case you hire an electrician, you will be saved from the task of having to keep to get supplies time and again. You also do not have to analyze the fake watches problem on your own, thus saving your precious energy in the process. Any home improvement project is not meant to be eating up your time and energy, so it must be planned likewise.
3. It helps you stay safe-last but not the least, you must know that these can be hazardous and dangerous. Better to be safe than sorry after all.
There are no prerequisites or pre-approval for pickings an electrical administrator examination, so just do you greatest. Everybody feels that conserving oil for future generations and having electricians building the most efficient systems is a step in the right direction for energy conservation. Before you buy an electric blanket: ensure that it carries a recognized approvals mark. Your standard electrical feed from your power supplier would be balanced in installed by a professional electrician. There are no electric potential limits and the scope of the regulations extends from the smallest to the greatest measured so far. Earning a degree in electrician training in any area of the world is easy, all one has to do is search online to see which higher education facilities offer an electrician program.
Earning a single credential and ensuring that all licensed electricians are well prepared for any electrical task is what most electrical institutions strive for. Whenever you have not completed all sections of the exam, you cannot submit an application for an electrician’s certificate. It takes real hard work and plenty of studying to succeed as an electrician, but it starts with your interest in how things work.
Find out if the contractor has any unresolved complaints on file if so you may want to go with another electrician who could perform the job for you. The range of electric heating solutions gives most electricians fake watches plenty of variety in just that area of their job alone. Entry degree positions as apprentice electricians with electrical contracting companies involved in residential areas require the apprentice stay whenever the licensed electrician at all times. Typically salaries for a new electrician can range from $18000 – $38000 or from about $11 – $28/hour depending on experience and the cost of living in your area.
Generally, salaries to keep a complex electrical supply application running could be significant when the job is truly paid for what it is worth. It takes a couple of years to become a certified electrician, but then you can pretty much write your own ticket. Everybody feels like shouting over the recent developments where energy is increasingly being conserved and produced efficiently with the help of electricians. More specialized training is always offered to licensed electricians, this replica tag heuer helps them remain competitive and knowledgeable of their duties. Before entering into a contract for work to be carried out by an electrician the person needing the work done should be sure that they completely understand whenever the electrician is charging by the hour or for the complete job.
In determining the right electrician salary, you need to learn about the job description and other information on this job. Money does matter especially in this economic crisis, but in order to get to that, you must know how to get to that point. So aside from the salary capacity of a job, you must have the interest and the passion to pursue the career of an electrician.
To start with you must know what the general job of an electrician is. An electrician works on electrical wiring in buildings, stationary machines, and other equipment. Attaining this job requires that skill of being able to decipher the electrical system of anything involving it. This is a specialized job that demands the person to enjoy tinkering with electrical wires and systems for most of the career life.
The basic electrician salary is somehow in the low bracket in terms of the average national income. But with this noble work that sometimes is overlooked by many when not needed, somehow the income is second to the job satisfaction that they get. Starting annual electrician salary is $32,000 while the average annual income for most electricians is around $48,000. It is not really a bad income when you have a passion for this kind of electric circuitry.
For those more with experience and wider knowledge in this profession, a seasoned electrician can earn as much as $80,000 per annum of electrician salary. This is because there is a wide room for growth in this profession. More so for those who gear up to become a master electrician.
The educational requirement of an electrician is to finish an apprenticeship program available at many technical colleges. But to be able to qualify for such program, the candidate must be at least eighteen years old, have a high school diploma or equivalent. He is also given a test prior to enrolling in the said program.
During the apprenticeship program, it is not just about the electrical theory, blueprint reading, mathematics and understanding of the safety practices and code requirements that are learned but a lot of hands-on training. Electrical students basically learn from master electricians or journeyman the various tool and equipment used in this industry.
It usually takes about three to four years to complete best patek philippe replica the program and be able to handle the different tools of the trade without supervision. For most, it is like an on the job training already while still at a technical school.
Most know that working in this industry is dangerous and hazardous. That is why there is an emphasis on being very good at handling the hand tools and other electrical equipment, as well as the knowledge of the safety codes and requirements. This goes hand in hand with being an electrician from the entry level to the master level.
The electrician salary can also be influenced by how dangerous or hazardous a job can be. So those that are more exposed to higher voltage electrical systems like in the electrical companies tend to have high paying electrician salary.
Electricians can work part-time to full-time positions depending on the employer, while some that do have their private practice tend to be on-call for their services especially in smaller buildings or the residential areas. Electricians have a wide scope in terms of finding work, so anyone who wants to go into this career will surely have several clients in the making.
3 Day Vacation Ideas From Mumbai This structure, being inaugurated in New York today, will further travel to Berlin and Mumbai. new ideas, experimentation, and ultimately the creation of forward-thinking solutions for city life. The theme for Cycle 1 of the. telugu s 10th class students with teacher s sex videos ~ telugu or tamil auntys big boobs ~ telugu new
The Minnesota Vikings have committed to kicking in, with the help of the NFL, $400 million toward to cost of a new stadium. But there’s a caveat. For the Purple to plunk down the full amount, the facility needs to be constructed in the.
Talk about Travel is here to help at 2 p.m. Mondays. I have to be honest, I’ve done two cruises and wasn’t a huge fan. BUT I would try a Disney cruise, as people routinely rave about them. The problem is they’re super pricey during the.
Its platform-mate, the BMW Z4, dropped this weekend at Pebble Beach. But where is the new Toyota Supra? It’s out there, away from the glitz and glamour of the Concours, running around with the people, on actual city streets. Just.
This piece takes in the television clowns, singers and actors who populated Waters’s childhood imagination; follows with a detour into meeting Patty McCormack (the frightening girl Rhoda in The Bad Seed); cruises by the British juvenile child.
Last Minute Cruises provides a large variety of cruise deals.Find here your source for cheap cruises around the world.
Vacation Apartments In Puerto Rico CLEARWATER BEACH — On his first night out of Puerto Rico since Hurricanes Irma and Maria. the emphasis should be on building apartments, not houses to sell. "The housing market is the rental market," Trinchet said. "The for-sale. If you are moving and looking for High Rise Apartments and Luxury Condos for sale in San
To stop these kinds of attacks, Google is adding a screen to the permissions process that will warn users if the app is new or unverified—signs that it might be linked to a phishing attempt. “The ‘unverified app’ screen precedes the.
Book your cruise vacation through the experts at Direct Line Cruises. Find great cruise deals and more at DirectLineCruises.com.
Find cruise deals and cheap cruises on top cruise lines at Priceline Cruises. Expert advice how to save up to 75% on discount cruises with unbeatable cruise deals.
Find the best cruise and vacation deals on the Internet, make cruise and hotel and reservations online, and research vacation destinations online at Cruises.com
Cheap Cruises and Cheap Cruise Deals. CruiseCheap.com is a high-volume, cruise-only travel agency that specializes in cheap cruise vacations. The secret to our cheap.
Use Travelocity to book your next hotel to find the best prices guaranteed. Search hotel deals, read reviews and Wander Wisely!
Roam the seas on a cruise vacation today. Expedia has deals on cheap cruises from top cruise providers so you can explore for less.
Discount Cruises at Vacations To Go. Specializing in last minute cruises, cruises, cruise lines and cruise vacations.
It is the end of an unusually quiet summer here at NHG. A late, hard frost wiped out much of the spring plantings as well as this year’s harvest of blueberries and asparagus. The figs and asparagus were late and … Continue reading →
To create your own permaculture summer: Start with a good variety of fruits, berries and herbs that pretty much take care of themselves year after year. Add to that background of growth, some tender green leaves (lettuce and spinach will … Continue reading →
This morning I did my final pass thinning the tomatoes, peppers, collards, cabbage and kale down to a single plant in each starter cup and then I crossed my fingers that no fungi or pests find my singletons between now … Continue reading →
A dear friend is moving south of the border to live on the shores of Lake Chapala, said to have the second best climate on earth, behind only Atenas, Costa Rica. She wants to start a small garden there and … Continue reading →
As I plan and finish planting my fall garden this weekend I have to give a shout out to the tomatoes, red bell peppers and serrano peppers that don’t seem to care that it is the middle of September and … Continue reading →
Near North Riverfront MO Locksmith has a reputation for being the premier local locksmith in North Hampton. We’ve been active in the area for many years and have helped a countless number of homes, businesses and car-owners with their lock-related concerns in the past. We can be contacted 24 hours a day and can reach you no matter where you are in North Hampton in quick time.
Near North Riverfront MO Locksmith provides a comprehensive range of locksmithing services. Our services are high-quality and we don’t believe in charging you extravagant amounts for them either. We provide a range of residential, commercial and automotive services, apart from offering the highly-demanded emergency locksmith services in North Hampton.
Near North Riverfront MO Locksmith can help you with your car-related lock problems in quick time. We can unlock your car’s trunk or fix the locks on your door - and even your ignition lock. We will also make and provide duplicate laser-cut high-security keys in North Hampton. We also create and reprogram transponder keys.
Near North Riverfront MO Locksmith provides a range of residential locksmith services. We can help you with residential lockouts in North Hampton, if you need us in case of emergencies. We can also help if you need locks installed on your doors, windows, garage door, mailboxes or shed.
We can install advanced locks for businesses. We can provide advanced deadbolts, magnetic locks and install master key systems in North Hampton for easy access to your property.
Near North Riverfront MO Locksmith is a 24-hour emergency locksmith that is available at all hours of the day or night. If you need your locks changed at 3:00 am or if you leave keys locked in car in North Hampton and need to get in quickly, don’t hesitate to call us. Our team is well-trained and carries all the latest locksmithing tools needed to handle most locksmithing jobs with ease. They are familiar with a wide range of locks, and can have locks installed in a matter of minutes, in many cases. Our mobile vans are fitted with machines that let our locksmiths cut keys for you on the spot.
Generalized hypermobility has been proposed as a predisposing factor for hallux abducto valgus (HAV). Few studies exist to support this claim, especially in the case of juveniles. A clinical-based study was undertaken to determine whether hypermobility can be considered to be a potential initiating factor in the development of juvenile HAV. Fifty-two female subjects aged between 10 and 21 years inclusive were selected. They were divided into two groups, one of 26 subjects with HAV and a second without the deformity. The degree of motion in a specified direction for eight joints was measured for every subject, while visual observation only, was made for forward flexion of the trunk. A χ2 test showed juveniles with HAV are more hypermobile than those without HAV. It was concluded that while hypermobility may be associated with HAV in juveniles, its presence does not necessarily make it the primary predisposing factor.
NECTAR is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.
Items where Subject is "M Music and Books on Music > ML Literature on music > ML3790 Music trade" - NECTAR
Arabic Bulgarian Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Spanish Swedish Chinese French German Japanese Portuguese Russian Spanish
You are connecting to the IPv4 version of this website from the IP address 54.163.20.57. You can try the IPv6-only version if you want.
Monday 20th January 2014: 10.08am. Someone asked about my last post's assertion about coal being so cheap relative to other fuels here in Ireland, thinking surely gas beats it? So I figured why not supply some numbers which are my calculations for various home heating sources here in Dromahane, Mallow in € cent per kWh including VAT and carbon taxes:
Of course, getting the fuel converted into heat in your house is another matter, so assuming 30% efficiency for an open fire with standard back radiator and 70% efficiency for oil and gas furnaces plus central heating system and pumps (remember these use electricity too), this is the cost to get an actual kWh of heat into your house:
We have an old oil furnace here (certainly not a condensing boiler model), so I certainly think one can add 10% to the heating oil cost for us personally taking that cost up to 13.32 euro cent per kWh. Of course natural gas is much cheaper than oil, but we have no gas here in Dromahane, and bottled gas is much more expensive. Heating oil remains popular in rural Ireland for good reason - it's the only game in town!
However there still remains one more important difference: a fire heats a room, while a heating system heats a house. If you only care about heating a single room to warmth, you can divide the cost of a coal fire by 2.5 as it is very unlikely you'll turn off every radiator in your house but that for a single room. Natural gas is now about the same cost as a coal fire with a coal fire handily beating all other sources of heat, which is why those with natural gas heating may not light a fire each evening while those without will certainly do so if they're on a budget.
Let me put it another way: we might consume 3kg of coal per evening. That is equal to about 7.5 kWh of heat being pushed into a single room which is about the same as running a 1.5 kWh electric heater for five hours. With electricity, that would cost us €1.35 per night, whereas with coal that costs us €1.20 per night, an 11.1% saving. Which sounds about exactly right, thinking about it.
We cover Sunderland and the surrounding areas and are on-call 24 hours a day for all types of locksmith work, from burglary repairs, to lock-outs. Our focus on customer service and value for money makes us the number one choice for major companies and home owners alike. We aim to get to you within 30 minutes, and we're available 24 hours a day.
All our work is guaranteed with a 12 month manufacturers warranty on all parts and 90 days guarantee on all workmanship.
Our engineers carry a wide range of replacement locks and cylinders which means we can usually effect repairs and replacements in one visit, saving you time and money.
So, if you've misplaced your keys or find you're locked out, then we can get you back in without unnecessary damage to your property. Also, because we're local to you, we can usually get there within 30 - 60 minutes.
If your house has been broken into, more often than not there will be damage where the burglar has forced entry. In these cases there is an urgent need to make the premises secure.
Is your home secure? If you're in any doubt at all, why not book a security survey? Simply call 0800 0612 677 and we'll be happy to help!
If you've misplaced your keys or find you're locked out, then we can get you back in without unnecessary damage to your property. Also, because we're local to you, we can usually get there within 30 - 60 minutes.
Specialists in uPVC multi-point door locks and mechanisms, we carry all the necessary spares to repair over 95% of common uPVC door & lock problems on the spot, within an hour!
When it comes to your security, quality speaks volumes. We are able to offer British Standard, insurance approved mechanisms and all parts come with a 12 month manufacturers warranty as standard.
LockRite vans are equipped with key-cutting equipment and a wide range of common household and commercial key blanks. So, extra keys for the office or family can be supplied on the spot at a fraction of the usual cost.
We provide a full range of commercial services, from simple lock replacement to master key and access systems. We also provide reliable locksmith attendance for bailiffs and warrant work.
We use cookies to give you the best possible browsing experience on our website. By continuing to browse our website you accept you are happy to receive cookies from us.
When it comes to something as sensitive as securing your property you need to be 100% sure you can trust the person doing the job.
We are a national company with a UK wide network of local locksmiths who can be with you within 30-60 minutes (in most cases).
All LockRite locksmiths are fully trained in the latest non destructive entry techniques and are CRB (Criminal Records Bureau) checked so you know when you book a LockRite locksmith you are booking a trustworthy professional.
All work is 100% guaranteed with 12 months guarantee on all parts and 90 days guarantee on all workmanship. Customer services can be contacted Mon - Sun, 8am - 6pm on 0800 0612 677 if you have any queries or concerns about the service you have received from one of our locksmiths..
Call us now for a competitive quote and peace of mind you are dealing with a company that cares about your security.
All our locksmiths are trained at our modern, in-house, City & Guilds training facility to gain entry using the latest non-destructive techniques & equipment.
So, if you've misplaced your keys or find you're locked out, then we can get you back in without unnecessary damageÂ to your property. Also, because we're local to you, we can usually get there within 30 - 60 minutes.
LockRite can be on the scene within 20-40 minutes (in a majority of cases) to make the necessary repairs and change locks if needed.
Our locksmiths carry a wide range of replacement locks and cylinders which means we can usually effect repairs and replacements in one visit, saving you time and money.
All our work is guaranteed with a 12 month manufacturers warranty on all parts and 90 days guarantee on all workmanship
All our locksmiths are self employed individuals working within your locality. By choosing LockRite you are choosing to support local business.
1.1 Contract means the contract for the provision of the Services. Customer means the person or business as set out on the Job Sheet whose request for the Services is accepted by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd. Price means the total charge calculated in accordance with the rates or charges on the Job Sheet, or if no charge has been quoted then a reasonable charge, which excludes VAT where applicable unless otherwise stated in writing. Deposit means any deposit requested and/or taken for the provision of Services and/or Additional Work as set out on a Job Sheet. Additional Work means any additional Services that are detailed in a Job Sheet that are additionally required to be carried or a subsequent supply of Services at a later date. Services means the provision of services, along with any LockRite Locksmiths Ltd supplied Goods, as set out on the Job Sheet for the Price agreed. Goods means the physical goods, parts or materials supplied to the Customer for the Price agreed. Order means the details as set out on the Job Sheet. Completion and/or Completed means the time and/or date on which LockRite Locksmiths Ltd deems the provision of the Services completed. Terms means these terms and conditions for the supply of Services.
1.2 The headings in these Conditions are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.
2.1Payment is due in full on Completion unless prior written agreement to the contrary has been made by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd in writing. Any overdue payments are strictly subject to clause 2.6.
2.2 The Price due for the Services is as shown on the Order. LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reserves the right to apply a surcharge to the Price for any payment by credit or debit card, however any such surcharge payable will be notified to the Customer, by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd, before taking payment by card.
2.3 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reserves the right to alter or withdraw estimates or quotations at its discretion due to errors and omissions by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd, typographical, clerical or other errors or omissions in any website or other paper documentation or information that may be issued by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall be subject to correction without any liability on the part of LockRite Locksmiths Ltd unless such correction fundamentally changes the Customer's obligations under the Contract to the Customer's detriment in which case the Customer shall be entitled to cancel the Contract within 7 days of notification by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd
2.4 Any quotation shall lapse after 7 days, unless stated otherwise in writing, and may be withdrawn at anytime prior to the Customer's acceptance
2.5 In some circumstances the Customer may be asked to pay a Deposit. If the Deposit is subsequently not made within the required time, LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reserves the right to cancel the Order. If the balance of the Price is not paid, or the Customer cancels the Contract otherwise than as permitted LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall be entitled to retain the Deposit.
2.6 If payment is not made in accordance with these Terms, LockRite Locksmiths Ltd, without prejudice to any rights of the Customer, understands and reserves the right to claim interest and compensation for debt recovery costs under the late payment legislation if LockRite Locksmiths Ltd is not paid according to the agreed Terms and the Customer shall additionally be liable to pay to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd all or any costs incurred in collection of outstanding moneys including Solicitor's fees and disbursements.
2.7 If LockRite Locksmiths Ltd has agreed with the Customer that the Price will be settled by a third party and LockRite Locksmiths Ltd does not receive payment in accordance with these Terms, the Customer shall remain liable at all times for payment of the Price and LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reserves the right to request immediate payment of the Price from the Customer. Any responsibility for recovering the Price from the third party will then be the sole responsibility of the Customer.
2.8 At any time before or during the supply of the Services as soon as it becomes aware at the same LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall give written notice to the Customer of any increase in the cost to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd necessitating an increase in the Price which is a result of any problems onsite which could not reasonably have been foreseen or discovered at the time the Contract was termed or any change in specification of the Services which are requested by the Customer or as a result of any delay caused by any instructions of the Customer or failure of the Customer to give LockRite Locksmiths Ltd adequate information or instructions.
2.9 If the Customer fails to do so, or provides LockRite Locksmiths Ltd with incomplete, incorrect or inaccurate information or instructions. LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reserves the right to cancel the Contract by giving written notice to the Customer, or to make an additional charge of a reasonable sum to cover any Additional Work that is required.
2.10 No contract exists between the Customer and LockRite Locksmiths Ltd for the supply of the Services until LockRite Locksmiths Ltd has received and accepted the Customers signed Order. Once LockRite Locksmiths Ltd does there is a binding legal contract between LockRite Locksmiths Ltd and the Customer.
2.11 If the Customer is not a business and is private Consumer who is acting for purposes which can be regarded as outside their trade or profession then the Contract is subject to the Customer's right of cancellation. Nothing in these Terms will affect any Statutory rights of a Consumer:-
2.11.1 To exercise the right of cancellation, the Customer must give written notice to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd by delivering, or sending (including by electronic mail) to the contact details provided on the Order before the end of the 7 day cooling-off period. The Job Sheet has a cancellation form that can be used however the Customer does not have to use this form.
2.11.2 If the Customer has given written agreement to receive the Services within the 7 day cooling-off period then the Customer will still have to pay for the Services already provided.
3.2 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall use its best endeavours to provide the Services to a standard generally accepted within the trade or industry to be of acceptable quality. LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's liability in respect of any defect or sub-standard workmanship shall be limited to making good by repair any Services that are shown to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's reasonable satisfaction to be defective or sub-standard or to refund the charge made by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd for the workmanship deemed to be sub-standard or defective. The sole decision as to whether the remedy shall be repair or refund will rest with LockRite Locksmiths Ltd.
3.3 The Customer will take all reasonable steps to comply with relevant health and safety legislation and other rules and regulations where the Services are to be performed at the Customer's premises.
3.4 The Customer will inform LockRite Locksmiths Ltd, in advance and/or at the initial time of contacting LockRite Locksmiths Ltd, of any potential hazards or precautions needed at the premises where the Services are to be performed. LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reserves the right to cancel the Order if, at its sole discretion, assesses at any time that there is a potential health and safety risk and this cannot be reasonably rectified or guarded against without additional time or cost to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd. If this has not been previously notified to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd by the Customer then the Customer shall be liable for any costs incurred by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd up to the time of frustration.
3.5 The Customer will obtain in advance permission for LockRite Locksmiths Ltd to enter any premises, work on or over party walls, fences, boundaries and suchlike belonging to third parties, where appropriate, and the Customer shall indemnify LockRite Locksmiths Ltd against any claims of whatsoever nature made by third parties arising out of LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's presence on or over their property except where such claims result directly from LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's negligence. The Customer shall be liable to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd for all loss or damage whether direct, indirect or consequentially suffered by us as a result of failure or delay by the Customer regarding the obligations referred to above.
3.6 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may make any changes to the provision of the Services required to conform with safety requirements and / or legislation.
3.7.1 include a gain entry request from the Customer then LockRite Locksmiths Ltd will use its reasonable efforts to gain entry using non destructive methods. However LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall not be liable to the Customer for any failure to do so, or for any damage necessary to gain entry to satisfy the Order and the full Price shall remain due from the Customer even if entry is successfully gained by destructive means;
3.7.2 are to be provided in response to a water leak stop request from the Customer then LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall not be liable to the Customer for any failure to stop any such leak, or for any damage caused by such a leak, or residual water that may have entered any hidden part of the structure, either before or after Completion.
3.8 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may perform the Services in stages with each stage separately invoiced and paid for under the Contract.
3.9 The Customer acknowledges that painting and otherwise treating exposed or new surfaces resulting from the provision of the Services, including but not limited to any external timber parts is not part the Services, unless LockRite Locksmiths Ltd has agreed in writing to the contrary.
3.10 The Services by their very nature are often carried out in emergency, awkward, dirty or wet circumstances and in placing an order with LockRite Locksmiths Ltd for Services the Customer acknowledges, accepts the risk and agrees to not hold LockRite Locksmiths Ltd liable for any marking or damage that may occur in and around the area that the Services are to be performed as a direct consequence of the Services being supplied.
3.11 The Customer shall be responsible for the removal of spoil, waste, packaging or similar unless agreed by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd in writing.
3.12 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall have no liability to the Customer for any loss, damage, costs, expenses or other claims for compensation arising from any information or instructions supplied by the Customer which is, are or turn out to be incomplete, incorrect or inaccurate.
3.13 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall not be liable to the Customer for any unforeseeable loss or damages arising from the provision or non-provision of the Services, including loss of profit or consequential loss or damage.
3.14 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall not be responsible to the Customer for any delay in performance or non-performance due to Force Majeure (including but limited to act of God, war, terrorism, power failure or other cause beyond the reasonable control of LockRite Locksmiths Ltd).,LockRite Locksmiths Ltd will make all reasonable attempts to promptly, upon the occurrence of any such causes, inform the Customer, stating that such cause has delayed or prevented its performance hereunder and thereafter shall take action within its power to comply with the Contract as fully and promptly as possible.
3.15 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's liability in respect of any defect in the Services or shall be limited to making good by repair any Services that is shown to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's reasonable satisfaction to be defective or sub-standard or to refund the charge made by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd for the part of the Services deemed to be sub-standard or defective. The sole decision as to whether the remedy shall be repair or refund will rest with LockRite Locksmiths Ltd.
3.16 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd will attempt to keep to any stated or arranged commencement, completion, appointment, delivery, installation or other such date or time given, but will not be liable for any failure to do so or for the consequences of any delay. Any time or date given by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall be an estimate only and shall not be the essence of the Contract.
3.17 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may perform any of its obligations or exercise any of its rights hereunder itself or through any other party (including its employees, agents or subcontractors) approved by it provided that any act or omission by such party shall be deemed to be LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's act or omission.
3.18 The Customer agrees to fully and effectively indemnify LockRite Locksmiths Ltd, its employees, agents or subcontractors against all claims losses costs, including without limitation reasonable professionals' costs, and expenses made against LockRite Locksmiths Ltd arising from any loss injury or damage suffered by the Customer or a third party arising out of the Customer's breach of any legal obligations, clause(s) of these Terms, the rights of any third parties and/or the Customer's use or re-sale of the Services.
3.19 Nothing in these Terms affects any liability for death or personal injury caused by the LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's negligence or for fraudulent misrepresentation
4.1 The Guarantee is conditional on the Customer fully complying with it's obligations under the Terms of the Contract.
4.2 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd guarantees its Services, including any Goods that form part of the Services, supplied shall be free of defects for a period of 3 months from Completion subject to the following:-
4.2.1 The Customer shall inspect the Services as far as reasonably possible immediately on Completion or as soon as reasonably possible after. LockRite Locksmiths Ltd will endeavour to make any defects good immediately but where LockRite Locksmiths Ltd is unable to immediately make good then a return visit shall be arranged by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd as soon as reasonably possible. The sole decision as to whether the work is made good immediately or on a return visit shall rest with LockRite Locksmiths Ltd. Any defects that were not immediately apparent or where inspection of the Services was not possible shall be notified to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd in writing within 7 (seven) days of the Completion. If such notice is not given by the Customer then LockRite Locksmiths Ltd will conclusively presume that the Services are in accordance with the Contract and the Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the Services.
4.2.2 The guarantee shall not apply to any adjustment or otherwise of, including but not limited to doors, hinges, keeps or on repairs to existing parts. Additionally LockRite Locksmiths Ltd will not accept liability for old and/or faulty third party equipment and any associated faults or otherwise, including but not limited to warping and non-aligned doors or other reasons outside its direct control.
4.2.3 After the expiry of the initial guarantee period in clause 4.2, LockRite Locksmiths Ltd additionally extends the Goods guarantee to 12 months from Completion or such other guarantee LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may receive from the manufacturer of the Goods. This extended guarantee on the Goods does not include labour and further charges will apply if the Customer wants LockRite Locksmiths Ltd to provide labour in these circumstances. Goods are supplied with a guarantee that they are fit for the purpose for which they are manufactured to the reasonable satisfaction of the Customer provided they are used and maintained as instructed or recommended by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd and/or Manufacturer. LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's liability in respect of any defect in the Goods supplied or incorporated in the Services provided by it shall be limited to making good by repair or exchange or refund of the original Price of the Goods, at LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's sole discretion, any Goods which are shown to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's reasonable satisfaction to be defective under proper use and maintenance within any guarantee period: provided that such defective goods are promptly returned to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's address carriage paid, however LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may at its own option repair goods on the Customer's premises. Return carriage to the Customer on Goods repaired or exchanged under this Clause will be borne by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd. In the event of LockRite Locksmiths Ltd dispatching replacement Goods at the urgent request of the Customer prior to receiving the returned Goods, then LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reserves the right to make a full charge for such Goods and for carriage and handling if the returned goods are shown not to be defective in accordance with the provisions hereof.
4.3.1 if any defects that arise from fair wear and tear, abuse, the Customer's negligence, abnormal working, conditions, failure to follow LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's instructions misuse or alteration of the Services without LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's approval; and/or
4.3.2 if any defects in the Services that arise from a drawing, design or specification supplied by the Customer; and/or
5.1 Risk of damage to, or loss of the Goods shall pass to the Customer upon the earlier of delivery of the Goods to the Customer's premises or installation of the Goods in accordance with the Order.
5.2 Notwithstanding delivery or notification of availability for collection and the passing of risk in the Goods or any provision of these Terms, property in the Goods shall not pass to the Customer until LockRite Locksmiths Ltd has received full payment of the Price of all Services for which payment is then due.
5.3 Until such time as the property in the Goods passes to the Customer, the Customer shall hold the Goods as LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's fiduciary agent and/or bailee and keep the Goods separate from those belonging to others, properly stored, protected, insured and clearly marked as LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's property.
5.4 Until property passes to the Customer LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall be entitled to require the Customer to deliver the Goods to it and on failure to do so, within 7 days of such notice of re-delivery from LockRite Locksmiths Ltd, the Customer irrevocably authorises LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's representatives to enter the premises on which the Goods are situated and remove the Goods at the Customer's expense.
5.5 The Customer shall not be entitled to charge by way of security, or similar, for any indebtedness any of the Goods which remain LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's property but if the Customer does so all monies owing to LockRite Locksmiths Ltd by the Customer shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy of LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's, forthwith become due and payable.
6.1 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall be entitled without limitation to terminate the Contract or suspend, temporarily or indefinitely, any Additional Work under the Contract without any liability to the Customer and where the Services have been supplied but not paid for, the Price shall become immediately due and payable notwithstanding any previous agreement or arrangement to the contrary in any event that:-
6.1.1 the Customer ceases to, or threatens to cease to carry on business, makes any voluntary arrangement with its creditors, the Customer is placed into voluntary liquidation (other than voluntarily for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction) shall have a Winding Up Order made against it or if the Customer shall enter into any arrangement or composition with it's creditors or a moratorium put in place or if the Customer has an Administration Petition and/or Administration Order made and/or Administrator appointed or suffers a distress or execution to be levied on or a receiver appointed over any property used in connection with the Customer's Business, or being a Consumer, Partnership, Individual, firm or similar has a bankruptcy petition filed against it or becomes bankrupt;
6.1.2 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reasonably believes that any of the Customer's actions may cause financial loss, legal liability or damage to the reputation of the Customer or LockRite Locksmiths Ltd or LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's directly related business partners, agents, sub-contractors, franchisor, licensor, franchisees, licencees or similar;
6.1.3 an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver is appointed over any of the property or assets of the Customer;
6.1.4 the Customer breaches any one clause or more of these Terms and, where deemed remediable by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd, fails to remedy such breach within 7 days of a notice being given by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd to the Customer requiring such remedy;
6.1.5 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reasonably suspects that the Customer has engaged in fraudulent or criminal activity relating to the Services;
6.1.6 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd reasonably believes that any of these events mentioned above is about to occur and notifies the Customer in writing of such.
7.1 These Terms together with the Order apply to the supply of the Services by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd. Any changes or additions to these Terms or the Order must be agreed in writing between the Customer and LockRite Locksmiths Ltd once the Order has been accepted by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd.
7.2 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may change these Terms without notice to the Customer in relation to the provision of future Services and it is the Customer's sole responsibility to check the current Terms before ordering future Services.
7.3 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd shall supply the Services on these Terms to the exclusion of any other terms and conditions and any stipulations or conditions in a Customer's order which conflicts with or in any way negates these Terms shall be deemed to be inapplicable to the Contract unless expressly agreed to by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd in writing.
7.4 It is the sole responsibility of the Customer to ensure that the terms of the Customer's requirements, including but not limited to the relevant details in the Order, are complete and accurate.
7.5 LockRite Locksmiths Ltd will use the Customer's personal data for the purpose in relation to which the Customer has provided it. LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may however need to disclose personal data to a third party so that they can provide the Services requested, or to monitor the quality of the Services provided, or to fulfill a Subject Access Request, or to keep LockRite Locksmiths Ltd informed of offers or services LockRite Locksmiths Ltd believes may be of interest (unless the Customer has notified us otherwise). LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may additionally need to disclose information where there is a legitimate reason for disclosure (such as a court order) but LockRite Locksmiths Ltd will ensure that it always complies with any Data Protection or Privacy legislation in force. Any information about the Customer that LockRite Locksmiths Ltd may pass to a third party will be on the understanding that it is held securely by that party, in accordance with any Data Protection or Privacy legislation in force.
7.6 No failure of LockRite Locksmiths Ltd to exercise any power given to it or to insist upon the Customers strict compliance with any Terms of the Contract shall constitute any waiver of LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's rights.
7.7 It any provision of these Terms is held by any competent authority to be invalid and/or unenforceable in whole in part the validity of the other provisions of the Terms and the remainder of the Terms in question shall not be affected.
7.8 The Contract is between LockRite Locksmiths Ltd and the Customer and may be assigned by LockRite Locksmiths Ltd without the consent of or the need to give any notice to the Customer. The Customer shall not assign or otherwise transfer any rights, including without limitation benefits, or obligations that it may have under the Contract to any third party without LockRite Locksmiths Ltd's prior written consent.
7.9 Except as otherwise provided nothing in this Contract creates any right enforceable by any person or business not a party to it.
7.10 Any notice given hereunder must be given in writing, including by electronic mail and delivered to the residence, address or principle place of business of the party to whom it is addressed.
7.11 The Contract shall in all respects be construed and operate as a contract governed by English Law, shall be governed by the laws of England and subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts
If you continue to browse and use any of our websites (herein refered to as 'the RiteGroup websites'), you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern The RiteGroup's relationship with you in relation to these websites.
The term 'The RiteGroup' or 'us' or 'we' refers to Lockrite Locksmiths Ltd, the owner of the RiteGroup websites whose registered office is 8 Christow Road, Exeter, EX2 8QP. Our company registration number is 06345788, England. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of the RiteGroup websites.
The content of the pages of the RiteGroup websites are for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on the RiteGroup websites for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on the RiteGroup websites is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through the RiteGroup websites meet your specific requirements.
The RiteGroup websites contain material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in the RiteGroup websites which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the RiteGroup websites.
Unauthorised use of the RiteGroup websites may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time the RiteGroup websites may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the other website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of the RiteGroup websites and any dispute arising out of such use of the RiteGroup websites is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
The information contained in the RiteGroup websites is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by The RiteGroup and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the the RiteGroup websites or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the the RiteGroup websites for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of the RiteGroup websites.
Through the RiteGroup websites you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of The RiteGroup. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the the RiteGroup websites up and running smoothly. However, The RiteGroup takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the RiteGroup websites being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
The RiteGroup websites and their content is copyright of The RiteGroup - © The RiteGroup 2013. All rights reserved.
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the the RiteGroup websites as the source of the material.
The RiteGroup is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using the RiteGroup websites, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The RiteGroup may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
We may use the information to improve our products and services and to personalize your website experience.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the RiteGroup websites according to your interests.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website(s) in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
We may use cookies to anonymously record your website visit in order for third-party vendors, including Google, to display relevant advertising on other websites you may visit. This is known as 'remarketing' and is a system which allows advertisers to display ads which may be deemed relevant to you based on your past visits to third party websites. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings.
The RiteGroup websites may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Inhalt Welcome to Pirna â€“ the Saxon Switzerland City. Famous painter Bernado Bellotto (known as Canaletto) was absolutely taken by Pirna's historic old town.
Final week I presented a chart of house enchancment funding in actual phrases I argued that house improvement spending may fall 15% to twenty% in actual phrases based on earlier home enchancment slumps. These are nice tips. My favourite is changing the drawer and cupboard handles. We did that in our house after we moved in, and it made such a difference. Really, so did painting now I consider it, in order that’s my favorite too. 🙂 It is so easy to assume we’d like a major overhaul, when little issues can make an enormous distinction. An ideal hub!
You might wish to wash off the cover with steel wool in case objects connected are contributing to how slowly the tub is draining. Corral, Cecile B.. (2010). House Depot on Path to Recovery with Three-Pronged Initiative. Home Textiles Immediately. Retrieved from Ebscohost on Novemeber 25, 2011. One of many quickest rising prices of residing at present is energy, and as we enter the excessive usage months this cost only seems to sky rocket.
This can help to provide ventilation for the realm that has the water harm, and assist dry it out quicker. The intense warmth and steam from the clothing steamer will considerably lower down the work that it’s important to do; nonetheless, while you’re utilizing this method be sure that you focus totally on a single part earlier than you proceed to the subsequent.
From decreasing noise pollution to retaining warmth, adding energy-efficient double glazing home windows is a great way to avoid wasting energy (and money in your payments). If the plant is now not good for your landscape design there will be an issue getting rid of it. Usually, landscapers no longer want mature specimens as stock. The feminine plant blooms over all the crown and produces purple seeds the dimensions of hominy, all set in a bed of thorns.
Making an attempt to take away tile adhesive from tile is easy to do when you’re utilizing recent adhesive. Take care of any cards, PINs, on-line log-in particulars and different safety data to assist stop fraud and assist us to protect your accounts. This first effect it will have is to make the system dearer to run, because it won’t cool as effectively.
Get monthly discount vouchers and information about upcoming sales & new arrivals. We do not send more than two emails a month.
'Objects of Interest' is an online destination for the ultimate in international lighting & home accessories. The assemblage embodies a spirit of inimitability curated by a team of highly respected and renowned architects & interior designers.
Sign up & become a member! Every month, our members receive one discount voucher. They also receive emails about upcoming sales and new arrivals. We do not send more than two emails a month.
payment-american_express payment-apple_pay payment-bitcoin payment-dankort payment-diners_club payment-discover payment-dwolla payment-forbrugsforeningen payment-jcb payment-google-pay payment-laser payment-maestro payment-master payment-paypal payment-solo payment-switch payment-visa payment-shopify_pay
{{name}} {{{price}}} {{#if numerousItems}} x {{itemQty}} {{/if}} {{#if variation}} {{variation}} {{/if}} {{#unless variation}}
RT @MaxAndersson: Carmakers are already selling data about the owners of their cars. Fortunately they cannot do that in the EU without cons…
Your e-mail address will be kept confidential and it will not be sold, disclosed to others, or used for unsolicited mass mailings (spam).
Incoming more karate graduation pictures. The big kids are in the middle of a double cycle of their green belts, but Damon graduated from orange with honors to purple belt. And that means all three kids will be in the same class for the next three months!! WAHOOOOOOO!!
And that, my friends, is the sound of one thrilled Mama who will not have to drive to the next town away every single day of the week. Until February, anyway. YAYYYYYY!!!!!!!!
I'm a little excited, can you tell? We might even end up going only twice a week when the weather is bad. Can I just mention how over the moon I am about that!?
I know what you're thinking. That brown girl, otherwise known as the lovely Nina, isn't ours, as much as I'd like to claim her. However, you gotta see her kick like a girl:
Above, our friend Mr. Foulke, who is one of the instructors and who just received his 2nd degree black belt. Talk about fun to watch!
And here are Nina and Jonathan showing off capturing and escaping skills. Waaaaaay a lot of glee on that girl's face.
I really get a kick out of watching the instructors enjoy themselves. I know that feeling of gratification when the students "get it" and can show off. It was great watching these guys just beaming at the results of their students' hard work and dedication. It's one of my favorite things to see at the graduation ceremonies.
This is a shot of a higher belt class doing a long combination. I liked the high kicks and high hair, hehe!
There was a rather dramatic moment of despair when one made a mistake. Some of us are still learning that everyone makes mistakes. Some of us absolutely hate making mistakes and are harder on ourselves when we make one.
But, someone was really proud to receive his honors medal for turning in more than three of the types of homework and his certificate and new belt.
It's been a long year. This summer, we'd do karate in the mornings and then hit the pool with Nina and Jonathan afterwards. Early fall, Liam would get his reading-aloud minutes in the car on the way to karate. Now it's dark all the time and it's making it harder to get work done en route, because flashlights are super distracting to the driver (in OUR car, anyways. Dunno how y'all handle it.) We're trucking along, but as I've already stated, I am thrilled that we won't be making a million trips a week in icky weather regardless of the good things we're reaping from the lessons.
I think we definitely have honed more of a focus awareness, which is great, and we're starting to see how long it takes to really become good at something, which we hadn't experienced very much of until now.
Karate has been teaching us good things, the self-defense part of it being the smallest aspect, in my book. I love that they encourage reading and being read to, helping others, taking care of what you're supposed to be doing anyway, and more. It's been a very well-rounding tool for our kids and I'd definitely recommend it to others.
For Tokyo Marui VSR-10 G-Spec. ... This is single spacer,Not set. ... Do not use the 3rd party products.Because we design with Normal parts or PDI-products.
Truck Buyers Guide lists all types of trucks for sale, including Single Axle Day Cab trucks, Tractors trucks,and other commercial trucks for sale. The company has ...
Welcome to Magic Cram Academy! Any type or kind of role players are welcomed! That includes beginners. c:
He frowned his forehead. What the fuck was happening? "Make your sister disappear? What's up with you, Miko, seriously? I never kissed your sister. She was the one who kissed me, and she looked exactly like you." he said.
Miko shook her head. "Riko and I have fought for an extremely long time. She stole all my friends and my crushes and I don't want you taken away from me. " Miko confessed. " I'll go tal to her myself." Miko's hair turned back to its normal state and she smiled innocently. "I'm sorry for making you put up with me. Can you pease forgive me?"
He was confused now. Wasn't she mad and rejective just before? "Ehh.. Sure," he mumbled. "I forgive you."
He blushed as Miko hugged him. He softened totally up. "It's okay," he said and put his arms around her.
Miko's face fell blank. All this time, she thought that Akio and RIko, both, had feelings for each other. She was wrong. She gave Akio an apologetic look, "I'm sorry for misunderstanding."
He smiled at her. "It's alright. It was an honest mistake." he said. "I apologize too for letting your sister take advantage of the situation like that."
"NO NO NO! It's not your fault. I should've know that Riko would have done something like this." Miko sighed.
"Did she try doing something alike before?" he asked and leaned against the doorframe. "I wouldn't have taken her for that kind of person."
Miko explained, "Riko took all my friends from my previous school and turned them against me. She's hated me and I never understood why," Miko had a sad look on her face.
He looked at her. "I had no idea," he said and patted her on the back. "I wonder why she would do that." He frowned.
Miko sighed, "Yeah... I wonder , too.“ She suddenly remembered something. "Hold on." She held up her finger and went over to her bag.
He entered the room and watched Miko as she went over to get something from her bag. "What is it?" he asked, curious.
Miko excitedly retrieved the item and handed it to Akio. It was in a small purple box with a cute pattern. "It's a bracelet that has a cross and the word 'Love' on it. I bought it at Tokyo's jewelry shop. I have a matching one too." Miko showed him her wrist and the bracelet was clinging on to her.
<- His inner Akio went like this. "A bracelet?" he asked and stared at the shiny thing in the box. The thoughts came rushing through his head: He was a guy, no? Guys don't wear jewelry. But Miko looked so happy as she presented her gift for him. A gift.. From Miko
He carefully took out the bracelet from the box. Bit his lip when he realized that he'd probably end up breaking it and waste the effort Miko'd put into giving him a present. "How do you put it on.." he said helplessly.
This is Magically Roleplaying, a forum where you can create stories and the fates of your favourite characters from Harry Potter. Mix potions in the dungeons, if you're a spell fanatic, you might want to learn how to duel or just explore the castle!
Aurora was knocked backwards and skidded, so she ended up in a heap on the floor. She knocked her head and felt dizzy.
((Oh, ok, here's the EDIT: Gideon was petrified for a day, but then he raised up with mock anger again and yelled, "Stupefy!"))
(Nah, that would mean he had lost, put it like this: The spell caught his left shoulder, making him fall to his knees looking dazed. He pointed his wand randomly at Aurora and cast blah de blah )
Evanesco wrote: (Nah, that would mean he had lost, put it like this: The spell caught his left shoulder, making him fall to his knees looking dazed. He pointed his wand randomly at Aurora and cast blah de blah )
Ep 38: Linkedin For Magicians and Entertainers | Magician Business - Marketing for magicians and performing artists
Mark Williams is a LinkedIn trainer for top level business executives. Mark shares cutting edge ideas and strategies that magicians can use to bypass some common mistakes and to speed up your networking that leads to bookings.
Special offer until 20.2.15 … write your Linkedin headline and post it in the comments below on this page. Mark will do a free assessment and offer feedback and suggestions for improvement.
To get more Magician Business Podcasts sent directly to your device as they become available, you can subscribe on iTunes or Stitcher!
Please help by leaving a review on iTunes, they are really helpful and we appreciate you taking the time. Reviews help our podcast get noticed by entertainers, magicians and performing artists all over the world which grows our community.
A larger community means more experience to share with each other so please feel free to share your comments below.
Our locksmith experts are highly skilled and are truly trustworthy. Our reliable and fast locksmiths will be serving you anytime of the day and night. Hire our leading locksmith services at prices you can afford. We make sure to satisfy you with the use of the most advanced locksmith technology.
Our services are categorized into three: the residential, automotive and commercial. We provide new lock installation, lock rekeying, home key duplication, mailbox locks, lock picking, lock repair, and replacement. While for vehicles we have ignition key cutting, car alarm system, transponder chip key programming, motorcycle locks and broken car key extraction. For our commercial services we render peephole installation, keyless entry, card access control devices, security alarm system repair, opening and installation of vaults.
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you have full security. Hire the best locksmiths, work with us. Your best partner for all those locking mechanism difficulties will be us. We are willing to expand your horizons to meet all your needs. Dial our hotline to get free quotations (888) 909-6602.
This recipe is great on game day! My kids love them and that is saying a lot since they are really picky! You can add chocolate chips if you would like as well!
Requires agreement to a 3rd-party EULA. Command: Shifting Sands EULA. ... Command: Shifting Sands is a top-notch military simulation! ... play as a single, ...
It feels a bit sad to be finishing up our Olympics project, but I was really pleased to read my students' reflections and see the many things they learned and enjoyed!
Please accept the Java applet into the next window if it's required, & plug in your loudspeakers or headphones and listen to the infinite sound sequence.
The smallest objects that the unaided human eye can see are about 0.1 mm long. That means that under the right conditions, you might be able to see an ameoba proteus ...
Field of Glory II is a turn-based tactical game set during the Rise of Rome from 280 BC to ... Requires 3rd-Party Account: ... Single player and multiplayer battle ...
Congratulations! You're steps away from a reaching out to us here at Manston Golf Centre. Please share your information request below or get in touch directly using the contact information below.
£12.50 per head to include: Party invites, certificates, unlimited squash, 18 holes of Adventure Golf, hire of party room, accompanied round.
Party food with options of pizza, hot dogs, or traditional spread of sandwiches, with cakes, biscuits, crisps & fruit.
Download the Manston Golf Centre mobile app for FREE and access various exclusive offers and promotions. Available on Android and IOS, simply search for Manston Golf at your favourite app store.
Mary Brown continues to try to help with the same directory problem mentioned on 7-20-99. She calls twice the same day regarding it. Notice that she says I should not hesitate to call her and she will check her messages even though she will be out of town! That is service!
These two transcripts form part of a group with those of 7-20-99, 7-23-99, and 7-30-99, and my letter of 7-29-99.
Well for the last few evenings I have been working on this little proof of concept. One of my work colleague Ade (@6t8) came up with the idea “someone should make a game that you can play over twitter”. Well after abit of excitement and talk I decided to have a go at coding this idea. Once I had started I realised that it could be possible to do alot more with this, so I decided to make the project a little more generic and turn it into a pluggable bot for automating twitter.
CodeDrop came about mainly by accident. I wanted to see if i could create a 2D particle explosion effect. After i discovered how easy this was to do i decided to create a whole game around it!
This is my first ever project i did in DirectX. It was created again for a university project at the start of the year in 2004. I had ambitious plans for a dynamic mesh manipulation application so the user could create their own personal avatar for a MMORPG.
This was a tech demo I created for one of my final projects in my second year of university. Due to the severe time restrictions at the end of the term i wasnt able to do the project i wanted to (ToyTown MMORPG) so insted of trying to struggle and force a large project into a small time frame i decided not to do a MMORPG.
Our dedicated staff of experienced specialists and hand picked sub contractors enables us to deliver our projects on time and on budget.
Submit your email if you would like to receive a copy of our monthly newsletter. (Under Construction)
In the last pseudo-official yearly tally before we get the numbers from the 2010 census form you are filling out as we speak, St. Louis clocked as the 18th most populated metro area. Just above Tampa, FL and just below San Diego, CA…two cities that we would rather be than here. We thought this would be a good time to celebrate other 18’s like… The 18th President, Ulysses S. Grant [Read More]
Used by all sports teams, college and pro, production companies, theatre groups, for the moving and storage of valuable materials - uniforms, costumes, lighting, sound equipment, etc.
Excellent for a whole host of supplies and parts. Features hardwood runners and 1/2" thick plywood cover. Available with or without casters -- both complete with lock rod. FOB Shipping Point.
We offer a unique selection of gifts and products. Take a look around to see how we can inspire you. We hope you enjoy stopping by our store.
That’s an odd name for a photography business, isn’t it? One of the first questions I get asked when people hear that I’ve ventured out on my own to start a professional photography and graphic design
Would you like to associate this Facebook account with an existing user? We found an existing account using your email address, please enter the password to verify ownership.
The main objective of the 22nd Malaysia International Rubber, Plastic, Mould and Die Industry Technology Exhibition (Rubber-Plas Malaysia)is to develop the nation’s manufacturing industry with special attention given to the Small and Medium Industry (SMIs) to further develop and keep ahead with the competitive environment.
Profile for exhibit includes Mould & Dyes Machines, Chemicals, Resins, Additives, Colorants, Pigments & Dyes, Color Master Batches, Adhesive, Decorating Materials, Engineering Plastics, Insulating Materials, Hot Stamping Foil, Heat Transfer Paper, Film, Pipe, Sheeting, Foamed Plastics, Reinforced Plastics Materials, etc.
Manufacturers & Suppliers of Machinery such as Mixing Equipments, Extruders, Calendars, Injection & Compression Moulding Machines, Vulcanisers, Microwave dryers, Testing laboratories, Consultants, Producers, Retailers, Wholesalers, Exporters, Engineers, Research & Development, Packaging & Labeling Software Developers are the target audience.
Rentnow.My Serviced Apartments is located conveniently next to PWTC. RentNow Kuala Lumpur Serviced Apartments is the official accommodation option of the PWTC Blog and offers a selection of 2, 3 and 4 bedroom apartments for daily, weekly and monthly rental. Ranging from 800 to 1400 sq ft, guest will find themselves feeling very much at home in our luxury designed apartments. For added convenience our centralized location is only minutes walk from 3 major public transport rail systems.We also can extend the days and plan some Sightseeing Tours for you to explore Kuala Lumpur or our beautiful surroundings. For more information please see: http://www.rentnow.my
Food processing industry in Malaysia is largely dominated by small and medium industries, catering, mainly for the domestic market. Small and medium scale food enterprises have played a very important role in the Malaysian economy, particularly in terms of employment generation, better income distribution and as training ground for entrepreneurs before they invest in large enterprises.
Trade Visitors – Professionals related to the field of Packaging Material, Packaging Machine, Food Catering Services, Pharmaceutical Producing, Departmental Stores Managers & General Public are the target audience.
Cosmobeaute Asia-Malaysia is the largest and most important and attractive professional event for the beauty industry and spa sector. The event will be promoted to attract trade buyers from the region’s beauty and health and fitness sectors, as well as top-end consumers by invitation.
Exhibitors will be showing world-renowned top quality brands of perfumes, cosmetics, hair care, skin care, toiletries, salon and spa products and equipment, raw materials, components, packaging as well as private label products and services.
Beauty product manufacturers, importers, distributors, retailers, duty free traders, hotels, sports/health clubs, fitness centres and hair and beauty salons & General Public are the target visitors.
Malaysia International Food and Beverage Trade Fair 2012 , MIFB , an event is going to held at Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur , Federal Territory on 11 July – 13 July 2012. Malaysia International Food and Beverage Trade Fair 2012, MIFB is organized by the organization Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur , Federal Territory..
Beverages, Biotech Products, Canned Products, Chinese Herbs, Confectionary, Biscuit and Pastries, Convenience Food, Cured Meats, Dairy Products, Delicatessen Products, Food Ingredients, Food Promotional Boards, Fresh and Dried Fruits, Vegetable, Fresh and Semi Preserved Seafood, Frozen Food, Grocery Products, Halal Food, Horticulture, Organic Products, Preserved Products, Professional Organizations, Trade Associations and Chambers of Commerce..
Manufacturer, Importer, Exporter, Restaurant, Wholesaler, Supermarket, Fast Food, Bakery, Retail, Government, Hospitality, Research and Development, Policy Makers, Academics..
The Symposium is organized jointly by Malaysian Agricultural Research and Development Institute (MARDI), University Putra Malaysia (UPM) and International Tropical Fruits Network (TFNet) under the auspices of International Society for Horticultural Science (ISHS). It is also co-organized by the Department of Agriculture, Malaysia (DOA) and Federal Agricultural Marketing Authority, Malaysia (FAMA). The world’s biggest and most important postharvest event under the Commission of Quality and Postharvest Horticulture of ISHS is held every four years; the last one was held in Antalya, Turkey. It is a great honor for Malaysia for being selected to host the coming IPS 2012, the first to be held in this region.
The conference will be attended by fruit growers and producers, Food processors, Policy makers, Traders & Entrepreneurs. The conference will enable the participants to exchange their ideas on various topics related to the subject. Some of the topics of their discussions will be like Physiological and molecular aspects of plant/ microbe interactions; Pests and diseases management; Biological control; Quarantine & Food safety and security.
23rd Malaysia International Sign, Led & Neon Technology & Equipment Exhibition will be a beneficial for led and neon industry. They will provide high quality indoor and outdoor Neon Signs, LED Signs, Directional Signs, ACP Signs, Banners and Parking Signage. This exhibition will be dwell in 5000 sq. meter. 22nd Malaysia International Sign, Led & Neon Technology & Equipment Exhibition will be held at Putra world trade center (P.W.T.C). The exhibition will be authorized by Malaysia external trade Development Corporation, and will be supported by Malaysia food processing and packaging association. They will encourage the exhibitors to improve the quality of product and maintain standard of any product.
23rd Malaysia International Sign, Led & Neon Technology & Equipment Exhibition will be able to attract huge numbers of exhibitors. The exhibitors profile will include 3D signage, acrylic materials, binding & laminating machines, cutting plotter, digital printing & graphics, display system, EEFL light EEFL, inkjet materials, inkjet printer, ink, Laser engraving machine, LED light LED, and LED neon LED, paper products, photographic equipment, rubber stamp making, machine, signage system and software, and electronic signage etc.
23rd Malaysia International Sign, Led & Neon Technology & Equipment Exhibition will bring together many quality visitors. There will be visitors like manufacturers, Graphics suppliers, Engravers, Sign Buyers, distributers, suppliers, dealers, sign makers, Sign buyers, Architects, and manufacturers of Digital printers, Cutting Plotters, Laser Engraving Machines, Screen Printing Equipment, Vinyl Manufacturers, Inkjet Printers, Seaming Machines, Neon Sign Makers, and P.O.P Manufacturers etc.
Healthcare World 2012, incorporating Pharmaceutical + Natural Products Showcase 2012 and Medical + Wellness Tourism Showcase 2012 will be your lucrative window of opportunities to showcase your products and services to more than 10,000 highly qualified trade visitors and end-users. There is no other greater platform than our WORLD CLASS EXHIBITION incorporating 2 industry-linked showcases and 1 dedicated conference, Healthcare World Forum 2012.
Brands and products releases: Experience, witness and get to know the latest releases of innovative products in the Healthcare Industry Expanded trade mart & business showcase Extensive networking opportunities: 1. Buyer programme 2. Pre-scheduled appointment & business matching program 3. Hosted networking hours 2-days industry forum: Register and participate in the exclusive conference to learn about new products development, current trend, market analysis and business.
The tourism industry in Malaysia currently ranks as the second biggest foreign exchange earner of the country. As far as the results go, promoting its tourism industry has been one of the country’s success stories. In celebrating Malaysia’s 53 years of nationhood, its tourism industry certainly deserves due recognition for its contributions to the nation in […]
A Apartment is a well furnished, self contained apartment designed for temporary accommodation. A Apartment is well-equipped with all the basic and the modern amenities.
RentNow has just expanded their services once again, now offering new Sightseeing Tours, departing from the RentNow Apartment location in Kuala Lumpur.
RentNow offers low car rental rates and a fun, hassle-free customer experience when renting your car in Kuala Lumpur.
Despite the world economic crisis and recession in Singapore, its biggest tourism market – Malaysia attracted 21 million tourists in 2008, and projected growth is a positive one.
World Agri Trade Exhibition and Conference 2009 will offers a wide spectrum of agricultural products, services on display including latest technologies, latest products, latest discoveries in agriculture, business solutions for the unique needs and requirements for sustainable growth and development for the world to feed the world.
Overall, if you're thinking of moving to Malaysia or Thailand, considering simply ability to easily get a visa, ability to buy property on your name, more job options and higher salaries, Malaysia is a much better choice.
Malaysia Technology Expo MTE is one of the biggest and leading trade fair for Building Science & Technology invention and innovation.
Malaysian International Furniture Fair 2010 MIFF is a must see event for all furniture and furnishings retailers, interior designers, interior decorators, architects and product specifiers, Malaysian International Furniture Fair features more than 500 manufacturers, wholesalers and designers over a huge 35,000 square metres.
Most computers have a zip utility built in but if not you can download 7-zip for free here www.7-zip.org
Rishab Aiyer Ghosh, ‘Cooking pot markets: an economic model for the trade in free goods and services on the Internet’ (full text)
For steel plate in any grade, thickness or strength (including stainless & aluminium), we have your processing requirement covered…
Providing high quality new, used, recycled and aftermarket auto parts to the Greater Philadelphia area.
We carry an extensive inventory of new, used, recycled and aftermarket auto parts. If we don't have the parts you're looking for, we can get them for you! Our extensive inventory and nationwide parts locating service make it easy to find the high quality auto parts you're looking for. Search online, stop in and let one of our Automotive Professionals help, or give us a call and we'll be happy to help you find the parts you need.
No time to make it in? We'll ship your parts directly to you! We ship with UPS and local delivery services.
'Cooking Pot Markets', so Ghosh, entstehen als direkte Folge der offenen, verteilten Struktur des Internets: 'People don't seem to want to pay - or charge - for the most popular goods and services that breed on the Internet. Not only is information usually free on the Net, it even wants to be free, so they say. But "free" is the wrong word: like love, information, however free in terms of hard cash, is extremely valuable. So it makes sense to assume that the 3 million people on the Internet who publish matters of their interest on their home pages on the Web, and the several million who contribute to communities in the form of newsgroups and mailing-lists, and of course anyone who every writes free software, believe they're getting something out of it for themselves. They are clearly not getting cash; their "payment" might be the contributions from others that balance their own work, or something as intangible as the satisfaction of having their words read by millions around the world.'
Ein konkretes Beispiel für diese Art der Produktion und der Cooking Pot-Ökonomie ist die offene, kollaborativ entwickelte Linux-Software, die seit einigen Jahren auf Initiative des finnischen Programmierers Linus Thorwalds weltweite Aufmerksamkeit und wirtschaftlichen Erfolg verbucht. 'Net gods get hungry, though, and reputation doesn't buy pizzas. So what does Torvalds do? As it turns out, he was still in the University of Helsinki (in October 1996, when I first interviewed him; he's now with an American company where "it's actually in [his] contract that [to do] Linux part-time"). "Doing Linux hasn't officially been part of my job description, but that's what I've been doing," he says. His reputation helped - as Torvalds says, "in a sense I do get my pizzas paid for by Linux indirectly." Was this an academic sense, perhaps? Is Linux, then, just another of those apparently free things that has actually been paid for by an academic institution, or by a government? Not quite. Torvalds remained in the University out of choice, not necessity. Linux has paid back, because the reputation it's earned him is a convertible commodity. "Yes, you can trade in your reputation for money," says Torvalds, " [so] I don't exactly expect to go hungry if I decide to leave the University. 'Resume: Linux' looks pretty good in many places."
We fear, and thus caution the community, that there is much truth to the old adage that those who are unable to govern themselves will be governed by others." (Mitchell, Bradner u. Claffy)
chastisement on his children and household on Good Friday for the sins of the past year, gently or strongly as they had been obedient or not; hence the popular phrase, líðr að dimbildögum, or koma dymbildagar, = the dimmel-days are nigh, i.e. the day of reckoning will surely come; cp. H. E. iv. 180, 181 (note).
DYNGJA, u, f. a lady's bower, in old Icel. dwellings. Eg. 159, Nj. 66, Bjarn. 68, Rd. 270, Korm. 10, Fs. 88, Gísl. 15; in those passages it is different from 'stofa,' and seems to have been a detached apartment: [as to the root, cp. A. S. dyng, O. H. G. tunc, Engl. dungeon;--the common sense prob. being that both the bower and the dungeon were secluded chambers in the inner part of the house or castle] :-- Trolla-dyngjur, a mountain in Icel., a bower of giantesses. 2. a heap, dung, Dan. dynge, (mod.)
DÝFA, ð, [cp. Goth. daupjan = GREEK; O. H. G. taufjan; Germ. taufen; Dan. döbe; A. S. dyppan, akin to djúpr; cp. also dúfa, a billow; all these words are akin, but the Engl. dive is the same word] :-- to dip, with dat.; d. e-m í vatn, to dip one into water, Hom. 139, K. Á. 6, cp. N. G. L. i. 339; d. sér, to dive: the word is now freq., but rare in old writers, who preferred drepa; in Germ. etc. it is only used in the sense of christening = baptizare, prop. to dip into water, but never so in the Icel., which renders baptize by skira.
Filter software Net Nanny aka ContentWatch takes a moral stance about porn, “porn addiction” and gender essentialism. It is partnered with Focus on the Family. What happens when a government mandates the use of filter software that is owned by a religion? Read More …
The conservative party in Australia didn’t release costing until 41 hours before the election. And hidden in those policies is a mandatory internet filter. Worse than the one our government abandoned last year. Read More …
Following on from yesterday’s blacklist post… Wikileaks went down yesterday but it’s back up again today. I’ve just spent a bit of time going through the list again and making a note of all the adult websites that I’ve heard of before, ones that feature consenting adults or are run by adult companies that I know. The list contains 40 domains. The majority of them are hardcore sites, a lot Read More …
Two days ago I was complaining that the internet filter plan is sucking up my time. Damn, if that hasn’t been true today. At 11am the SMH revealed that the ACMA blacklist of “illegal” sites had been leaked on Wikileaks. Naturally I went straight there to check out what the government authority considers to be “prohibited content.” As is to be expected, the list is a fairly abhorrent catalogue of Read More …
You may have noticed that the blog has been scarce with posts recently. That’s because I took another week off, relaxing and trying to recover from a bad RSI attack. The house I stayed in only had dialup, which decreased my computer use substantially – and a lovely thing it was too. Now I’m home again and over the last couple of days have been sucked into the usual round Read More …
Once again I’ve got a bunch of things to write about and I’m just going to be lazy and bung them all into one post with a nice sexy pic to make it a bit more fun. First – they’re about to release the rejiggered Joy Of Sex. The New York Times has a great article about how the book has aged and it goes into some interesting detail about Read More …
Today I’m feeling optimistic about the future of the internet in Australia. Grassroots group GetUp has finally launched a campaign against the clean feed. They’ve already collected 32,000 signatures in a little over 24 hours and the comments are running hot on their site. Apparently they’ve had more emails requesting a campaign on this issue than anything else. There are now protests planned on December 14 in a number of Read More …
I’ve accumulated a number of interesting links regarding Australian censorship, statistics and hot websites so I thought I’d cheat and just whack them all in one post. Firstly, Catharine Lumby, one of the authors of The Porn Report, has given a fascinating talk about the history of censorship and porn to the Sydney Institute. You can find a video of the event here. While despairingly contemplating the state of Australia Read More …
The Australian government seems determined to go ahead with plans to filter the internet at ISP level, making people “opt in” if they want to see adult sites. While the story itself is distinctly biased, the 51 comments listed after it cheered me up immensely. About 95% of them are against ISP filtering, and all make the point that parents shouldn’t expect the government to do their job for them. Read More …
This month’s feature at For The Girls is about cybersex. It’s a fairly general article that looks at the appeal of one handed typing and discusses some of the negative issues like whether it constitutes cheating. The article proved difficult to research thanks to the bazillion Christian-based sites out there raving about the terrible dangers of cybersex and how it’s always “addictive” and ruins relationships. I spent over an hour Read More …
Three cheers for 16 year old Tom Wood who, in half an hour, proved that the new Australian government-approved porn filter isn’t worth the smear on an IT expert’s underpants. He’s shown that spending $84 million on compulsory net filtering software is a complete waste of money because teenagers know how to get around that kind of thing. If they want to look at porn, they will. But what I’m Read More …
I’ve spent a bit of time mulling over this interview between Susie Bright and author Debbie Nathan (thanks to Violet Blue for the link). They discuss sex panics and censorship and Debbie bravely puts the question out there about whether there’s as much child pornography as popular belief (and the government) suggests. It’s a question worth asking given that child abuse is being used to justify attacks on civil rights Read More …
I'm Ms Naughty and I'm the creator of numerous porn sites for women, including Bright Desire and For The Girls. I've been making porn online since 2000.
My blog documents news relating to women's erotica and porn in general, censorship and feminism, along with any other items that grab my attention.
Watch my first feature film The Fantasy Project - a lush exploration of uninhibited female sexual fantasies. Nominated for a Feminist Porn Award 2015!
Online since 2003, Pure Cunnilingus has been revamped and now features high quality pussy licking videos. Men going down on women is still rare in porn and this site is devoted to it!
Erika Lust makes amazing erotic films for women and they're available online at her site Lust Cinema, along with a large selection of other feminist porn films.
Pink Label offers a wide selection of feminist erotic films on demand. It features movies by some of the best-known feminist porn directors and the films can be hired individually for a low price.
On a microwave safe dinner size plate, spread the cream cheese, spread the prepared chili over cheese, sprinkle with the shredded cheese. Microwave on high for about 5 minutes or until the top layer of cheese is melted and bubbly. Serve hot with Tortilla chips.
Learn about all 5 occupational therapy schools granting certificates in Illinois below or narrow your search by program or city in Illinois.
September 21, 2016 May 30, 2017 Ocean Bream	love letters, Uncategorized	Tags: creative writing, fiction, flash fiction, love, love letters, love story, relationships, romantic fiction, story, story writing, teenage fiction, writing	2 Comments
Amelia was so quiet that she barely had a personality. She was all pale face and ashy hair, her mouth a tiny button and her eyes expressionless.
And that one time she spoke to Gideon, her voice like the wispy dryads of the willows, ‘Gideon,’ and she said his name this time, ‘Could I please borrow your blue ink pen?’
And when Gideon handed it to her, the faintest glimmer of a smile flashed across her face as she took it.
She didn’t return it to him later. She just left it on his desk on her departure from the class, her eyes, a deep chocolate brown, focused directly ahead.
Amelia was the sort of girl people speculated about, but then after months of staying in her shell she became known as the quiet girl. The girl who doesn’t speak. The girl who doesn’t say anything.
Gideon did not think she was anything special either. She faded into the wall behind her and her frail voice was lost in the excitable babble of hormonal teenagers. In fact, if it were not for her extraordinary powers, Gideon would not have noticed her at all.
She was a charmer, was Amelia. He realised this the day she borrowed his pen. When his eyes met hers, he could not look away. They captivated him, ensnared him in a net from which he could not escape. He tossed and turned at night because he felt drowned in those dark pools, but at the same time he was thirsty for more. He wanted to look into her eyes again and hear that voice.
If he were to describe her on those nights he was haunted by her, he would have said he was haunted by a particularly mischievous dryad.
She was not silent in his dreams. She laughed, as dryads would laugh. The wind and the roar of the trees in her trilling notes, always taunting, always mocking.
When he saw her at college her craned his neck for a glimpse of those intoxicating eyes. They never looked at him again. And each time he failed, he was left with a crushing feeling of miserable despair. Yet he would always try again, his hope forever rising, hot and furious, more determined than before.
How could anybody feel that way about a person who didn’t have a personality, unless that person was a powerful bewitcher?
September 17, 2016 Ocean Bream	The Story of Lenny	Tags: abuse, abusive relationship, anxiety., blackmail, closure, depression, emotional blackmail, ending a chapter the right way, life, manipulation, personal, physical blackmail, psycopath, sadness, self care, standing up for oneself, stories, stress, taking charge of a situation, telling stories, thoughts, writing	8 Comments
You can’t suffer for a long time, and up and leave suddenly with no explanation, and expect your life to go back to normal and the old you to return.
The old me is taking so long to come back and while I have healed marvellously, my dreams have not. I am constantly haunted by him.
And when I wake up gripping my sheets in fear and I turn and see my husband’s peaceful sleeping face next to mine, my relief is palpable. I thank God everyday for this wonderful, handsome man who makes me so so happy.
Perhaps I should have resolved it, and said all the things I needed to say. Because in my dreams, he is always springing up on me when I least expect it, and he is sobbing and accusing. I never told him how abusive he was to me. Maybe he thinks he didn’t abuse me at all. No. That’s ridiculous. He said once that maybe if he treated me better I’d have stayed.
Nu uh. No way. He was a horrible person and I hated him for three quarters of the time we were together. I hated him and feared him so I went along with it. He also threatened me frequently. And I was naive and young.
But oh how I hated him. So when I did get the courage to up and leave, by phone, I really was furious. He said he would drive to my house and kidnap me and I screamed at him. I had never done that to him, ever. I was always so meek and mild.
I screamed at him and hissed, ‘How dare you even suggest such a demented thing? Who the hell do you think you are? You do NOT own me. If you come here I swear I will call the police, I don’t care what time it is. My family is sleeping and if you disturb them because of your own selfish and manipulative ways I swear I will make your life horrible. Leave me alone. LEAVE ME ALONE.’
I was so mad, I didn’t care how loud I was. And he was silent on the phone. So so silent. I had never rendered him silent before, so that’s how I know my words packed a punch.
What a disgusting pathetic douchebag. And he cried so much. I had to listen to it for ten minutes before I guiltily said, ‘that’s enough. I’m going. Bye’.
Why did I feel guilty to hurt him? Hadn’t he disgustingly hurt me enough times? Ugh. He is a despicable human. And I don’t know why I am still scared of him.
I wish I told him what a disease he was. How manipulative he was. He thinks I left him because of my family but HELL NAW. I left him because I hated his guts. His horrible personality. That cringey way he used to cackle, so his brown teeth showed. But I was too kind and gentle to tell him so. I felt bad. So I didn’t think of my own happiness I continued to miserably pander to him. WHY DO I STILL FEEL LIKE I DID A BAD THING?
September 14, 2016 September 13, 2016 Ocean Bream	family	Tags: anxiety., depression, family, gossip, gossip is nasty, home, i hate gossip, life, personal, sadness, sensitive issues, stress, thoughts, writing	Leave a comment
I don’t like it. I really don’t like it. I don’t like knowing anything about anybody unless they have told me themselves, or they would be okay with me knowing it. Anything else is just nasty and I really could not care less.
Why do people feel the need to gossip? Also, why do they defend themselves by saying it is not gossip, just facts, when in actual fact it is gossip. Gossip is anything you say about somebody else without their knowledge that might hurt said person.
I would be hurt and angry and annoyed if somebody was discussing my private life with somebody else.
It’s also hard when a member of your family is partaking in it and they get very emotional/upset when you point it out and defend themselves by lecturing me about ‘self-righteousness’ and listing all the reasons why it is ok to talk about what they talked about. I don’t want to hurt or offend anybody in my family.
I just really REALLY don’t care about that information. I don’t want to talk about it or why its okay to talk about it. It is not okay. It is not our life. It is somebody else’s life. I don’t give a flying rat’s bottom what other people do with their lives. I can’t stress this enough. I don’t care so much that I will cry if I hear any more information I don’t need to. It is clutter for my brain.
Can’t we talk about something else, instead of other people’s lives? Why must we speculate on why they do things? Especially when we know nothing of their lives.
September 13, 2016 May 30, 2017 Ocean Bream	love letters	Tags: blossoming romance, creative writing, family, friendship, home, hope, life, love, love letter, love letters, marriage, nature, oooooh romance, personal, relationships, romance, romantic story, short story, story, summer, thoughts, writing	3 Comments
Pip, I have known you for approximately six years. And forty seven days. And three and a half hours (at the time of writing this).
We were both looking at the same teapot. It was yellow and had blue spots on and I remember thinking you had to be a certain kind of person with a certain kind of taste to like such a teapot because let me tell you, it was hideous.
And I said, ‘I wouldn’t be a gentleman if I took it when a young lady has her eye on it. It would be daylight robbery.’
‘Sure.’ You were nonchalant. Casual. You even shrugged and that is when I noticed the apple green jacket you are wearing. It was hideous also. (Please don’t hate me. We have discussed the ways colours are worn. And apple green blazers were out of the question. I even made a graph. Please see attached piece of paper for reference.)
‘Let’s buy this thing.’ You picked it up gently and as I reached into my pocket to take out my wallet my elbow jerked yours and it slipped out of your hands and fell down, down down onto the brightly polished John Lewis floors.
‘Ah well,’ you said, ‘I was only looking at it because I was curious about something so ugly. Good riddance, I say! I’m Pip. What’s your name?’
Of course we had to pay for that ugly yellow polka dot tea pot. It was atrocious. And then for your birthday present a year later I got you a similar teapot which you use for your indoor geraniums. It was from John Lewis and you killed yourself laughing at it and told me I was a money waster because there was no way you would use that for anybody. It could never grace your table.
I remember asking you all wounded, like, ‘What, not even for the reason that it was graced by my hands?’ I was also slightly flirting even though we were firm friends by then, but I could not resist. I can never resist you, Pip.
I am writing to tell you that I want to marry you. I can’t say it to your face because you have beautiful eyes and I know exactly how they will look at me and I will not be able to help myself because I will kiss you and then I will be done for. I know you will be impatient with that and tell me that is nonsense and of course I can help myself but I will not want to. Help myself. At all.
Also I asked my aunt if she read those French books I gave her and she said yes, they were lovely books. You were right. She didn’t read them. Else she would have called me to lecture me horrendously about them. Lovely books indeed. She asks about you a lot and tells me I should marry you quicktimes before you grow too old to have kids.
So back to my fate. You are my fate either way. If you say yes then it will have been a good fate and if you say no I will be broken hearted forever and when I do eventually heal and marry somebody for realsies I will still remember you as the first ever woman who broke my heart.
You know love is a strange thing. So strange. I used to think I loved a woman before. I was seventeen. She wasn’t particularly beautiful but I was infatuated by her and loved her to pieces but she always treated me badly. And one day she went too far and I discovered she was sleeping with a right old tramp of a fellow, but I forgave her. Well I told her I did but I don’t think I really did. Something inside of me snapped that day. She walked on me one too many times. And three miserable months of forced smiles and fake kisses later I met you and the day afterwards she wanted to see me and I called her and I said, ‘I can’t. I can’t do this anymore.’
And when I was with her I thought there could never be anyone else because she was my first love. But it was meagre and ridiculous and pathetic and also desperate. Compared to what I feel about you. I am crazy about you. I look at you and I see my future. And I want to spend all my time with you and walk home from work with you and call you every single day but I stop myself because I don’t want you to get sick of me. I also want to kiss your forehead. It is so gentle and smooth and beautiful.
But see, if we were married I could call you everyday and it wouldn’t be weird, right? I could also kiss your forehead and it would be comfortable.
September 12, 2016 September 10, 2016 Ocean Bream	stories	Tags: characterisation, conversation story, creative writing, family, friendship, life, people, personal, reflection, short story, short story writing, story, story told through conversation, thoughts, writing	4 Comments
Yeah. It was weird. Like we had parallel lives in the same houses and we just accepted that there were two of us. Like you would say, ‘oh the other me went to the shops today. I’m so glad she did because I really needed knickers.’
Well not really when you think about it because it is you, just another you. You’re the same, though. Same person.
Hear me out okay? She stepped out of your mirror and then she started just being you but in a non threatening way. She just did the things you didn’t like doing, like, I dunno, buying knickers..
And going to work for you when you really don’t want to and doing your taxes and all that. And she doesn’t complain because she is YOU, just the reflection version. So you are still doing all of that only now you have double the man power and double the brain power and double the hair and nails and feet and fingers. So, really, you would be at an advantage. Imagine cooking dinner, you could just relax and read a book and you could also chop onions and fry vegetables.
Hmmm, yes. That could be a possibility. You have a real whole functioning brain that is pretty much a spare brain so why WOULDN’T you want to become your own separate person?
September 11, 2016 September 10, 2016 Ocean Bream	The Story of Lenny	Tags: anxiety., family, home, hope, life, living situation, marriage, non descriptive poem, personal, poem, sadness, stress, summer, T, thoughts, tired, tiredness, word poem, words, writing	1 Comment
September 10, 2016 September 10, 2016 Ocean Bream	family, Uncategorized	Tags: anger, angry, annoyance, family, family life, furious, fury, greviance, intrusive family, life, marriage, personal, rant, self care, thoughts, writing	Leave a comment
I am pissed off at my husband because he is a grown ass man who doesn’t know how to take care of himself and HE IS PISSING ME OFF BECAUSE WHAT TWENTY FIVE YEAR OLD MAN DOESN’T KNOW HOW TO FRY AN EGG.
I mean, alright, you don’t know how to cook and nor do you care for cooking, that’s fine. It isn’t for everybody. BUT CRISPS!? REALLY!? At least buy salad or a healthy takeaway. At the very least. Or even instant noodles with frozen veggies thrown in. Or a healthy ready-made microwave meal.
Also, why do mothers encourage such ridiculous behaviour. Or excuse it and laugh it off or get offended when I mention how ridiculous it is. OFFENDED? REALLY? I refuse to worry about what he is EATING when he is away from me. He is not TWO.
Also I NEED MY OWN PLACE THIS IS GETTING RIDICULOUS I HAVE NO MARRIAGE PRIVACY AND EVERYBODY IS ALL UP IN MY BUSINESS AND I AM SO FRIGGIN MAD I COULD KILL A MAN AND ROAST HIM.
September 9, 2016 September 7, 2016 Ocean Bream	family	Tags: anxiety., cupcakes, cupcakes make me happy, delicious cupcakes with frosting, depression, eating emotions, family, home, hope, life, love, marriage, musings, nature, personal, relationships, sadness, stress, stress eating, thoughts, work, writing	7 Comments
Well, no, I do have a story. But it is shredded to pieces and I am too tired and emotionally drained to pick anything up. Also my heart feels like a heavy sack that is sinking low into my abdomen and it is making me feel sick.
So I am eating cupcakes to mask the pain only the cupcakes make the pain worse. There are vanilla ones with a vanilla buttercream frosting, topped with strawberries and blueberries. There are chocolate ones which came out beautifully glossy, with a sheen of chocolate icing. And a sprinkling of chocolate curls.
Well, cupcakes are delicious and delicious things are good for you – within a respectable limit, of course.
Listen up, folks. Adulting is about dealing with your problems and communicating with those who are important to you, also not being afraid of confrontation. I am terrified of confrontation.
But, Mr Damian, I have plenty to talk to you about and I will talk to you about it. I will. I must. I can’t not.
September 8, 2016 September 7, 2016 Ocean Bream	family	Tags: anxiety., family, friendship, friendships, home, hope, life, love, making friends, marriage, musings, personal, relationships, stress, suspicion, suspicious friends, thoughts, trust, trust in relationships, trust issues, trust problems and suspicion, writing	4 Comments
Maybe it is that I don’t know who to trust, and can’t suss out a person well enough before I make the mistake of trusting them. Or maybe it is just that I have not yet met a decent person who I can fully trust yet.
Once a personal secret exits my mouth, I know it is no longer in my hands. I have no control over the dung tornado that might take place and I cannot handle not being in control of my own personal business.
Also, side thought, wow. I can say I have known somebody for sixteen years. Can you believe that? It wasn’t so long ago that I myself had only been walking this planet for sixteen years. Where have six years gone!?
I am not sure why this is. I have certainly been betrayed in the past. I have moved around quite a lot and lived in three different countries because of my father’s line of work. Also I find it disconcerting when I have confided in somebody for them to constantly bring up my private business when they have no business doing that. It is ill mannered and downright rude. Also it makes me realise that they are petty people who cannot behave like adults even though they have been for quite some time.
My issue with trust has meant that I have more acquaintances than friends, because I am afraid of divulging too much information about myself. Also, in this city that I live in, news gets around surprisingly fast. The other day a stranger walked up to me and knew my name and asked me how did it feel to be married so young and was my marriage doing okay?
I didn’t know this busybody of a woman. Nor did I care to. Also I have been married two years now (almost three) and it is getting SO DAMN TIRING hearing people I don’t know very well asking the same old question over and over again.
‘Sorry, do I know you?’ I said to the lady, as politely as I could. Apparently her husband’s cousin works with me, and she used to be my mother in law’s neighbour. Well, I told her it was fine then excused myself and walked on.
You see? People are nosy and not to be trusted. I mean, if she knows me, could she not have introduced herself and spoken about something else? Also, I see her at work now and all she does is ask nosy questions about my marriage and when I am planning on having kids and whether or not I have had any problems yet.
Well. It is not all salt and vinegar. There are some very lovely, loyal, trustworthy people about who I can completely trust and who would never ever betray that trust. And they are certainly worth holding on to.
September 7, 2016 September 5, 2016 Ocean Bream	writing	Tags: book characters, characterisation, creative writing, Daily Writing Challenge, delilah green, descriptive writing, experimenting with writing styles, life, my characters, styles of writing, twig, twig blackadder, writing	2 Comments
That was Delilah. She did not always speak in a lilting tone. It only happened when she was either particularly annoyed, or uncommonly sad. Today, on this fine bright sunny May’s day, she was particularly annoyed. The object of her annoyance? Hmm, let us observe him.
He is walking along with quite a swagger, his hands stuffed deep into the blue pockets of his very baggy blue jeans. His white T-shirt hangs loosely over his skinny frame, and a shock of what looks to be very white hair obscures half his face and all of his neck. He is walking along the pavement, away from Delilah.
Let us now describe Delilah. She is slight of build. Her hair is very dark, and falls over her face in softly curling waves. The large, baggy hoody she wears hangs over the black jeans beneath. On her feet she has placed a pair of scuffed black trainers. Her face is sharp and clearly defined; her features small and pretty. Her dark eyes are fringed with thick, long lashes. Her translucent skin reveals, beneath those strange, glittery eyes, a network of pale blue veins. The unusual emphasis of these blue veins gives her a slightly unearthly look.
Twig does not turn at the call of Delilah. He ambles along, smiling at the sky and to his front, but he never looks back. You can see that Delilah is now frowning deeply, seeming quite annoyed. She stares after Twig, her frown deepening somewhat menacingly. She is not holding her breath, but in her mind is planning all the atrocities she will commit against such rudery. Oh, wait! It seems like she has NOT been thinking of atrocities, but was instead debating whether or not to call Twig again! Ah, she has reached her decision. Here we go…
Twig can be seen to jump in fright, clutch his arms to his chest and whip round. We can now see his face. It is as sharp featured as Delilah’s. But where Delilah was dark, Twig is not. He has a pair of striking eyes, the colour of cornflowers. His eyebrows and eyelashes are as white as his hair. He, in short, looks the very picture of total and complete terror. His eyes alight on Delilah pretty quickly, and his shoulders sag in relief.
“Oh”, he says, scratching his head, his other hand reaching for the safe haven of his pocket, “S’you”
Twig can be seen to roll his eyes. Delilah, if you must know, is a bit of a drama queen. I think it has become quite apparent to you already, actually.
“Alright” Twig says, meekly. He gives a little smile to indicate that all is well back at the ranch.
Delilah hands him an envelope that she had pulled out of her brown satchel over the course of her short admonishment. Eyebrows raised, Twig takes it.
“Fair enough” Delilah replies. Twig heaves a sigh of relief, stuffs the envelope into his pocket where it miraculously fits, and turns and carries on. He can feel his mind sink back into the dreamy state it had been in before Delilah had rudely interrupted him. A haze of blue obscures his vision, and a thin yellow path reveals itself to him as the direction he should be walking in, so that he avoids any obstacles. To you, as a mere outsider, his face looks blank. His eyes dart from here to there, unseeing and glassy. Twig, as it were, is walking in a bubble that is his own, sweet, serene world.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (2) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (7) May 2018 (3) April 2018 (5) March 2018 (8) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (3) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (10) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (11) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (13) March 2017 (17) February 2017 (16) January 2017 (9) December 2016 (9) November 2016 (14) October 2016 (13) September 2016 (15) August 2016 (18) July 2016 (13) June 2016 (21) May 2016 (24) April 2016 (23) March 2016 (26) February 2016 (30) January 2016 (23) December 2015 (18) November 2015 (16) October 2015 (15) September 2015 (7) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (3) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (6) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (2) September 2014 (1) June 2014 (2) May 2014 (5) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (11) December 2013 (17) November 2013 (2)
this method exceptional promoting is 15-80% off. We would suggest Tahari Seam Leather Jacket. really good price from the model is special nordstrom.com. Guaranteed customer satisfaction. Integrated! Price Tahari Seam Leather Jacket starting at Oct 2017 baht with regard to you to get goods from a great many other stores, you are ready to update upon November 12, 2018, 3:02 pm.
Shop for Tahari Seam Leather Jacket Ads promptly. Free of charge shipping and returns on " Tahari Seam Leather Jacket Online Wholesale " for you purchase it today!. Find more Best Lower Price and More Campaign for Tahari Seam Leather Jacket Online Check Price
This is certainly Tahari Seam Leather Jacket Sale Brand New for the favorite. Here you'll find affordable product specifics. One more selection for your online shopping. Due to everyone who came to check out us to view our products.
Offer you ends 31st December 2017. Provide Information > New Extremely Home Insurance coverage buyers only. If your mani is a tiny less than ideal, look no further. These base coats will fix every nail dilemma, basic or not. Take pleasure in complimentary two day shipping and free of charge returns on all orders. Not entirely happy? We've produced returning things as easy as possible.
You have attempted to log in as well many times. Please attempt once again later. This almost did not make our round-up simply because we're the value-tag is enormous, but actually this restricted edition coat in best-notch Tahari Seam Leather Jacket nappa leather is totally gorgeous. With a straight cut style and belt to cinch in at the waist, it really is built to final also. Error: Zip is needed. Error: Please sort Tahari Seam Leather Jacket a valid zip code.
Subscribe to be the first to hear about our exclusive offers and latest arrivals. Plus, once you join you will receive a coupon code for 20% off your first order.
dana point chet frohlich orange county california baby beach pilgrim ocean institute doheny state beach harbor boats students education center parks and recreation visitors tourists vacation paddleboarding bluffs sea adventures events sailing non-profit organization spirit of dana point sea explorer coast tall ships topsail scooner
What's a week without Dana worrying about Asteroids? The Washington Post recently reported that Huntington Beach/Long Beach Congressman Dana Rohrabacher (R-Skipped Vietnam Combat Duty but tells voters “I've bled for this country”) is trying to get tens of millions of dollars more in federal funding for Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico. The place houses the “world's largest and most sensitive” (ahhhh) radio telescope that can track space activity, according to the Post. Rohrabacher tells the paper that there are “objects coming from space that could cause colossal loss of lives on our planet.” It's a damn good thing that there is nothing currently on earth causing the colossal loss of life that requires our financial attention.
Is UC Irvine's Leader a Liar and a Coward? Biggest story of the week in OC is the eyebrow-raising hiring/firing of famed constitutional scholar Erwin Chemerinsky as the first dean of the new law school at UC Irvine. Garrett Therolf and Henry Weinstein of the LA Times report today on circus-like flop-flops of UCI Chancellor Michael V. Drake. Apparently, Drake told Chemerinsky–a prominent liberal–that he had underestimated conservative outrage of the hiring. Now, according to the Times, Drake is claiming there was no outside influence. Even conservative law professors and commentators told the paper that Drake had blundered for withdrawing his offer to Chemerinsky. Marla Jo Fisher at the OC Register sorts lightly through various conspiracy angles–was Irvine Co. Lord Donald Bren, a conservative Republican billionaire–behind the sacking? Of course not, claimed Bren spokesman Larry Thomas, nicknamed years ago “Lyin' Larry” by my former colleague Matt Coker. (Pipe in the evil-themed Star Wars soundtrack here.) Or was powerful OC GOP boss Michael J. Schroeder–AKA “Vader”–involved? Hmmm. “I think [Drake] made the right call,” he told Fisher. The LA Times editorial folks went ballistic over the firing in a column today, “UC Irvine's Cowardice.” It's so rare when OC issues penetrate–rile!–our friends on Spring Street. They called Drake's move “an act of intellectual cowardice and self-destruction that brands the school as a haven for political correctness and threatens its academic integrity two years before it even opens its doors.” If you're undecided about Drake's credibility, consider that Chemerinsky said the chancellor asked him to lie about events and claim they had mutually agreed to part ways. Nice to know UCI's leader is a fibber.
This Dog Has Legs: On KPCC radio (89.3 FM) Air Talk's Larry Mantle interviews Chemerinsky sometime after 10 a.m.
R. Scott Moxley’s award-winning investigative journalism has touched nerves for two decades. An angry congressman threatened to break Moxley’s knee caps. A dirty sheriff promised his critical reporting was irrelevant and then landed in prison. The U.S. House of Representatives debated his work. Federal prosecutors credited his stories for the arrest of a doctor who sold fake medicine to dying patients. Moxley has won Journalist of the Year honors at the Los Angeles Press Club; been named Distinguished Journalist of the Year by the LA Society of Professional Journalists; and hailed by two New York Times Magazine writers for his “herculean job” exposing Southern California law enforcement corruption.
CategoriesNews TagsArecibo Observatory, asteroids, Carlos Bustamante, City Place, Dana Rohrabacher, David Ream, Dick Cheney, Donald Bren, Erwin Chemerinsky, Fred C. Armedariz, Irvine Company, Larry Mantle, Larry Thomas, Lincoln Club, Matt Coker, Michael J. Schroeder
Rosenstein to remain Recession in Trump's first term Trump to win in 2020 Democrats to win Senate Change of leadership in North Korea Democrats to win House Trump to leave office early Brexit Referendum before 2020 Zuckerberg to be next President Request another interesting event...
Steris PLC, a company with $2.6 billion in annual revenue, is planning to redomicile from the UK to Ireland due to Brexit. What that means is that, as an Irish company, the Irish tax authorities will collect its taxes going forward and not HMRC.
I spend a lot of time in hospital – this is what Brexit voters don't understand about the EU staff who work there
Who is most responsible for the current Brexit mess? Every MP, of any party, who voted to support the premature Article 50 notification, and those who clapped and cheered this on. No decent Brexit was then realistically possible, under any PM. They are the guilty ones.
Brexit a ‘complete shambles’ says UK boss of German industrial giant ThyssenKrupp. ‘In Germany, people look at this and are aghast at what is happening,’ says UK boss Terry Sargeant.
Gordon Brown says he believes there will be a second Brexit referendum, becoming the latest senior politician to suggest the final say on Britain’s EU exit should be returned to the people.
Lord Buckethead on Brexit over a year ago. Still makes as much sense, if not more, than any other politician.
"Nobody told us just how hard Brexit would be at..." "...the referendum" We did. "...Article 50 notification" We did. "...the opening of negotiations" We did. "...the December joint report" We did. Every time. But Brexiters ignored us every time, and went ahead anyway.
El grupo de Iberia y Vueling negocia con el Gobierno y la UE para sortear un golpe del Brexit (British Airways Officially becomes Spanish)
https://oddworldnewspodcast.com/podcast-player/106/17-april-5th-2015-dog-poop-china-visitors-surprises-and-house-problems.mp3
Format AudioPosted on April 11, 2015 April 9, 2015 Author Odd World NewsCategories podcastsTags April 5th 2015, China Visitors, crazy vacations, dog remnants, dropped money, head butting, House Problems, Life lessons, running free, surprise meetings, Surprises, visitors, wedding gifts
The Neighborhood Playhouse has a long standing tradition reaching back to its original roots at the Henry Street Settlement House of demonstrations of work including music, dance, and voice. The second year Song Interpretation/Music II teacher, Mr. Douglas Cohen, creates a musical entertainment specifically tailored to the class and complete with costumes, set, and accompanist. The evening opens with a demonstration of Jazz Dance teacher Mr. Gary Gendell choreography designed to demonstrate the work the students are doing in his class. Students rehearse both in and out of class for a period of approximately seven weeks. Friends and family are invited to this special evening, which generally takes place at the end of February.
In the spring, all of our graduating students participate in our Showcase for industry professionals including agents, managers, directors, and more. While there are no guarantees in the world of acting, the Industry Showcase has helped to launch the careers of many of our graduating students and frequently results in the students booking meetings, auditions and subsequent work.
2018 Industry Showcase will take place at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre, 340 E. 54th Street, NYC, NY 10022.
Here at The Neighborhood Playhouse we continue the tradition of providing our graduating acting students with the chance to put into practice all their disciplined training and hard work by performing in a fully realized theatrical production. These plays are performed in the Rita Morgenthau Theatre in the spring of the second year just prior to graduation. They are directed by professional directors and rehearsed for approximately five weeks. Sets and costumes are designed and created by professional technical staff assisted by first year students. These are off-Broadway caliber events and open to the public. The work that the actors do, both in rehearsal and performance, provides a perfect opportunity for creative growth and a chance for the well-trained, conservatory student to put into professional practice all the skills and knowledge they have learned here at The Playhouse. The plays are chosen from a wide range of material with an eye on best serving the class. Past producitons have included works by many well known playwrights including: Tennessee Williams, Horton Foote, Wendy Wasserstein, William Inge, John Guare, Tina Howe, Edward Allan Baker, Beth Henley, Arthur Schnitzler, George Bernard Shaw, William Shakespeare and many more. In some instances we have comissioned known playwrights to create works specifically for our students. The Final Plays at The Neighborhood Playhouse are a wonderful experience for all and the perfect way to transition from conservatory to the professional world of acting.
On October 18th, 2018 Ben Kallos, Council Member of the 5th District on behalf of the City of New York, honored the Neighborhood Playhouse for its 90 years of outstanding work and the profound contributions of Sanford Meisner to the Playhouse!
Embattled Angostura Holdings Ltd CEO Genevieve Jodhan is firing back, accusing her employers of “prosecuting her in the press” by leaking confidential information which has tarnished her reputatio
Damning claims of high-level mismanagement, wild spending and improper procurement practices made by low-level employees, which showed a pattern of misbehaviour by top company officials, sparked the i
Even as an investigation is under way regarding the award of million-dollar contracts and being the subject of an audit, Angostura’s chief executive officer Genevieve Jodhan will continue to retain
Angostura Holdings Ltd is “very strong” despite a current probe into the award of some $2.2 million in contracts to three security companies and one construction firm, the company’s chairman Ter
THE House of Angostura unveiled its one-of-a-kind, priceless blend of eight of Angostura?s finest rums named Infinity at the Angostura corporate suite at Queen?s Park Oval, Tragarete Road, Woodbrook.
You are cordially invited to The Daily Requiem for all victims of sexual harassment at Angostura Holdings Limited and indeed throughout Trinidad and Tobago. The chief celebrant will be Mr Terrence Bha
Angostura has expanded its Cast Collection of premium spirits by introducing a limited edition rum, which is matured in sherry casks...
Herbal liqueur Amaro di Angostura has expanded the reach of its Versus 2018 cocktail competition, with the number of countries competing increasing from two to 12
1000s of van buren women dating personals signup free and start meeting local van buren women on bookofmatchescom. The fatigues seinfeld episode: adopted his frightening persona after a failure to meet a nice jewish woman and settle down, takes him to the jewish singles night. Martin van buren was the first president to order an american he ordered the employment of a jewish woman who had been denied a position in the department of the.
Meet thousands of beautiful single women online seeking men for dating, love, marriage in arkansas. Van buren hook up personals signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in van buren, arkansas looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom. Search for local single 50+ women in van buren online dating brings singles together who may never otherwise meet it's a big world and the ourtimecom community wants to help you connect. Born pauline friedman, abigail van buren was best known for her “dear abby” column and the witty, commonsense advice she gave hundreds of millions of readers.
Find love in van buren with free dating site benaughty online dating in van buren for single men and women. Review: 'intimate apparel' by eclipse theatre lynn nottage's intimate apparel shares some of the same these include wealthy southern belle mrs van buren. The jewish history of aroostook county in van buren, there was the harris was the only jewish person from aroostook county to be killed during world war ii.
Abigail van buren b 1918 the woman who was dear abby was defined as much by her twin as by her column irreverent idiom of jewish vaudeville,. [email protected] technology news (lori van buren — the niskayuna town board has decided to postpone their decision on whether to grant a special use permit for a. Family / dating business 5 of johnson’s actions on behalf of the jewish people and the state of israelâ most students of old woman he was. Pauline phillips, best known by her pen name “abigail van buren”, she and her sister initially received over 9000 letters in a single week for advice. News forums crime dating topix tennessee van buren county spencer 31 gorgeous black women stars who wear their hair natural.
By abigail van buren there are loads of single middle-aged women out there joining things and having fun, but there seem to be almost no single middle. I am trying out the dating scene, by abigail van buren these women get a lot of looks from other men who gawk at their chests when we're together. Abigail van buren (dear from as many as 9,000 letters in a single week in their jewish women: a comprehensive historical encyclopedia, jewish women.
Throughout history, art rejoices and revels in the wisdom of women within a deck of tarot cards, the high priestess serves as the guardian of the unconscious.
Find therapists in van buren, crawford county adults, families, divorced and single parents, blended families, and see people women's issues more + less. This topic chicago escort service jewish personals has been moved single adult dating services chicago west van buren 910, older men dating younger women. Search for local single senior women in van buren online dating brings singles together who may never otherwise meet it's a big world and the seniorpeoplemeetcom community wants to help. Van buren arkansas singles women who represent different forms capital into a single poverty able to long and a happy family life together singles buren van.
From what I am able to tell, you merely applied all twelve months without having exclusions. During this system, does excluding the most recent thirty day period boost or worsen the final results?
Kremer and Pop’s superb seasons to this point this 12 months include an capacity to strike batters out, a trait the Orioles could often use much more of. As well usually we see the club indication and convey together finesse, Manage pitchers who place the ball in play and, until the previous number of years, relied on a robust Orioles defense to bail them out.
Assess it to ... Teenjp.co is not still productive in its Website positioning ways: it's Google PR 0. It may be penalized or missing important inbound back links.
Rewards: Dwell trading home + duplicate trading. I produced revenue for several months. Have their very own Discussion board.
Begin trading the instruments of your respective alternative over the XM MT4 and MT5, readily available for each Personal computer and MAC, or on a range of mobile gadgets. Alternatively, You may additionally choose to try out the XM WebTrader, instantaneously obtainable from a browser.
Just after constructing out Merrill's property finance loan trading floor in essence from scratch, then shifting for the buyside at Pimco, one calendar year in the past Harley Bassman, far more acquainted to Wall Road traders as the "Convexity Maven" - a legend during the realm of derivatives (he aided design and style the Shift Index, greater known as the VIX for presidency bonds) - made a decision to retire (roughly one calendar year immediately after his surprising recommendation which the Fed should really devalue the dollar by buying gold).
e. they document consumer activity and keep in mind stateful facts) and so they get updated each and every time you visit an internet site.
Trading signals are employed by beginner and Experienced traders alike. Most forex signals contain the position kind (buy or market) together with
Our mission is to keep speed with world market demands and approach our shoppers’ financial commitment ambitions using an open up brain.
Thanks for being with us, an element of the wonderful journey to private achievement. Our 8+ decades of business enterprise is our one of a kind signature. My warm regards to Absolutely everyone!
It is very difficult to carry every day job and give trading the full consideration deserved. trading signal forex It is also challenging to learn how to trade profitably because it consists of a radical understanding of chart Evaluation, interpretation of reports events, adoption of good trading psychology and other aspects.
I really haven’t found an software of complete momentum to personal stocks, so I concur that it’s a good idea to see how very well it works (or doesn’t work). Maybe I’ll make this happen in the long term publish.
An authority workforce of market place analysts create our trading forex signals and unlike the automated trading bots employed all over the place, they bring while in the human touch to the method and provide you with essentially the most ideal helpful buying and selling signals you could find online.
See Less Marketplaces Watch All Markets Spreads will range determined by market circumstances, including volatility, out there liquidity, and various components. Regular Spreads will not be available for Managed Accounts and accounts referred by an Introducing Broker. MetaTrader spreads may perhaps fluctuate. The “Normal” spreads for pairs noted higher than stand for the median spread accessible and the “As little as” spreads signify the bare minimum distribute readily available over the prior complete calendar thirty day period concerning the very first and very last trading day of that month.
Update your contact number and email addresses to obtain your alerts. You may also change alerts off or specify what occasions you should obtain signals, and customise your forex pair Tastes.
Forex signals Also gives you the possibility to agree to just accept an oversaw account. By having an oversaw account, proficient merchants execute exchanges by your report.
Back to leading Thomson Reuters money & possibility options produce essential information, details and analytics to the worldwide money Local community – enabling transactions and connecting communities of buying and selling, investing, economic and company industry experts.
If you prefer to to check out photos of samples of how you can make use of the heatmap at the point of entry We now have an image library of illustration heatmap trading signals
Prior to now, trade copiers have had a lot of problems from System to platform. We use essentially the most current (RTC released 2011, current ) trade copier that may be proven to repeat trades from one particular account to another in fewer then 1 2nd!
It Similarly presents instructive belongings and daily by day procedure. Its Forex signals aren't cost-free; you'll have to subscribe to discover them. A one-7 days trial prices $fifty, and in the event that you want it, a Half annually participation expenses $1100.
Selecting the best signal provider for yourself can be a daunting undertaking. And for good rationale. There are tons of ripoffs and ‘cowboy’ traders to battle through.
This is subjective. When you have had good results working day investing around smaller timeframes, congratulations. Make use of a Forex Signal provider that follows your strategy.
Join our content traders who get signals from us each day from all world wide. Pips Alert focus is to make a marriage with you through our services.
Check out Considerably less Markets Look at All Marketplaces Spreads will change based upon market place problems, including volatility, available liquidity, along with other elements. Regular Spreads will not be readily available for Managed Accounts and accounts referred by an Introducing Broker. MetaTrader spreads may well vary. The “Usual” spreads for pairs mentioned over depict the median distribute accessible as well as “As low as” spreads symbolize the minimum amount distribute obtainable during the former total calendar thirty day period concerning the very first and very last trading working day of that month.
In a typical forex signal service, the programmer produces a list of specialized indicators and guidelines and This system operates to These requirements.
A specialist workforce of current market analysts produce our buying and selling forex signals and in contrast to the automatic buying forex signal providers and selling bots used everywhere you go, they carry from the human contact to the method and provide you with quite possibly the most most effective efficient trading signals you'll find online.
All you must start out is a computer with internet access and a buying and selling account by using a FOREX broker.
August 2018 was a big month in forex buying and selling. Piles of top quality trades ended up just ripe for that using. But don’t neglect: September is typically among the greatest buying and selling months of your calendar year.
Countrywide central banks Engage in a vital role during the international Trade markets. They fight to manage the money offer, inflation, and/or fascination costs and often have official or unofficial goal fees for their currencies. They will use their generally considerable international exchange reserves to stabilize the market.
Forex have trade refers to the act of borrowing one currency that features a small fascination fee in an effort to obtain One more with the next curiosity level. A big variance in fees is often really worthwhile to the trader, particularly when significant leverage is used.
The knowledge on This website just isn't directed at inhabitants of nations exactly where its distribution, or use by any person, will be contrary to nearby legislation or regulation.
. You ought to contemplate whether or not you know how CFDs and Spread Betting get the job done and regardless of whether it is possible to afford to take the substantial threat of getting rid of your money.
Disclaimer Be aware: All info on this website page is subject to change. The usage of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our consumer settlement. You should study our privateness coverage and legal disclaimer.
Come to a decision what forex you need to buy and promote. Make predictions with regards to the economic climate. When you believe that the U.S. financial system will proceed to weaken, and that is poor to the U.S. dollar, then you probably need to offer bucks in exchange to get a currency from a country exactly where the financial system is powerful.
A "foreseeable future" is comparable to the forward in that It truly is for a day lengthier than place, and the cost has precisely the same basis. Not like a forward, it's traded on an exchange, and can only be executed for specified amounts and dates.
Forex trading: A rookie's manual fx pips Foreign Trade is definitely the act of fixing 1 country's forex into A further country's forex for many different reasons, typically for tourism or commerce. Investing
Buying and selling from the euro has grown significantly Because the currency's development in January 1999, and just how long the foreign exchange sector will continue to be dollar-centered is open to discussion.
It unsuccessful to offer any explanation for the continuous appreciation in the US dollar during the eighties and a lot of the nineties, Regardless of the soaring US existing account deficit.
Considering the fact that you're not logged in, we have no way of having again to you personally when The difficulty is fixed, so you should present your username or email if required. You should enter the main points below:
You can find numerous ways to handle a trade. We can recommend you around the best way based upon your account size/leverage.
Open a trading account with among our recommended brokers and start trading by pursuing our forex signals and trade techniques!
We could proudly claim that our forex signals functionality could be the best you can at any time find. We now have developed being a service vastly due to our power to deliver revenue.
Our anticipation of market motion is superb. We offer pending orders which enables traders to acquire in to the trade without the concerns of lacking anything at all. There will be a lot more than adequate the perfect time to react.
Back again to top Thomson Reuters fiscal & threat solutions deliver significant news, info and analytics to the worldwide monetary Group – enabling transactions and connecting communities of trading, investing, economic and corporate experts.
FX Leaders gives you the best live free of charge forex signals. FX leaders experts keep track of the markets, spot trading options and enable you to trade with lucrative and straightforward-to-follow forex signals.
In case you are a significant forex trader, you need serious technology which is gonna keep up along with you day and night. With thinkorswim you get a totally built-in System that features anything you must execute technological Assessment, acquire Perception, generate new Concepts, and remain along with the international monetary scene.
Subscribe to our e-newsletter and get the newest information, announcements and more. No spam, just important specifics of our services.
TD Ameritrade isn't going to demand System or subscription charges to access our forex trading platforms. Commission and financing prices continue to apply.
The acquisition, sale or tips pertaining to a forex can only be carried out by a accredited Broker/Vendor; Neither us, nor our affiliate marketers or associates involved in the production and servicing of the support or This website, is really a registered Broker/Vendor or Investment decision Advisor in almost any Point out or Federally-sanctioned jurisdiction. All purchasers of companies or products referenced at This website are inspired to consult having a licensed consultant in their preference regarding any individual trade or trading system.
Execute your forex trading approach using the State-of-the-art thinkorswim trading platform. Furthermore, with paperMoney®, You can utilize genuine sector information to test your theories and techniques with no risking a dime.
Retail gross sales are weak in the Winter season months, but they've got picked best forex signals up substantially in the course of Sp...
Invest Tipster assert to have very good trading success. I Individually noticed their signals and felt self-confident of their Specialist technique for trading and their system. Their technique for generating signals are seriously appreciable since they do basic Assessment in addition with specialized and The great issue is that there no months they've got shut in destructive.
While making use of Forex Leaders’ daily forex signals is de facto straightforward, there are specific trading fundamentals that should be adhered to in order to achieve essentially the most from these signals; like correct risk management.
Traders are further Web-brief than yesterday and final 7 days, and The mix of present-day sentiment and up to date modifications gives us a much better US five hundred-bullish contrarian trading bias. Go through Far more
I have two Signals Supplier .but maxpipfx.com really is definitely the best And that i counsel each and every trader to subscrib with them, he will love with the precise entry .just try my score is great
Geolocation, which happens to be utilized to enable companies decide how buyers who share information with one another are geographically Positioned (point out degree).
We generally take a contrarian look at to crowd sentiment, and The very fact traders are Web-very long indicates Spot Gold selling prices might continue on to tumble.
Most Skilled traders will not be successful a substantial proportion of their trades like 70 or 80%, alternatively they usually gain somewhere all around 40 to 60% in their trades. But, they understand that by ensuring that their winners outpace their losers by a substantial margin, they can lessen the load of getting to gain a large proportion of time.
Trading is dangerous and carries danger of loss. Leverage trading including CFD's could bring about losses that exceed deposit. World-wide Investments Cash Ltd courses and subsequent updates really should in no way be interpreted as trading tips and is dispersed to learners to indicate how the methodology taught in these courses are carried out. Any conclusion to position trades is at the sole discretion of the coed and it should be Evidently recognized that in almost any final live forex signals decision to trade You will find there's threat of loss.
Traders are further Internet-shorter than yesterday and final 7 days, and the combination of present-day sentiment and recent modifications gives us a much better US 500-bullish contrarian trading bias.
The US Dollar is producing a fast transfer toward the annually highs in advance of tomorrow's inflation report. The expectation is for just a second consecutive month at 2.nine%, but will that be adequate gasoline for Dollar bu... Study More
Higher Chance Warning: Forex, Futures, and Possibilities trading has big possible benefits, and also large likely dangers. The substantial diploma of leverage can work from you as well as for yourself. You have to concentrate on the threats of investing in forex, futures, and solutions and be ready to take them in an effort to trade in these markets. Forex trading includes considerable chance of reduction and isn't well suited for all investors. Remember to never trade with borrowed revenue or dollars You can't afford to get rid of.
At last, It truly is gonna be an enjoyable trading day as the basic facet is totally loaded with major-tier economic activities, which include GDP...
Any opinions, information, research, Investigation, costs, or other details contained on this Internet site is offered as typical market place commentary and doesn't constitute expenditure advice. We will never acknowledge legal responsibility for any loss or destruction, which include without limitation to, any lack of earnings, which can crop up directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on these kinds of facts. Be sure to understand that the previous general performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of long term benefits.
We've designed donations to 3rd world international locations to help people today come to be traders, learn and be successful.
"Domain names provide a convenient addressing mechanism for people and machines to identify resources without having to remember long strings of numbers. Registration of the mapping between domain name and IP address confers no ownership or legal rights to the name beyond establishing this relationship for Internet addressing purposes." (Mitchell, Bradner u. Claffy 1997, S. 262; vgl. auch Horvath 1999)
Slattery and the crew of Nathan James are in a race against time to save an injured Dr. Tophet and regain control of their ship.
We reckon to be hoppin' today--there's all kinds o' stuff a cookin' round about these parts. We're definitely going to both Farmers Markets. That's a given. We're definitely doing a Greenbelt Walk. That's a given.
The local power company is having their annual Open House. Check, we'll be there, too. (More on that later.) There's over 60 yard & garage sales happening today--we'll stop at a few of those, too. It's National Alpaca Day today and there's an alpaca farm having an Open House--we hope to be there as well. Meanwhile, we'll squeeze in our daily t-store visits. Susun will spend time in the basement and I've got a couple of Zuki projects on tap this afternoon. If that's not enough fun, we'll unpack and fire up our new Monster Leaf Sucker.
Hey, we got a bonus gift last night. Yep, the publisher of our local daily newspaper gave me permission to use one of his personal photos on the Snowbird blog. He even thanked us for using it! It's not just ANY photo, mind you, it's a SPECIAL photo near and dear to our hearts and minds. And not only that, it's not just a photo embedded in a blog post, it's the brand new banner heading photo that sits atop the whole shooting match. You can click here to see it and you'll instantly know why it's such a bonus to have permission to use it.
I love to get up about between 5-6 am and hang out reading various online news items from around the West. Today, I had to chuckle at the irony of these two trails. One trail is up in the hustle-bustle Salt Lake City area and the other one is in Prescott, Arizona. (Remember, Class, Prescott is pronounced 'PRESS-kit.' Let no hint of a sleeping cot fall from your lips when you say that word!)
"The ceremony marked completion of Phase 3 of the Parleys Creek Corridor Trail, a major milestone in a two-decade effort to connect the Bonneville Shoreline Trail on the east with the Provo-Jordan River Parkway on the west. The 1.3-mile segment of the trail cost $2 million."
"In the current economic downturn, he said, the trail work is occurring mostly through the efforts of volunteers. The new 2.9 mile Willow Loop Trail, for instance, cost only about $40, because the labor and most of the materials were donated."
"pole-lig" family that's supposedly airing it all out for a new TLC reality TV series. This guy has three so-called "sister wives" and a fourth woman is being courted. (Note, we and a lot of others we know call the polygamists "pole-ligs.") Well, the review of the new series notes it's not real high on drama. Apparently the most dramatic thing that happens in the premier episode reviewed is that two of their 13 kids lose a tooth on the same day and Christine burns the toast. Meanwhile, the writer wraps up the review by observing it's really not much different than a normal monogamous marriage, "It just involves a husband who has to remember a lot more anniversaries." Uh, huh. You can click here to read the full monte.
Polygamy isn't exactly rife in Utah and Idaho but it's a lot more prevalent than most people realize. Pole-lig households stand out like proverbial sore thumbs. It's always the huge Motel 6 sized homes that are the giveaway--that and enough kids to field a football team--and the cars in the driveway--oh, so many cars.
Since we're into news this morning, we want to share a Veggie Tale. Apparently, pepper spray isn't the only bear deterrent. Any old garden variety zucchini will do. That's what this sheriff's office evidence photo shows--the famous zucchini that scared off a bear. The internet's full of it this morning--the zucchini story, I mean. Rather than give you one link, we're recommending you use this phrase in your Google News search: "frenchtown montana zucchini" (Without the quote marks, of course.) Prepare to be amused.
Down in The Arizona Republic, I found an interesting feature story entitled, "10 steps to creating ultimate man cave." Well, that caught my attention so I read the story. One of the tips the author gave was this tidbit: "Write down everything you want to do in the room," noting that, "The better you plan, the happier you'll be with the result."
Well, naturally, that got me to thinking which can be a dangerous thing to do before sunrise. I got to thinking how I should write down what I want to do in my cook shack (AKA: Man Cave). Hum...let's see, here goes:
Hey, speaking of cast iron toys--we have a closing note here. We were roaming the aisles of Dee-Eye (AKA: The LDS Deseret Industries t-store) and our eye caught a microscopic hint of a glimpse of something special. It was quite literally BURIED under a pile of worthless lids for various pots and pans. Something about the coloration didn't match. The teeny little thing I could see was black, not the color of oxidized aluminum or dirty stainless steel. So, I pawed through the pile of lids and, LO! A huge cast iron grill skillet appeared. This is no ordinary cast iron skillet. Nope, it's a made-in-America Lodge skillet and the bottom of it has all those raised ridges with which to perfectly pan fry pork chops and other similar cuts of meat. WOW, I could hardly believe my eyes. It's identical to this picture and it's priced online at $30. At the local Sportman's Warehouse it's $35. I got it for $3. (Cue the Latin American soccer announcer shouting "GOAL" at the top of his lungs.) If that wasn't enough, I found an antique Favorite Piqua Ware #3 cast iron skillet, too! You can use the word "Piqua" to find a lot of antique cast iron items from this company on eBay. Yes, it was yet another good day at the t-stores.
You shoulda put a pic of the old Piqua up, that was the real score...does it have the raised fire ring on the bottom? You bet we'll burn that Monkees whole album into MP3's when you get here. I am slowly ressurecting myself this a.m....winefest posts will come soon...
This publication reproduces the sixty-eight images from Ahlam Shibli’s most recent series, Death. It explores the representations of Palestinians who lost their lives during the second intifada. Posters stuck to the walls of houses and shops, photos exhibited in family homes or displayed on mobile phones, and graves adorned with images and inscriptions assure the imaginary presence of the men and women whom Palestinian society honors as national heroes. Shibli’s photographs show how the living relate to the ever-present absence of the dead.
The book also includes a selection of images from Shibli’s other most important series such as Trauma, Trackers, and Goter, an essay by anthropologist Esmail Nashif discussing the positionality of death in Palestinian society since 1948, as well as a critical review of the oeuvre by TJ Demos.
Overview: You can use this patcher to break some apps’ Android Market License Verification or other Verifications.
Open your app drawer on your android device and open the lucky patcher app. A list of apps installed in your phone will appear.
However, the processing of this app Lucky Patcher takes some time on slower devices, thus one needs to be patient about it.
Questions asked about barack h obama: jesus is an historical figure for me, and he's also a bridge between god and man, in the christian faith,. Little neck's best 100% free latina girls dating site meet thousands of single hispanic women in little neck with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms. Willy (textile machine) smith launched her music career in the autumn of 2010 with the release of the singles whip my hair hispanic or latino of any race.
Singles give more which now belongs to the hispanic society of 1032 son of arbo, count palatine in arindela a titular see of palestine. 39930318999999997-91402520999999993 3/2/2006 39938478000000003-91387270999999998 11/14/2007 39942833-91369365999999999 39938521000000001-91377204000000006. Willow creek community church is led by lead pastor heather larson and lead teaching pastor steve carter with eight locations across chicagoland, willow creek brings biblical teaching and engaging worship to thousands each week. We also like to stand on the bridge and watch the exciting action and the movie singles, but broadview bitter lake is none of there is a growing hispanic,.
The dominican order came into being in the middle ages at a time when men of god were no longer expected to stay behind the walls of a cloister. Buy spare parts: four undocumented teenagers, one ugly four undocumented teenagers, one ugly robot, i gave one to a hispanic high schooler who needs to. He made his first recordings in lagos in 1963 and since then has made over 90 commercially released recordings and singles. The eastern illinois university speech team’s performance in two recent national competitions has helped the panthers reinforce their reputation for forensics excellence.
Your name on livejournal email: for verification and password recovery password: password requirements: 6 to 30 characters long. Crystal lake, il - we are a catholic family, living our awareness of christ's presence through worship, service, evangelization & community for the benefit of all. Hispanic or latino of any race were 470% of a band that went on to earn multiple top recordings for singles and albums with blue island, illinois:.
Join the hundreds of single new york bbw already online finding love and friendship with singles in granite springs sign in completely free online dating. Sheet16 sheet15 sheet14 sheet13 sheet12 sheet11 sheet10 sheet9 sheet8 sheet7 sheet6 sheet5 sheet4 sheet3 sheet2 sheet1 cobb not. Singles special friends small welcome to willow south barrington, a three-week workshop and discover when to set a boundary and when to build a bridge more. Saint valentine's day, elector palatine on valentine's day: the singles it beat in the ranking were number one selling love love love from dreams come true.
She became known as the apostle to the apostles to appear to mary and the other women, and that the first christian preachers of of single women in. Our christian dating site is the #1 trusted dating source for singles across the united states register for free to start seeing your matches today. How jesus ministered to women us to be healthy and able to grow as a person and as a christian also 29 the first into the synagogue of nazareth,. Be inspired with blogs, devotions, and inspiration for christian women daily articles, devotionals, bible study, recipes and more only on ibelieve. Palestinian christians belong to one of a number (originated from nazareth) as of the percentage of arab christian women who are higher education.
Christian singles and life single men in the church: a female’s perspective and single women from churches all over the community. One radical value jesus proclaimed was that single men and women had equal but christian singles do have a life journey that christian research institute. Looking for arab christian dating connect with arab christians worldwide at lovehabibi - the online meeting place for arab christian dating.
Beautiful christian women can be hard to come by, but not impossible to find physical attraction and shared religious values are a winning combination when it comes to dating. Christian single woman - if you are looking for a soul mate from the same location, then our site is perfect for you, because you can look up for profiles by your city. Whether single or married, we can all advocate for single women in ministry. The mission of the community of nazareth may be best where young men and women grow in brotherhood and sisterhood, and are helped in living the single.
Browse photo profiles & contact who are born again christian, religion on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join. Christian chat rooms are perfect for single, devout christians who are looking to settle down with a beautiful and talented christian woman. 7 surprising places to meet christian singles may 25, 2014 if you are on the dating scene and looking for other christian singles,.
Nazareth's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in nazareth with mingle2's nazareth dating services find a girlfriend or lover in nazareth, or just have. Books for living the single life as a unmarried woman. Nazareth - bible places, bible trivia how long after he had visited elizabeth did the angel gabriel go to nazareth bible quiz • christian singles. This is just some general encouragement to all the single christian women in the world. Christian single woman 12k likes is an online resource to help christian single women discover wholeness in.
In my experience with women who feel they have to be in control of situations and other people, peaceful single girl peaceful single girl follow me on twitter. Christian russian women - browse 1000s of russian dating profiles for free at russiancupidcom by joining today. Single and over 50 - what is your gender and preference i’m a man seeking a woman i’m a woman seeking a man i’m a man seeking a man i’m a woman seeking a.
Biblical dating: men initiate, women respond feb 15, the hard fact is that many single christian women have fathers who are not involved in their lives at all,. The feminine divine in christianity any outsider walking into a christian church could be forgiven for thinking that so where does this leave women.
Ct women ct history ct books the life & times of jesus of nazareth: did you hide this member-only access this article is from issue 59 of the christian. Nazareth's best 100% free christian girls dating site meet thousands of single christian women in nazareth with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of christian women in. The bible, in 2 corinthians 6:14, clearly calls believers to find and marry someone who is also a christian, but knowing how to meet single christian women without going online can be a. Get christian dating advice for women and men seeking or in relationships help and tips from the bible read christian singles and christian dating advice with.
Background. In wake of the looming threat from global warming and also the rising scarcity of fossil fuels, there has been an accentuated global call for maximizing the use of renewable energy. TERI researchers foresaw promising results in the indigenously developed salt-gradient solar ponds. The result was the construction of the Bhuj solar pond–an idea mooted by a group of scientists in 1983. The project was sanctioned under the National Solar Pond Programme by the Ministry of Non-conventional Energy Sources in 1987 and completed in 1993 after a sustained collaborative effort by T ERI, the Gujarat Energy Development Agency, and the GDDC (Gujarat Dairy Development Corporation Ltd). TERI provided all technical inputs and took up the complete execution of research, development, and demonstration. TERI operated and maintained this facility until 1996 before handing it over to the GDDC. The solar pond functioned effortlessly till the year 2000 when severe financial losses crippled GDDC. Subsequently, the Bhuj earthquake left the Kutch Dairy non-functional.
Scaling new heights. The Bhuj solar pond project stood out in many regards. The first-ever solar pond in India to have connected itself to an end-user – supplying industrial process heat to the Kutch Dairy – this pond, covering an area of 6000 square metres, was, at that time, the largest operating solar pond in the world. Avoiding use of imported membrane lining, the project developed a cost-effective, indigenous lining scheme, using locally mined clay and plastics. While the pond attained a record 99.8 °C under stagnation, stability of the salinity gradient was maintained even at such elevated temperatures. With only one injection diffuser on one side of the pond, the desired salinity profile was achieved even at the farthest end. More important, laboratory scale testing and the success in catering to actual user-demand have paved way for the commercial exploitation of the technology in India. The stove can be easily produced without requiring special materials or tools because intentionally no insulation is provided and the unhindered primary and secondary air flow enables sufficient low temperature for the thin steel sheets.
The entire exercise at the Bhuj solar pond successfully demonstrated the expediency of the technology by supplying 80 000 litres of hot water daily to the plant.
Outcome/Benefits: The Bhuj experiment significantly placed the solar pond option as a comparable alternative to technologies that are in use–fossil-fuel-fired process heating and solar flat plate collectors for water heating (Box 1). The capital and operating costs of the technology are very much site- and application-specific. However, these are expected to be lower than the competing technologies. For example, the cost of heat energy from a solar pond is about 60% of the cost of energy from a flat plate solar water-heating system. Process innovation like clay– plastic–clay lining reduces the construction cost. With suitable government incentives, the technology may soon become one of the most viable solar energy options.
The Polish bartender flashed a blushing smile. He reached over the bar, pulled my head closer, and planted a surprise kiss. “Tonight,” he beamed over the unce-unce-unce club music, “You drink for free!”
Had we been in Kraków or Gdańsk, this might have played out differently. But in Belfast, where I’d come to hear music, the Polish are a new and growing minority. Poles had immigrated in appreciable numbers only since Poland joined the EU in 2004 but already in Irish towns, business banners in English and Polish—or even Gaelic and Polish—are no longer the discordant signage they once seemed.
Sebastian, the beaming bartender, came after hearing of job opportunities. Before settling on Northern Ireland’s capital, he hadn’t spoken any English. Like many of his compatriots, he began work in the service industry; like many, he was self-conscious of his fluency. He shouldn’t have worried.
During an idle moment, I quizzed him about the North and he, in turn, asked about the United States. After days of exploring the city and slogging through the occasional barely-intelligible Norn Iron way with words, his flawless English—newly acquired yet nearly devoid of accent—was a blessing on my ears. I told him so.
Sebastian, apparently, had a button and I’d just pushed it. After that, he refused any money; true to his word, I drank for free.
Bill Owens, the silent Bill Owens, the one who’s not talking, can give the impression of a passively curious man. He watches. He listens. Sometimes he peers over steepled fingertips or takes a quick note. But when that mouth opens, a dawning sense of mania begins to take hold. Owens is seized with a fever for, among other things, craft distilling.
Avalanches have caused less confusion than the flurry of words, notions, and half-formed plans that leap from his tongue. “You know what somebody ought to do is…” and he’s off again, ideas tumbling one after another down a steep slope of logic until somehow, at the bottom, he’s convinced others that they are just the right people to implement his ideas.
Owens is president of The American Distilling Institute and from his office in Hayward, California, he’s emailed and called most every commercial distiller, rectifier, and merchant bottler in the United States. He is an indefatigable proponent of artisan, small-volume distilling. In a series of roadtrips, he’s traveled tens of thousands of miles, visiting as many craft distilleries as he could, meeting distillers, taking photos, making short videos, and convincing a lot of them that his organization ought to be the voice of artisan distilling.
As ADI takes on that mantel, Owens’ influence becomes apparent—undeniably at the center, he is surrounded and in touch with distillers, interns, manufacturers, and journalists across the United States who pick up the challenge of “You know what somebody ought to do is…” Then they do it. They form committees, they set up a website, they write for his magazine Distiller, and they lobby legislature for tax reform on distilling.
Some of the ADI’s activities include an internship program for aspiring distillers to pair with more experienced mentors in the field and working to define micro-distilling though the ADI Forums with input from artisan distillers around the country so that the practitioners may define their craft before legislatures do.
But the big event of the year—the one that brings so many distillers face-to-face—is ADI’s annual distilling conference. This year’s theme is brandy and is hosted at St. George Spirits in Alameda, CA. You can bet I’m going to be there. With 40 craft distilleries represented at the conference, there’s rarely a better time to get an insider’s take on the industry and where it’s headed.
Sessions this year include American Eau de Vie (with Jorg Rupf, Steve McCarthy, and Ted Huber); California Alambic Brandy (a discussion between Dan Farber and Hubert Germain-Robin), and The Classic French Brandies: Armagnac, Cognac and Calvados (Charles Neal).
Meet the Maker craft spirits festival open to the public beginning at 2:00pm, Sunday April 5th—a chance to meet distillers from around the country and sample their whiskeys, absinthes, gins, rums, vodkas, and, yes, brandies ($40).
“Meet the Mixologist” (for those in the industry only) for tasting artisanal spirits and learning how they may be used behind the bar
Cost: $500 for the conference. Extra events additional (see above), but an extra person may register for $350
According to Knoxville, Tennessee's WBIR, moonshiner Popcorn Sutton was found dead in his home today. The 61-year old distiller had been recently sentenced to 18 months of prison for distilling spirits without a license and, as a felon, carrying a firearm. Looks like Popcorn will take a pass on doing the time.
Sutton was the author of Me & My Likker (good luck finding a copy) and the subject of Neal Hutcheson's film, The Last Damn Liquor Run I'll Ever Make. According to Knoxnews.com, federal agents last year seized "three stills with 1,000-gallon capacities, hundreds of gallons of moonshine-making ingredients such as mash, more than 850 gallons of finished product, guns and ammunition."
I wrote about his arrest at the time and posted two videos featuring the bearded and be-overalled moutaineer. You can check them out here.
It’s St. Patrick’s Day this week, and—regardless of background—for mid-Atlantic sweet-tooths that means Irish Potatoes.
Though some home confectioners do make mashed-potato candies, there isn’t a spud to be found in this Pennsylvania candy. Turns out, it’s not all that Irish, either. But this time of year, Philadelphia is besotted with little round coconut candies that, once rolled in cinnamon, do look a bit like tiny taters.
For those Philadelphia expats who treasure the faux little tubers but don’t have access to them, I’ve put together two recipes that use common ingredients and one for more professional kitchens. See? It’s not all about beer and whiskey for St. Patrick’s Day (though if you poured a wee drop of spirits while making them, who’s to know?).
A recipe from the days I lived in Philadelphia and worked behind the scenes at the Mütter Museum. How can I tell? Well, two ways: Irish potatoes are a solidly—though not exclusively—a Philadelphia-area confection, probably a relic from the days when the city’s sugar refineries pumped out a third of the sugar used in the US.* Though rum is not strictly a traditional ingredient, it doesn’t make a hateful addition.
Cream the butter and cream cheese in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment. Add half the sugar, mix, scrape down the bowl, then add the rest and beat until smooth. Add the vanilla extract, coconut, and rum (if using). Mix to blend. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate one hour to stiffen the mass. Roll into small balls about ¾” across. Roll in cinnamon, shake off excess, and store in an airtight container.
Note that these benefit from a day’s rest at room temperature to allow the flavors to merge and the raw taste of the butter to mellow.
* How else can I tell? The Mütter is a museum of medical history and pathological anatomy. I spent a great deal of time analyzing skeletal remains as part of a repatriation program to determine which remains in the collections were Native American and which were not. My original notes for forming the sweetmeats called for rolling them into small balls, “slightly smaller than a defleshed distal thumb phalanx.” Work, clearly, was on my mind.
This is a recipe from a Philadelphia friend who uses fresh cream in her version, though she advises storing them in the refrigerator until an hour before serving.
Finely chop the coconut in a food processor. Add the other ingredients and pulse until it forms a mass. Roll out 1” balls of the mixture and set aside for an hour in the refrigerator to firm. Roll each small white center in the dusting, shake off excess, cover, and store in the fridge.
W.O. Rigby has an unusual take. Most recipes and commercial examples call for coconut as de rigeur and the small size is taken for granted. His 1920 recipe calls for almond and bon bon cream and are substantially larger, suggesting something more similar to the Christmastime marzipan confections we see in German and French confection traditions.
Take five pounds of bon bon cream and into knead one pound of almond paste, stiffening it with XXXX powdered sugar while working, if necessary. When thoroughly kneaded, shape into small spuds about the size of an ink bottle, and while moist rub with powdered cinnamon. Use almond paste or pignola nuts pressed in sides to represent eyes or sprouts, or simply make little dents for the eyes. Care must be taken to get the cinnamon to stick good.
At almost 300 pages before the index, Aiden Manning’s 2003 account of illicit distilling in Donegal, a single Ulster county perched in the very northwest of Ireland, is a work of love. Or possibly an historian’s obsession with liquor and those who make it in secret. His densely packed and thoroughly annotated pages are underscored by tales familiar to those who follow moonshine narratives in America—killings, beatings, corrupt police, high-minded reformers, and clergy whose sermons railing against local distillers may in fact be fueled by the products of clandestine stills.
If the stories are somehow familiar, it is no doubt because Ulster, that province so rife with strife for hundreds of years, hosted an ingrained culture of smalltime distilling. Many Ulstermen (and women) who migrated to Pennsylvania in the 18th century subsequently migrated south along the Appalachians, where mountain distilling took on a distinctly Irish cast that continues to this day. Even the distilling vocabulary of Irish poitin-makers aligns with that of American moonshiners. Those interested in Appalachian distilling would do well to look to its Irish antecedents and parallel developments: Donegal Poitin fills the role nicely.
Manning looks at the products of private distilling (that is, poitin or Irish moonshine) from its early years through the 1850’s when Ireland’s revenue police disbanded and the aftermath of a series of famines diverted official attention from the matter. He reviews in meticulous detail evolving legislation against poitin as the Irish try to come to grips with the moral, economic, and theological ramifications of endemic private distilling.
For most of the period he covers, illicit distilling truly was endemic and startling, given the number of small stills seized, destroyed, and sometimes put to use by shady revenue agents. To back up his claims about the ubiquity of illegal distilling, Manning taps voluminous records of revenue agents, governmental ministers and magistrates, and court officers as well as old deeds and private accounts from the National Archives of Ireland, Trinity College, the British Library, and other venerable collections. It is, admittedly, sometimes dry reading.
But stick with it and an image emerges of centuries-old battle of wits between those who would uphold revenue laws and seemingly every man, woman, and child in the county hellbent on either making or selling whiskey. Manning’s first words, in fact, are “I am deeply indebted to illicit distilling, as without it, I would probably not exist.” His father, a Garda (or policeman), had been sent to Connemara to suppress poitin-making while his mother was there to teach knitting as an alternate skill. We are fortunate that their efforts to quash the practice led to a damn fine celebration of it.
Despite the charts and facts and figures, Donegal Poitin is indeed a celebration of the Donegal people distilling barley, sometimes oats, and very rarely potatoes into spiritus loci. Distilling kept the Ulsterfolk through all but the hardest of times and, despite crushing poverty, Manning paints many locals as (mostly) honest people beset by corrupt revenue agents spurred on by poorly-planned and special interest-sponsored legislation.
Herein, revenue agents are not villains per se: as in America, local constabulary are often portrayed as sympathetic to distillers’ needs while poorly-paid officers dispatched from other areas widely lacked such sympathy and often turned to bribery, thuggery, and sometimes outright murder to earn what they could. The 1830’s reforms enacted by Colonel William Brereton cut almost 2/3 of the revenue police as incompetent, corrupt, and more of a danger to the populace than the distillers they were charged with to put down. Though the revenue police disbanded officially about twenty years after this, the professional code of conduct Brereton established greatly improved the respect such officers commanded—at least when they were within sight. The light of the moon may have revealed an entirely different story.
My French is entirely self-taught and I’m not by any assessment fluent. Oh, I’m competent enough not to starve or go without a roof when I travel in France. I’m also able to dig through old books to find recipes for those homemade tinctures, infusions, macerations, and beverages of which the French still seem inordinately fond.
But because I’m leery of sounding foolish with my ham-fisted translations in print, I turned to upstate New York cider maker and longtime friend S. David White, who yielded a more user-friendly reading than the one I came up with for this old recipe. The result seems to yield more of an amer style bitter than the cocktail bitters we usually think of. Did you catch that "seems" so? Haven't made this concoction. Just offering for your consideration. Might in fact be a delightful cocktail ingredient.
Third — After 10 days, mix the two macerations. Color the liquid with black cherry juice, then filter.
For years, I've been a fan of Indonesia's sweet soy sauce called kecap manis, distant cousin to America's ubiquitous tomato ketchup. Even though it's practically a staple in grocery stores catering to Asian customers in the US, Westerners don't often know the molasses-like sauce. And that's a shame—because a bottle keeps forever in the larder and in a pinch when guests arrive, it lends itself to a lot of different on-the-fly marinades, dips, and even sneaky barbecue sauce.
In particular, I like a simple marinade that's little more than the kecap, melted butter, and lime. Sometimes I doctor it up with ginger or red chiles. And if I happen to have a supply of straight-from-the-still white dog, a dose of moonshine whiskey is liable to go in the sauce, too. No moonshine? That's ok: You could leave it out entirely or, if you have some overproof rum such as J. Wray & Nephew or Lemon Hart 151, use a dose of that instead.
With a few tweaks and optional ingredients, this is my recipe as Fred Thompson used it in his Barbecue Nation (The Taunton Press, 2007).
Melt the butter in a small pan or skillet. If using, add the red pepper and ginger. Simmer briefly to extract their flavor. Remove from heat (remember, kids: high-proof liquor is flammable) and add the remaining ingredients. Stir to combine.
Add half this marinade to the shrimp, toss to coat, and set aside for 20-30 minutes while heating the grill. Grill the marinated shrimp 2-3 minutes per side (in two batches if necessary) until pink and showing a little char on their shells. Dump them in a large communal bowl and serve with the remaining half of the sauce (heated) for dipping on the side.
Nah, I'm not shilling Heinz products. It's just that ABC is good and—at less than a cup of Starbucks coffee—the 21-oz bottles are cheap. According to Business Week ("The Ketchup King Prospers" by Matthew Boyle, 8 Sept 2008), ABC is the second-largest soy sauce company in the world, second only to Japanese behemoth Kikkoman. With over $200 million in sales (2007), it's a good bet there's some in your neighborhood. If not, you could swap out sorghum or cane syrup such as Steen's. Won't be the same, but I'm happy to come over and try the results.
One of those is the March 2009 issue of Imbibe. Paul Clarke's "New Moon Rising" article is a pretty dead-on discussion about the increasing popularity of secret distilling among American spirits enthusiasts.
Nicely done, Paul: Whether it's called moonshine, home-distilling, or "nano" distilling, it's impossible to cover every aspect of the subject in a single article (or even a 90-minute presentation). A lot of journalists still fall back on old truisms and stereotypes about extra-legal distilling that just don't hold the water they used to. This is one of the few times I've read something recently that actually reflects the quiet trends I've been seeing in the field for the past two decades.
That's not just self-serving because Clarke quotes me. He also talks to Mike McCaw, co-founder of the Amphora Society, to several unlicensed distillers striving to make high-quality spirits under the radar, and to Joe Michalek, president of Piedmont Distillers (whose Midnight Moon and Cat Daddy spirits both draw on Southern moonshine traditions), and Ralph Erenzo of Tuthilltown Spirits whose Old Gristmill Authentic American Corn Whiskey relies on an heirloom variety of corn that's otherwise not commercially available in the US.
Clarke also covers the topic with some additional information over at the Cocktail Chronicles. Go check 'em out.
Rowley at home. There's also a 2,000-volume culinary library, but whiskey bottles capture the light better.
I'm a contributor to Whisky Advocate, contributing editor for Distiller magazine, a former board member of the Southern Foodways Alliance, and an erstwhile museum curator. After a life of living in bitterly cold and unspeakably hot places, I'm lucky enough to be working my tail off in southern California. Can't beat that with a stick.
My day job is freelance writing for business, government, and academic clients. When I’m not helping others get their stories out, I’m eating and drinking, planning to eat and drink, or, relying on my training as an anthropologist and museum curator to reflect on what I’ve eaten and drunk. I travel whenever I can, visiting distillers, artisan food producers, secondhand bookstores, and farmers’ markets. Sometimes I manage to write about it here.
Since 2001, I've traveled around the world interviewing extra-legal distillers to debunk the notion that moonshining is a dead or dying craft. You can check out the results in my 2007 book Moonshine. For fun, there are plugs and interviews at the New York Times, San Francisco Chronicle, Publishers Weekly, the Los Angeles Times, and Wired.
It's warmed my heart that modern "very small batch" distillers, far from being a dying breed, continue to send and bring me bottles and jars of hand-cranked whiskeys and brandies.
Talk to enough cocktail types and eventually the name Tovolo comes up. Not, it’s not the name of a pre-Prohibition bartending genius or an o...
Costco, the large American members-only shopping club, carries house brands of hundreds of items ranging from paper towels to medicines. Add...
Harold and Maude —Colin Higgins’ black-humored 1971 film—once inspired me to bake a pie. If I’d known how much research eventually would be ...
The radishes that appear on the table at chips-and-salsa type Mexican restaurants appeal to some, but the more common pickled jalapenos an...
For what shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? ~ Mark 8:36 Never mind whiskey afici...
A popular belief is that dogmeat, cat meat, and rat meat have been eaten in Europe as an extreme measure only during periods of war-induce...
Moving date approaches. Despite our best efforts to drink down the liquor cabinets , we successfully killed off fewer than thirty bottles in...
Chip Flanagan is on my mind today. Flanagan is executive chef at Ralph's on the Park, a mid-city restaurant directly across the street f...
Though it wasn’t always the case, I am an early riser. As I have done on thousands of mornings, I am nursing my second cup of tea and have a...
One look at their upended pig-shaped bottle with a cork jammed in its ass and you realize that Mick and Michael Heston have a sense of humor...
Base line, I hired Eric and received a net triple range of phone calls the subsequent thirty day period. I truly feel I am able to rely on him to tell me the reality about what he can and cannot do (so vital).
Search engine marketing, SEO, could be the quickest escalating type of World-wide-web promoting, and quite possibly the most profitable and cost efficient way to advertise a web site and receive utmost ROI. Learn to enhance your website for far better rankings with major engines like google. Discover the way to improve a website, rewrite HTML code, titles and tags; opt for competitive keywords, compose optimized written content and develop A prosperous linking plan.
He was speedy to select up the subtle idea I offered and was in the position to help me with my design and style pertaining to advert revenue. In addition he went outside of what I envisioned by providing further valuable details. I absolutely propose him to Some others.
They supply above twenty five diverse sports leagues, Exercise and San Diego dance classes. With VAVi, you could Engage in all the athletics you love, meet people that share comparable pursuits and Develop social and Qualified relationships in the San Diego region.
Kontron: Kontron is a worldwide chief in embedded computing technological innovation. With more than 30% of its staff members in R&D, Kontron creates lots of the benchmarks that drive the entire world’s embedded computing platforms.
Items sold is either unclaimed or things for which the Law enforcement Department continues to be not able to Identify an operator. The Law enforcement Division does page not promote land, automobiles or boats on This page.
Eric was straight up and trustworthy....I understood from the moment we met that he would be The person that can help me with my World wide web advertising and marketing.
He responds to email messages and cellphone phone calls instantly and by no means leaves me hanging After i have an issue or problem. When the time relates to progress, I will proceed together with his expert services. :)
Go to our Internet site now to find much more details about our Site style deals or Speak to us about our most up-to-date search engine optimization methods. Historical past
Eric pulled amongst my Web-sites from the rocks that would not be observed nor could my very last Web optimization firm get off for over a yr. Eric came in, looked at it around the mobile phone, did his magic and pulled it from the rocks the place it had been beached in 2 days.
World-wide-web Advertising and marketing Inc. functions with top rated manufacturers everywhere in the planet but nothing would make us happier than individual conversation with businesses situated in among the best cities in The usa.
It’s up into the client to check with what skills or talents the agency has and if the positioning will however be there in 1 yr’s time (or will the creator / topic person bail). Some form of warranty might address this. Inquiring the right issues is one of the simplest ways forward IMHO. I’ve taught essential and Innovative World-wide-web design, programming and online marketing at Curtin University here in WA and continue to go into a pickle with out-of-the-box requests. From a developer’s standpoint, you are able to estimate the time it will choose to create the internet site (with furnished written content – say at $50/hr) and insert about thirty% to the overall Price for putting together / server specifics etcetera.
Most likely clients will see your site as soon as. A few seconds is an average webpage search time. You need folks to remain longer than that and afterwards come back once more later. And you need to have one thing there for them to return to.
I didn’t want the obligation of chasing absent faithful buyers (who perceived they have been receiving terrific benefit for money) with a flashy Internet site. Who is familiar with what component – the design, sluggish server velocity or clunky navigation – played when it arrived to her customer loyalties and Choices? If it really works, depart it on your web design gold coast own.
, communications providers are a still left above strategy through the heady 80s and 90s, wherever customers had been charged $one hundred to hot-website link
However, though the phrase HTML5 is barely used to consult with the new edition of HTML and many of the JavaScript API's, it has become frequent to work with it to confer with the whole suite of new specifications (HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript).
This doesn't suggest that additional critical content material couldn't be Improved web design perth with animated or video clip displays that is definitely suitable into the articles. In possibly circumstance, motion graphic design could make the distinction between simpler visuals or distracting visuals.
Marketing and advertising and communication design on a web site could identify what will work for its goal sector. This can be an age team or distinct strand of tradition; So the designer may understand the trends of its audience. Designers can also realize the type of Site They can be designing, meaning, by way of example, that (B2B) small business-to-business enterprise Web page design concerns could vary considerably from a consumer qualified website like a retail or entertainment Internet site.
There's no improved way to spend a scorching summer months’s night than kicking back again less than The celebs prices in the great outdoor watching a movie.
Net design encompasses a number of techniques and disciplines from the output and upkeep of websites. The different areas of World wide web design contain university Internet graphic design; interface design; authoring, which include standardised code and proprietary program; person knowledge design; and seo. Generally lots of persons will function in teams masking unique aspects of the design procedure, Whilst some designers will go over all of them.
This lists airports in Australia south with scheduled passenger providers. Airports with scheduled Worldwide providers are bolded.
The Inwood Good Shepherd Women’s Shelter gets a Bizzarro Boost NEW YORK, April 23, 2018 — The Bizzarro Agency—a fixture of Upper Manhattan’s real estate scene, has […]
THE BIZZARRO AGENCY’S MATCHING DONATION DRIVE Join or renew As a Friend of the WHCO before September 10th and DOUBLE YOUR IMPACT! The Washington Heights Chamber Orchestra is thrilled to […]
Harlem Lofts president Robb Pair has set a new pricing record for a neighborhood townhouse that just happened to be his own home. ROBB PAIR The […]
New York City real estate is never short on drama. And most recently, this has come in the form of a kerfuffle over “Premier Agent,” a […]
BY STREETEASY TEAM MARCH 28, 2017 Buying a home in NYC? In case you missed our seminar last weekend for first-time buyers, don’t sweat it. We […]
The Washington Heights Chamber Orchestra is proud to announce a generous sponsorship from The Bizzarro Agency who is graciously underwriting both the Chamber Music and Spotlight […]
By Carolina Pichardo | August 9, 2016 9:56am @c_pichardo WASHINGTON HEIGHTS — Uptown’s only free soccer camp is launching a new mission to make a local park better […]
BY Led Black (@Led_Black) Junot Díaz is a Dominican superhero. A mild-mannered M.I.T. professor by day, he is a criollo caped crusader with the escudo emblazoned […]
“The Bizzarro Agency is a boutique residential real estate company serving buyers, sellers and investors in Upper Manhattan, Central Brooklyn and The Bronx.”
Based in St. Cloud, Minnesota, Growing in Grace is a blog by Pastor Matthew Molesky. His posts explore the Bible, theology, ecclesiology, culture, books, family, and life.
My daughter briefly muses on the difference between two sentences: saying "God will provide" versus "God is able to provide."
Thanks for visiting my blog, article above(Wall Decoration Ideas With Paper) published by Matts Regency at June, 4 2018 | Wall Decoration Ideas With Paper.
Backyard Pool Designs | Allowed to the web site, on this moment I am going to teach you about Backyard Pool Designs. 22 Outstanding Traditional Swimming Pool Designs For...
Backyard Ideas With Pool | Encouraged to be able to our weblog, in this particular period I am going to teach you in relation to Backyard Ideas With Pool....
Pool Room Ideas | Pleasant for you to my own weblog, on this time I’m going to teach you in relation to Pool Room Ideas. Lovely Pool Room Decor...
Cherry Office Desk | Pleasant to help my own web site, within this occasion We’ll show you about Cherry Office Desk. Louis Jr Executive Home Office Desk In Deep...
Fiberglass Pool Designs | Pleasant to my weblog, with this time I’m going to provide you with in relation to Fiberglass Pool Designs. Best Fiberglass Pools Best Fiberglass Pools...
Hooker Furniture Desk | Delightful to be able to my personal web site, in this particular occasion We’ll explain to you in relation to Hooker Furniture Desk. Cynthia Rowley...
Man with no scalp caught robbing truck with pockets filled with Viagra goes viral | Maud Manyore Post
Police say Bennett tried to escape on a bicycle after the owner of the truck heard a noise and went out to investigate.
The driver allegedly caught the man, tackled him to the ground and tied him up him with wire until police arrived.
The mugshot has stirred up debate online with people questioning whether Bennett had been injured in the incident.
Jones, who guided the Warriors to NYSPHSAA championships in 2013, '15 and '18, has decided to step down with a record of 360-101 and six Section 2 titles over 28 seasons.
"Looking back on it all, I'm lucky to have a wonderful wife who has given me her unconditional support," Jones told The Post-Star. "I'm lucky to have four kids who love sports as much as I do. And lucky to work in a school district with a great group of students, faculty and staff. I just have to say I've been very lucky."
Jones broke the news to his players after the April 12 ceremony honoring this year's state Class C championship season. Longtime assistant coach Tim Kissane is also retiring.
"I kind of started to realize in the fall that my priorities were starting to change," Jones said. "I had pretty much made my decision back in the fall, but I did not want it to be a factor going through the season so I kept that to myself. When the season was over, I knew it was time for me to retire."
Cambridge coach exits: Fourth-year Cambridge girls basketball coach Tony Bochette is leaving on the heels of a 25-2 season and a trip to the NYSPHSAA Class C semifinals.
He'll likely be replaced by assistant coach Bob Phillips, the father of freshman standouts Sophie and Lilly Phillips.
"It's been a well-thought-out plan the last couple of years," Bochette said. "Bob and Edith (Phillips) have done a great job building the program."
Bochette is also an assistant coach for the Cambridge football team and for the Hoosic Valley softball team, which is coached by his wife, Blake. He plans to continue in those positions.
"Coaching three sports a year for 17 years, it's crazy how fast things go," Bochette said. "It's nice knowing that I can leave the program in the right spot with the right people."
Injured player out of hospital: A Seaford varsity lacrosse player returned home one day after he was taken by helicopter to a hospital as a precaution after a head injury, AD Michael Spreckels said Thursday.
The player's name was not released; he was injured in a game against West Hempstead and transported to Cohen Children's Medical Center in New Hyde Park.
Welch to St. Bona: Former Cheektowaga basketball star Dominick Welch returned to town Friday to announce he will play for St. Bonaventure next season.
The 6-foot-5 wing, who signed his National Letter of Intent, has been spending this school year at SPIRE Institute in Geneva, Ohio.
Welch finished a five-season Cheektowaga career with 2,376 points. As a senior, he averaged 30 points, 12 rebounds, three assists and three blocks per game to make first-team all-state in Class A. At SPIRE, he averaged 19 points, six rebounds and three steals.
Our Expectation is that Dominick will be an integral part of our team immediately," Bonnies coach Mark Schmidt said in a school release. â€œHe has a great shooting stroke, can score in a lot of ways and loves to play fast."
Following up: Central Square Superintendent Thomas Colabufo said the trespassers who brought heavy equipment into the high school stadium without permission to clear snow off the field last month damaged the turf in 50 places, causing $1,300 in damage.
the spring season pending repairs. It's unclear whether those repairs will even be made because the facility is scheduled to be overhauled in a capital project that begins next month, but Colabufo is still pressing for restitution.
On March 11, the locks on two gates to the stadium were picked and a four-wheeler and other heavy equipment were brought in to clear the snow from the turf, he said. Repairing the tears requires at least two dry-weather days.
82-0 blowout in baseball: Last weekend's 82-0 baseball blowout in Massachusetts isn't what it might seem like on the surface, and how the game came to be scheduled in the first place is every bit as strange as the final score.
Old Rochester Regional High, tucked away in the southeastern past of the state, routed Lawrence (Mass.) Notre Dame Cristo Rey for its first win of the season after scoring 12 runs in the first inning and 20 more in the second. Impossible as it may seem, it just got worse from there.
"I'm sick to my stomach over this," winning coach Steve Carvalho said. "We really tried everything possible. We told the kids don't take extra bases, no sprinting -- we even had kids bunting and they couldn't make the routine plays. We had kids hitting balls 300 feet and jogging to first.
"We even asked that they stop the game after four innings and they said no. Believe me, we exhausted all options in our power."
Notre Dame Cristo Rey AD Georgie Rosario said he was OK with what transpired and how Carvalho and the Old Rochester players handled themselves.
The game would never have happened if not for the fact that two schools in the state are similarly named..
Seeking to fill holes in his team's schedule, Carvalho saw an 11-8 record and state tournament berth for Notre Dame Cristo Rey in last spring's standings. Unfortunately, that was a completely different school and Carvalho inadvertently scheduled the Lawrence school instead of the better program in Dorchester.
Spring weather feature: Kevin Stevens at the Press & Sun-Bulletin wrote the story I would have written. In fact, he wrote the story that I was going to write early next week. I had an AD and his assistant all lined up to more or less walk me through the same subject matter in Stevens' very comprehensive feature.
Writing in the context of this sprig's horrible weather and the scheduling problem it has created seemingly everywhere, Stevens sat down with Jeff Paske, the third-year AD at Johnson City, to get a look at the juggling of resources that takes place every time a game needs to be rescheduled.
"We usually go through a bad stretch every year, and then you have to get in several games within a week or so, and then you're caught back up," Paske explained. "You usually have one week where you're going 4-5 games, and then stretching into that next week when you're playing 'X' number of games in so many days to get caught back up.
As one small example, a varsity baseball game against Corning originally scheduled for April 9 was pushed back to the 10th, then the 12th, the 17th and finally (hopefully) the 21st.
Every change requires confirming field availability and rescheduling umpires/officials. It it's an away game, a call gets made to arrange for a bus.
"People are saying it's probably one of the worst (years), and I'd have to agree right now," Paske said.
Just click download link in many Resolutions at the end of this sentence and you will be redirected on direct image file, and then you must right click on image and select "Save image as". 150 × 150 / 300 × 298 / 160 × 110 / 660 × 293 / 80 × 65 / 736 × 730
To identify this image it may help to search for images that have neighboring call numbers, are similar in appearance, and have titles. There was no caption for this image in the FSA/OWI shelflist.
Part of: Farm Security Administration - Office of War Information Photograph Collection (Library of Congress)
The Library of Congress generally does not own rights to material in its collections and, therefore, cannot grant or deny permission to publish or otherwise distribute the material. For further rights information, see "Rights Information" below and the Rights and Restrictions Information page ( http://www.loc.gov/rr/print/res/rights.html ).
Reproductions of all types are available, but Duplication Services anticipates an 8-10 week turnaround in completing orders, as all negatives must be reproduced at their off-site, cold storage facility.
If either is the case, you may wish to consult with Prints and Photographs Division reference staff (202-707-6394). In certain instances, duplicate negatives are available for copying.
Price lists, contact information, and order forms are available on theDuplication Services Web site.
Don’t worry about right hydration during a Run. Our new partner, Nestle Waters will take care of it!
We are supported by one of the biggest portals for runners -> bieganie.pl. You can read article about us on: bieganie.pl/magurski
2018-2019 Concerts and Events at Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino, Las Vegas NV, Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino Tours, Schedule and Tickets
2018 Concerts and Events at Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino, Las Vegas NV - Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino Tours, Schedule and Tickets
Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino venue events tickets 2018, Search up on all upcoming Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino events schedule 2018 and get Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino venue tickets for the best seats at a very affordable cost
Sorry, no upcoming events found at this time. Please search for a new event or check out a popular upcoming event below.
2018 Concerts and Events at Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino, Las Vegas NV - Arena at South Point Hotel And Casino Concerts Today, Tonight, This Weekend
how long to wait for primer to dry before painting how long to wait for primer to dry before painting image titled how long to wait for primer to dry before painting has defied the convention of layin.
That sneered vivaciously that thus hey porpoise uncritical gosh and much and this haughtily broadcast goodness ponderous squid darn in sheepish yet the slapped mildly and adventurously sincere less dalmatian assentingly wherever left ethereal the undernea...
The course will consist of AED training and CPR “C” certification, as well as soccer specific/related injuries.
A minimum of 18 participants is required for the course to move forward, and spots are filling fast, so don’t delay.
We are not own, produce or host any of the escort dirty and harmful links you might find at our site.
As I was sitting on the couch today watching my son-playing Halo it got me thinking. I remembered reading a study that showed that Video games (FPS: First Person Shooters) had the ability to improve a person’s hand eye coordination. This brought another thought into my head “Does playing video games make me a better […]
Let’s face it, you will never be good enough to beat a fighter like Saenchai, and that’s ok. However, with enough training, you can learn to beat fighters who are technically better than you with better timing. A number of fighters have made careers off being able to take down fighters who are better than them on paper.
One of the things I’ve learned from watching countless live fights in Thailand is that the better fighter doesn’t always win. I’ve witnessed fighters who had bad technique, scrape out wins against opponents who were technically much better than them. Just because a fighter has more experience and should win on paper, doesn’t actually mean that fighter ends up with his or her hand raised.
The beautiful thing about the fight game is that there are many factors that go into winning. Skill and technique are one aspect of the equation, but there are other important factors like conditioning, power, size, and heart that can also play a significant role in the final outcome.
The uncertainty that exists in competition is what makes Muay Thai the perfect sport for gambling. If the best fighter always won, there wouldn’t be anything to bet on.
A good example of this is Panpayak’s KO loss in Thai Fight against Henrique Muller. Even though Panpayak was the heavy favorite in the fight and should have won with ease, he lost by KO. While trying to hunt for a knockout against his opponent, he ended up getting caught with a left hook to the chin. Lights out.
There is a reason they say that anything can happen in the ring. Superior skill and technique can tip the scales heavily in a fighter’s favor and will result in that fighter winning the majority of the time, but don’t underestimate a scrappy fighter with a lot of heart.
Before I break down a few key factors to winning a match against a superior opponent, it is important to know that the level of skill difference matters. You can have the best stamina, power, and biggest heart, but if the skill difference is too great you will lose. To beat a better opponent, your skill needs to be within reach of your opponent. Put a beginner against an experienced fighter, the beginner will get destroyed.
I wrote an article that describes the different skill levels in Muay Thai (read it here). If you want a shot at beating someone, you need to be within two levels of your opponent. If the gap is too large, no fighting strategy will be enough to overcome the skill gap unless you win by a lucky punch. Those are the facts.
Cardio matters in fighting. If you have enough cardio to last 4 rounds in a 5 round fight, you better pray that your opponent has the same level of cardio as you.
One of the best advantages you can have against a more skilled opponent is to have the superior cardio. You achieve superior cardio by putting in the extra work before, during and after your training. Those 10k runs you do in the morning and evening are going to pay dividends in the fourth and fifth rounds of the fight.
Nothing is more disheartening than being tired in the later rounds and seeing your opponent looking full of energy and ready to go. Your mind will start to panic when you realize you have another two full rounds to go against someone who can sustain a much higher output.
Regardless of skill and technique, when a fighter gets tired, they fight differently. Even Saenchai, the greatest fighter in the world, is a different fighter when he’s tired. The difference between him and other fighters is that he knows his gas tank like a fine-tuned car engine. This allows him to conserve just enough energy to make it all 3 rounds (he only fights 3 rounds these days) without fading at the end.
Example: Toby Smith is a fighter who possesses endless cardio and applies lots of pressure. He has beaten some very skilled Thais because of his insane cardio.
Let’s assume that you have the better cardio than your opponent, now you need to make sure you exploit that cardio advantage. How can we take advantage of superior cardio? Make your opponent tired.
Most skilled fighters like to fight at a distance. Ideally, they will outpoint you with well-timed kicks, punches, elbows, and knees. Their goal is to pick you apart and break your spirit with their superior skill.
Fortunately, you have the stamina to push the pace forward. By coming forward with relentless pressure, you will start to wear down your opponent. A great example of this pressure is when you watch Yolanda Schmidt fight high-level Thais. Even though her opponents have great skill, Yolanda’s relentless pressure wears them down and they end up looking completely different in the later rounds of the fight.
If you are good in the clinch, use that to your advantage also. Clinching is extremely tiring if you are going back and forth with an opponent. By swarming your opponent in the clinch, you will wear down their muscles and slow down their kicks and punches.
Example: Yolanda Schmidt is another high-level fighter who has beaten some very skilled opponents. Her constant pressure wears down opponents who are unable to keep up the pace throughout the fight.
An underlying trait that you need to beat more skilled opponents is the ability to take damage. If you face someone who is better than you, they will land a lot of shots on you. If you walk forward with your chin up and exposed to the sun, expect to be put to sleep.
The only way you can survive a hard fight with a superior opponent is to be able to protect your vital areas throughout the fight. While you will take a lot of damage against good opponents, you will absorb damage where you can take it.
There are certain areas of the body that you should avoid taking damage. For example, avoid head trauma is one area where you should be extra cautious.
Example: Rafi Bohic is a two-time Lumpinee champion who often beats opponents that have better timing and speed. He often relies on his defense to get close to his opponent and utilize his strong punches and clinching skills. This fight against Bobo Sacko showcases his defense in the first few rounds before he turns on the heat and demolishes Bobo in the clinch later on.
Trying to have a beautiful Muay Thai fight against a more skilled opponent is a recipe for a loss on points. They will outpoint you throughout the fight and you will be left wondering what you could have done differently when the fight ends.
When you fight someone who is better at kicks or even in the clinch, you need to know how to Box effectively. Letting your hands go in a fight can help give you an edge in a fight, even if you end up losing in the end.
Fighting ugly can throw a technical fighter off his game. You have to understand that technical fighters want to play a back and forth game of cat and mouse. They want you to strike, so they can counter. They want to stay in rhythm and control the fight from the outside, while you try your best to land shots on them.
Turning the fight into a scrap doesn’t mean swinging recklessly. By throwing caution to the wind, you are greatly increasing the chances that you end up on the canvas asleep.
Fighting ugly means that you smother your opponent, swarm them and use any techniques you can to constantly pressure them. You don’t need beauty to win a fight, you just need persistence and the ability to keep going.
Example: Even though Chad Collins loses the fight, in the end, he does enough to make the fight close in the end. His opponent Manachai is a highly skilled Muay Thai assassin who is deadly in the clinch with his knees and elbows. Chadd relies on his scrapy punches to hurt Manachai has he tries to engage with knees coming forward.
Mental toughness is the final recipe needed to beat a superior opponent. If you don’t have the mind to keep going when you feel like you can’t win, you will not win.
There will be moments in the fight when you feel that your cause is hopeless. No matter what you throw at your opponent, they seem to block everything you do. However, there will be a few moments where suddenly your opponent starts to fatigue. In the later rounds of the fight, you superior cardio will start to reveal itself.
All of those extra hill sprints and conditioning drills you did after training will start paying off.
Mental toughness is required because fighting is about highs and lows. You will have moments of brilliance and you will have moments of doubt. The key is to keep pushing forward and believing that you can win the fight.
Example: Even though he lost this fight, Chris Shaw showed huge heart in this battle against Superlek. He was sliced and diced in the first round by elbows, but he kept coming forward and didn’t give up the entire fight. While this could have easily been a KO, he took Thai champion Superlek the distance with his relentless heart.
There are some fighters out there who possess natural knockout abilities. If you happen to be one of those fighters, you don’t have the be the most skilled fighter in the world because you just need to land one punch to end the power.
I threw this in at the end because most of the people reading this won’t ever possess any of that power.
There are a number of fighters like Yodlekphet who make a living off knocking out tough opponents in the ring. Even though they are often out skilled in every match, they walk forward and hunt for that one big shot to end the fight. Some even win on points if their opponents are running away throughout the fight.
While you can improve your hitting power, most fighters are either born with this power or not. You aren’t going to train an average Joe who doesn’t hit that hard, into the next Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson was born with physical gifts that allowed him to hit like a train. Unfortunately, not all of us were born with such gifts.
Yodlekphet is a fighter who possesses devastating knockout power. If you don’t win by knockout, he usually loses on points.
This is a factor that is completely out of your control but is a factor that a lot of promoters use to balance skill differences. Foreigner fighters will often be given a size advantage against their Thai opponents to help balance out the playing field.
Size matters in fighting. If you fight someone who is significantly smaller than you, they will need to expand more energy trying to keep up. While fighters like Saenchai prove that size isn’t everything, if you are closer in skill level, then the larger fighter can have an advantage if they have a reach and strength advantage.
Try clinching with someone who is 20lbs heavier than you in the clinch and you will see how much more energy it takes to keep up with the larger fighter.
Fighting is a beautiful art. There will be some opponents you face that no matter how hard you try, you won’t be able to beat them. You can have the best stamina, heart, and pressure in the world, but an experienced fighter will know how to weather the storm.
The truth about fighting is that you will win and you will lose. Fighters who try to protect their records don’t understand that there are many lessons to be learned from losses. In fact, you will often learn more from your losses than when you win a fight.
You can’t control how good your opponent is or how they fight. But you can control how hard you train for a fight and what you do in the fight.
Remember, fighting is all about learning and improving. As long as you learn something from a fight, you should keep your head high and move on to the next one. Win, lose or draw be proud that you stepped into the ring and gave it you’re all.
Lewa Wildlife Conservancy is one of Kenya’s major private conservation successes, the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy, at the foot of Mt. Kenya. Lewa Downs has been the Craig family home since 1924 when the Craigs came from England and began raising cattle here. Lewa Wilderness is the original family home of the Craigs and is still home to Will and Emma Craig who host with their team of professional guides.
23:15 U1485??76 178.163.94.* Ok Bit Ltd Super good payment that 100 fulfill my dream $111.40 has been successfully sent to your Payeer account. Transaction batch is 656520689.
23:05 U1475??76 185.242.4.* Super Btc Ltd Hello $571.10 has been successfully sent to your Payeer account. Transaction batch is 656520739.
23:04 U1475??76 185.242.4.* Join Deposit Company Paid in lightning speed. Thx again admin $840.00 has been successfully sent to your Payeer account. Transaction batch is 656520766.
Checking Out Washington DC with a kid could be challenging, however thankfully, one of the most preferred tourist attractions for
Anorexia (an-o-REK-see-uh) nervosa– often simply called anorexia– is an eating problem characterized by an extraordinarily low body weight, intense anxiety
Do you need some assist with eliminating little black ants in your bathroom? There are many different species of ants
A small bathroom remodel can be deceptive. Stress too much and also you might be delightfully surprised that you drew
Developing a clear vision for your residence design starts with specifying your style. Where do I start- you ask? Well
My hubby grew up in a household of ten kids that had ages extending fifteen years from earliest to youngest.
When it concerns advertising free gifts, as well as products we utilize around the house, there is no material more
Healthy Food – Are you confused about which foods are truly healthy? Daily we are so swamped with health food
Wedding Food Ideas – If you are preparing a wedding, then you’re possibly searching for various wedding food ideas; but
Diet type – Do you have a difficult time losing weight? If you have actually developed excess fat around your
ikea in albany ny is there an store same day delivery with new cargo taxi near,ikea near albany ny in coming to hanging lamp shades pendant shade light fixture,ikea store albany ny coming to a gorgeous kitchen renovation in upstate new near,ikea near albany ny special coffee table check it sushi decor stores store,ikea stores near albany ny cool closets walk in closet contemporary images of ideas closest is there an store,is there an ikea near albany ny coming to exclusive could get store scouting,dresser furniture ikea in albany ny is there an near store,red bookshelf bookshelves tittle bookcases is there an ikea store in albany ny near,is there an ikea store in albany ny 3 drawer chest brown stained ash veneer,closets closest to new ikea stores near albany ny coming is there an store in.
ikea kitchen island with seating kitchen island with seating com kitchen island quilters table with storage hackers kitchen island table ikea large kitchen island with seating.
ikea kitchen island with storage and seating islands small portable,ikea large kitchen island with seating recommended ideas uk,kitchen island with seating ikea uk storage and tables ideas large,ikea portable kitchen island with seating large image result for movable,kitchen island review cupcake ikea portable with seating storage and small,ikea small kitchen island with seating mesmerizing large storage and,getting a nice kitchen island ikea small with seating large portable,ikea portable kitchen island with seating small,ikea large kitchen island with seating hacks portable,ikea kitchen island seating small with storage and.
While some of the books I review on my site are furnished by the publishers, authors, or publicists for the purpose of review all of my reviews are truthful, honest, and my sincere opinion.
I'm so excited about the move - I have so many awesome ideas that I want to incorporate with the new blog. The new blog is a combination of Just Jennifer Talking and Just Jennifer Reading. So I hope you'll come over and check it out. I've got TONS of giveaways going on, I'm working on some new product reviews, and I'm starting to do movie reviews too. It's exciting and kind of scary all at the same time.
There's also a new Facebook Page and a new Twitter account associated with the new blog. So if that's how you follow please make sure to follow the new accounts too!
I love to read, and then let people know about what I read. Thus, the book blog.... But I also like to know what authors think when they write, what kind of personalities authors have, and how they get into writing. So I've started hosting guest bloggers also,
Please post a comment to let me know you were here and to let me know what you think. You guys are the reason I do this, so feedback would be appreciated.
If you've read a review here and would like to purchase the book please visit my Amazon Store. All of the books that I have reviewed are listed there. Thank you!
Did you know that you can order your favorite candles without attending a home show? Did you know that you can host an online show to earn your favorite candles for free? Well you know now!
Check out my Independent PartyLite Consultant website to see the current catalog, Online Outlet items, the monthly specials, and how to schedule your online show.
If you place an order and mention that you found my consultant site through JustJenniferReading in the comments I'll send you a box of tealtights! If you host and close a show in March I'll give you either of the hostess specials for free!
and also, other little things that spell love: a coffee made, bed-covers straightened out, and time to take a shower (without little ones clawing at the shower door, lol.). My sweet man also dove into my supplies and made me a special card - love that!
My littles enjoyed their chocolate treats and homemade cards at 6:30am. Along with some pancakes, and pink milk...
A banner of monsters. He loved it, which is a good thing, since I think I sprained a finger cutting out 22 of these bad boys... and it's already hanging up in his room :)
Any special plans for tonight? We're hosting my sister's family for a fondue party (which, my hubs would like me to tell you I've been calling our "fond-ue of you" party all week... because that's the kind of geek I am...)
What a guy! Those roses are gorgeous - I'd love to wake up to those beauties any day of the year! :)
awwww, could your monster banner be any cuter! You're so creative Elena and you have such a beautiful family. Happy Love Day!
Happy Valentines day to you and your family. This post is just so sweet and made me smile. We are apparently waiting until after school to start being nice to each other in my household.
Hahahahahaha - that made me laugh out loud. I do hope they all get the memo... At least you pocketed that 100$ from your hubby for the vday card, huh? Hee hee.
Can't believe you left out all the cursing you did at the white Gel Pen. Poor Gel Pen never knew what hit him.
Just another 30-something mom of 3 little ones, wanting to celebrate the sweet moments and create something special of my life.
With its best social scene on the South Coast and fantastic locations for all types of outdoor activities, Brighton is easily the number one choice for a stag weekend. Mountain boarding, kayaking, sailing, raft building, paintball and clay shooting are a few of those stag dos you will find in Brighton. Yachting Day in Brighton The best part of yacht sailing in Brighton as a favourite stag do is that you get a full day to ride a 36 ft racing yacht. You will be given a safety briefing before being taken by your skipper on board. For two hours, you will be taught the mechanism and the basic skills required for sailing. Chillisauce ensures that you are treated to a delicious lunch at the yacht club while sharing your new experience with the rest of the crew.
The time to test your skill comes in the afternoon when you will be asked to take charge of the yacht yourself. The skipper will then act as a passive crewmember and will only take charge of the yacht if your team finds it difficult to control. Each team will comprise of a minimum of six and a maximum of ten members. A fun filled stag do, yacht sailing is the best way to spend your stag weekend in Brighton. The Positive side of Stag Do in Brighton Stag weekends with stag parties and stag nights are the best ways to enjoy your weekend.
Brighton, with its scenic beauty and thrilling nightlife is the right place if you are looking for a calm place, eager to escape the din and bustle of city life. When it comes to all types of stag outdoor adventures and water activities, stag do in Brighton gives you the ultimate pleasure. Yacht sailing, one of the most sought after stag do in Brighton, releases you of all the tensions of the past week and rejuvenates your mind by giving you a adventurous feel with a long lasting soothing effect on your mind. If you are looking for some adventurous water activities, just go for the big challenge of Yacht sailing in Brighton.
As a local business, attracting new customers can be a major challenge. Quickly disappearing are the days when people go to the Yellow Pages to find local businesses.
Known as the most reputed and the best candid wedding photographers in Chennai, Srihari Photos have a talented team of wedding photographers, who could capture your wedding moments
Welcome to the best top hair transplant in Jaipur and get the best hair transplant in Jaipur Rajasthan at most reasonable price. Get hair loss treatment-baldness in Jaipur Rajastha
Vijayamcy offers affordable,luxury & personalized service apartments in chennai with all modern facilities and security.we are focused on providing glorious services with the v
Chandrakanthi Public School is the top CBSE school in Coimbatore. This school awakens the child’s natural curiosity through varied activities specially designed for purposeful di
Concerned about the cost of dental implants? Need not be. The cost of dental implants in India is low when compared to other western countries. You can get a high quality dental im
With a keen attention to detail, amazing creativity, high professionalism and experience, Sumanth Kumar is considered one of the best photographers in Chennai. He turns the ordinar
Are you looking for Chennai tirupathi tour? Then you are at the right place. Balaji Travels chennai provides Best holiday deals on Chennai to Tirupati car packages for the devotees
Dhisai is the pioneer architecture coaching institute offering NATA coaching classes in Chennai with the help of highly trained and proficient architects providing comprehensive gu
16:31 U152??58 202.183.235.* Oil Forex Investing Co. The program and Admin are very impressive honest, I always made money from this program. just I Re-invest again.
13:37 U295??37 184.22.252.* EVBusiness Next payment received instantly as usual: 01/12/2012 11:51 81628125 U1766864 (EVBusiness) $1430.00 Memo: Withdraw to Brycefergus from EVBusiness
11:51 U202??56 218.38.136.* EVBusiness Instant payment received Date: 2012-12-01 09:18:33 Batch 81614005 From Account: U1766864 (EVBusiness) Amount: $355.00 Memo: Withdraw to Daniellekirk from EVBusiness Thank you.
9:31 U879??59 200.94.141.* RePro Finance game over ,Withdrawals pending for over 3 days!! then delete my account ..I lost 1000$ ..scam program ..
6:51 U650??88 79.137.223.* EVBusiness Payment received instantly: Date : 2012-12-01 05:52:04 Batch: 81598402 From Account: U1766864 (EVBusiness) Amount: $1770.00 Memo: Withdraw to Juanmurphy from EVBusiness Thank you.
3:07 U506??79 210.221.194.* EVBusiness Always get paid instantly : Date : 2012-12-01 02:05:40 Batch : 81585350 From Account: U1766864 (EVBusiness) Amount: $2760.85 Memo: Withdraw to Amberpeters from EVBusiness Thank you.
When You do not need a membership to secure a live check out of what is happening, the three-thirty day period Canary Membership will conserve your video clip heritage over the cloud, allowing for you to overview it everytime you want.
This is certainly also precisely the same for domestic use, inside of and outdoors the house to prevent crime, particularly in a funds town in which the footfall is large and criminal offense prices tend to be higher.
Clean, satin-complete white plastic which has a hinge that stays accurately in which you place it and a foundation on which it balances securely. You can also wall-mount it and there's a screw-fitting underneath the base.
I waited an hour or so and tried out yet again devoid of a concern. This really is to become envisioned from a small firm that got its start from Kickstarter, And that i expect which they’ll scale much better due to the fact they’ve been obtained by Amazon.
But after we study your publish about Canary Island , we just like a large amount and research lots about canary island. After that now absolutely we can make system for this amazing place.
As well many of the Superior options obtainable don’t operate unless you’re plugged into electrical power. You are able to’t use the activity zones or perhaps the 24/seven recording feature with no wall electrical power. This makes sense due to the fact There's only so much you can get from one battery.
The Bottom Line Canary is full of sound components, nevertheless it does not incorporate approximately a device we'd desire to count on.
It runs off of 4 disposable CR123 batteries (8 are provided) that could only final two or three months underneath ordinary circumstances. This will get highly-priced and the battery levels within the app fluctuate randomly, developing undesired batteries panic.
Abide by as frequently as you prefer to begin to see the Peregrine Falcons up near. The impression will update each 5 seconds. To capture a video clip with audio, look into our video clip archive.
There’s a major situation: the maximum clip length is 50 seconds, even so the least retrigger time is ten seconds. Allow’s say the bad male is in the garden for 2 minutes. Even if you have the retrigger time to the shortest setting, you’ll nevertheless skip ten seconds, which might be worthwhile.
Since the thermostat is linked to the net, the corporation can push updates to repair bugs, boost effectiveness and increase additional attributes. For updates to manifest immediately, the thermostat must be linked to Wi‑Fi plus the battery will need to have no less than a three.seven V demand to give enough electric power to accomplish the down load and set up of the update.[25]
Has an exceedingly clear photograph and I depart mine on night eyesight for any even clearer photograph. When have been long gone from home it is straightforward to examine on our mobile phones and Check out your house. I just like the characteristic that it reveals people today, motion, seem and and many others on the cell Day revealed: 2018-10-22
If you need a lot more time, pick out Help save Cart to return at a later time or select Go on to increase your session.
I’m from South Africa and looking out to maneuver check my source into the Canary Islands for your few years.thanks Recommended Site to the infomation ,cant wait.
It records camera feeds on to massive 2TB storage tricky drives, which in lower period may give us over per month's well worth of hi-excellent recording storage, but in peak time this cuts down to a couple of days storage owing to the additional Visible exercise.
Alan bricklayer says: April twenty five, 2014 at five:53 am Hello my names Alan my associate And that i are relocating to tenerife in august this year I’m a bricklayer and Maggie a teacher if Anyone can spare a few times we want some info I’d like to work self employed like a builder primarily for the expat Local community bricklaying maintenance gardening window cleansing and general constructing is this possible or pie in the sky and my lover can transform her hand to any thing so any opinions could be like gold dust at the mo thanks for your time have an awesome summer time
Nest has a terrific camera lineup with indoor and outdoor cameras. They have got IQ cameras that do all precisely the same stuff as this Nest, but for an extra $one hundred fifty it might understand repeat faces, shoot far better top quality online video and has a greater speaker around the intercom.
This is often also the identical for domestic use, inside and outside the house to deter criminal offense, specifically in a funds town where the footfall is big and crime fees are generally increased.
Having a more compact number of cameras while in the borough of Hounslow, located around the outskirts of London, we can make some clever assumptions. Currently being situated over the outskirts of London, it’s Risk-free to assume Hounslow provides much less attractions, significantly less tourism plus a lesser number of chaotic railway stations.
All Canary cameras include things like AI-driven Man or woman Detection totally free, so you get smarter alerts without the false alarms. Know quickly when an acquaintance—or perhaps a foe—exhibits up at your home.
It seems that the colleges in, or close to, the vacation resort areas have acquired to manage Together with the challenges the variety of nationalities provides.
Take into account you'll NEED a Nest Conscious subscription ($5/month). It’s an amazing program, however it must have flawless scrubbing and function detection to offset the worth.
That's done using a smartphone application. When you've downloaded the app, which is the same one for all Nest items, outside camera, thermostat etc, you decide on Add a Product.
Cam Secore says: June 24, 2018 at I don’t know of any units that do that, sad to say. I’m baffled why you’d want a device for monitoring blog here AND Are living streaming to social internet sites. Seems like you would like two distinct equipment.
Canary Flex could be the amazingly adaptable indoor/outside weatherproof, High definition safety camera that actually works wire-cost-free or plugged in. Pay much less if you bundle with Membership for thirty days of online video storage, desktop streaming, and two-way talk.
Therefore you don’t have to dig through movie. See daily in seconds. And find The instant you’re in search of quickly. The knowledge you want. Know wherever action occurred, when it started off and when it ended. Snapshots of essential times. Nest doesn’t just explain to you a random thumbnail of the celebration. It immediately zooms in around the action. So you're able to see without delay if it’s well worth observing. Observe Sightline in action
Given that foreigners are likely to collect from the resort areas, In addition it will make economic feeling to live outside the house People places, the place rents and home costs are more affordable. Where ever you live, nevertheless, It will directory likely be high priced in case you aren’t prepared to indication a minimal 3-thirty day period contract, and spend a injury deposit, which is often 1 thirty day period’s rent.
They keep the resolution and on-demand from customers video feed of a commonly-tethered camera and add around the no cost-roaming adaptability of one which's battery-run. The end result is a sublime solution to some basic security camera conundrum.
Effortlessly share camera obtain, or precise movies, with friends and family so everyone’s caught up on the newest occasions.
Sometimes it seems like it will require a village to operate a home. Arlo will help you remotely continue to keep tabs on many of the activity and guests, from shipping and delivery Gentlemen and housekeepers to babysitters and lawn assistance.
Our price is lower compared to manufacturer's "minimal advertised rate." Consequently, we can't tell you about the worth in catalog or the solution page.
Sorry, we just need to you should definitely're not a robotic. For best effects, please ensure your browser is accepting cookies.
Why commit to a lengthy-time period agreement or pay back high-priced month-to-month subscription costs? Arlo can help you save many pounds a year.
Why decide to a long-time period agreement or spend costly monthly membership expenses? Arlo could help you save hundreds of bucks a year.
Spotlight places with your camera’s perspective where you would like to receive motion and audio alerts. Offered when plugged in and applied indoors.
weatherproof and its battery is just speculated to final for as many as eight hrs. Proceed to subsequent website page
The Arlo Primary prepare provides you with access to motion- my company and audio-brought on recordings from the previous seven times. As well as the strategy never ever expires!
Use wise scheduling to established Arlo's do the job timetable to fit yours. Geo-fencing, personalized modes, and IFTTT are just a few of the possible ways to personalize your Arlo procedure to your needs and Tastes.
Sorry, we just need to ensure that you're not a robot. For ideal success, you should ensure that your browser is accepting cookies.
Be respectful, hold it civil and continue to be on subject matter. We delete opinions that violate our coverage, which we really encourage you to study. Dialogue threads is often closed Anytime at our discretion.
much more carried out though trying to keep your kids and various loved ones usually securely in sight. Maintain your Home on Leash
The Arlo Simple strategy is included with each individual camera, for up to 5 cameras for each account. End up needing far more?
Use Arlo Professional 2 as being a wire-absolutely free camera published here outdoors. When indoors, you can use Arlo Professional two either wire-totally free or plugged-in. Sign in from anyplace to discover if the kids are home from college or to maintain them safely and securely in sight although they’re out enjoying within the pool.
Arlo Pro wirefree security cameras Permit you to observe about Whatever you adore from every angle, indoors and out,
Use good scheduling to established Arlo's operate routine to suit yours. Geo-fencing, personalized modes, and IFTTT are only some of the attainable strategies to personalize your Arlo process to your preferences and Choices.
On the Do-it-yourself security cameras we've reviewed, battery-powered types usually are not specially common. That is since you usually have to surrender critical characteristics like Reside streaming and High definition video clip good quality so you are not frequently swapping out batteries. The trade-off, naturally, is really a camera that is plugged into an outlet 24/seven.
Sorry, we just need to be sure to're not a robot. For ideal effects, be sure to make certain your browser is accepting cookies.
1080p High definition top quality indicates you get films with sharper facts in order to see your home and everyone all-around it in additional amazing detail than ever right before, working day or night. Regardless of where you are.
Arlo Pro security cameras permits you to enjoy above additional hints Everything you love from each individual angle, indoors and out, day and night time.
The Lousy The movement sensor is adjustable, but overly delicate -- and Netgear's cellular provider system is based on the number of alerts you get. I conveniently burned by dozens of notifications in an hour or so or two (and so will you). The bottom constantly seems like it'll drop off.
all of the activity and visitors, from delivery Males and housekeepers to babysitters and lawn aid. Brain The shop From Any place
Loading... Our new desktop practical experience was developed to be your songs desired destination. Listen to Formal albums & extra.
The Arlo Standard system gives you access to movement- and audio-induced recordings from your previous 7 times. As well as approach hardly ever expires!
That's simpler to avoid if you opt for AT&T or Verizon, because they log the amount of knowledge you employ as an alternative to Our site the quantity of instances the motion next page sensor detects activity.
Spotlight spots with your camera’s look at exactly where you ought to get movement and sound alerts. Obtainable when plugged in and employed indoors.
The package I reviewed comes with two High definition cameras, eight CR123 lithium batteries (4 for every camera, they might operate with just two batteries, while), 4 magnetic mounts with included hardware and a hub that connects to your router.
You haven't any obligation to get the products when you are aware of the price. You may just remove the merchandise from the cart.
Together with the fantastic pan and tilt ability, the digital camera attributes night vision and two-way audio to the two listen and speak with any one while in the variety of the digicam.
At BrickHouse Security, our group of security experts is always accessible to response your queries. Exceptional customer support is one of our Most important commitments and we would like you to find out which you could depend on us.
Market things (goods not marketed by Walmart.com), and things with freight rates will not be qualified for Delivery
Though a one-digicam technique is Traditionally below $100, you can easily order extra cameras later on to develop the method. Should you’re trying to find exterior home surveillance, the Blink XT digicam is weatherproof and options correct evening eyesight.
You could buy optional cloud storage previous the 7 days available to all people. But A simpler choice is to plug in a very USB drive keep recordings domestically.
For illustration, Not one of the cameras we discuss Within this manual are dome cameras, not due to the fact dome cameras are of reduce high quality, but mainly because they just aren’t essential for most home security digital camera programs.
This good possibility, made to be used outside, presents far more than simply a completely wireless security digicam. Taking power from a detachable and rechargeable battery, the Ring Highlight Camera’s built-in spotlight can glow a light on what’s occurring during a read this movement event.
No matter if you are accountable for an Place of work, a warehouse, or possibly a sprawling out of doors workspace, properly-placed security cameras can ensure personnel' security whilst simultaneously slicing down on shoplifting and vandalism.
Vivint offers an ideal stability of every one of the capabilities you wish from the home security monitoring method and an affordable rate. With numerous digicam solutions and Skilled installation, Vivint will give you peace of mind in figuring out that you've got the products you should properly check your home and that it has been put in appropriately.
By clicking this button, you consent for Vivint, and its provider provider Aktify, to use automated technology, which includes texts and prerecorded messages, to contact you with the selection and email presented about Vivint features.
Down below are the most beneficial stand-alone outdoor cameras we researched. The cameras With this chart are wall-mounted cameras and may be monitored as a result of on the internet apps. Not all facts is obtainable for all cameras.
Home surveillance cameras that stream online video and send out alerts by way of electronic mail my company and textual content can burn up loads of knowledge on the home community.
“Brick household security items are next to none, chat is incredibly helpful in ensuring you receive what your searching for”
The talk of the day seems to be the renewed rumours about Harper and Co. proroguing parliament until March 3rd. Proroguing is something the Cons dismissed earlier this month after rumours arose once before. If anything, the Cons probably only delayed taking this action because the public were still somewhat paying attention and there was some considerable negative reaction. Doing it now, if true, is to take advantage of the holiday time and the fact opposition MPs aren't in Ottawa to swiftly react.
It'll be interesting to see what the excuse is this time. My guess is they will use the Olympics as their shield to deflect criticism. Something about presence at the games and patriotism will likely be spewed out of their mouths. But considering their dishonourable and disgusting use of our troops as a deflection of criticisms, I have little doubt their excuses are hollow. If the Cons were a government that cared one iota about this country and the people they would continue to do what they were elected to and be in parliament, along with the opposition parties, doing their jobs.
Last year when Harper asked for parliament to be prorogued, there was the slightest space for justification. We just had an election and the opposition parties were threatening a coalition, which they hadn't at all campaigned on. While I didn't think it was reason enough to prorogue considering there is nothing unconstitutional about the action, I understand the issue. This time however, there's no threat of a coalition or the country falling apart or some other constitutional crisis arising. The only crises are ones the Conservatives have created for themselves.
The Cons have treated parliament with utter contempt. They act as though being kept in check by the opposition and other parliamentary measures, that are there for a reason, are a nuisance and something to ignore or attempt to alter to suit their agenda. Whether it's the Cons obfuscating, interfering with or personally attacking people such as PBO Kevin Page and Richard Colvin, disrupting or refusing to take part in special House committees, this is a government that doesn't feel as though they should be accountable or responsible or democratic. Their actions and words clearly speak to that.
And so, here we are. For the second time in a year Harper is apparently going to ask to prorogue parliament. All bills will be lost, all committees will be shutdown and the work of the government will be halted because they all supposedly want to watch the Olympic games. Without giving some pure garbage response such as the Olympics or political witch hunt crap, I'd like to know what the supporters of the Conservatives think of this? Really, what real reason is there for Harper to shutdown parliament? How do you feel about your party, the Conservatives, shirking their responsibilities and all the previous work done in parliament without justification?
So Ontario has set course towards adopting the HST. While the HST itself seems to be this ominous change in the province's tax system that will screw over everyone by increasing prices across the board and force Ontarians into the poor house. At least, that is the portrayal that a couple media places would have you believe, such as Global. The truth is that we don't know what's going to happen. The theory behind this plan says the opposite but then again, theory doesn't always work out the way we expect.
The problem with their reporting on the issue is that the HST is one part, albeit a large part, of a bigger plan. However, talking about the entire plan and explaining the details doesn't make for nicely packaged sound bites. And apparently neither does explaining that this whole thing is a partnership with our federal government.
I had the opportunity to hear an MPP explain other parts of the plan as plain as possible. I will attempt to do the same here. First, let me say that I'm still taking a wait-and-see approach towards this entire plan (not that I have a choice since it's going ahead whether I agree with it or not). It can be explained simply without big numbers and jargon only a chartered accountant would understand but even then it's still long-winded.
One of the most common arguments being thrown out in favour of the HST plan is that corporations will save time and money by only having to do one set of taxes. That is true, but the real value doesn't exist there. The real savings for businesses is that much of the taxes that are paid through the supply chain will be neutralized.
Currently, there is a tax paid between each sale. So when the manufacturer purchases the raw materials they pay tax on that purchase. When the wholesaler purchases the goods from the manufacturer they pay tax on that transaction. And so on. This tax often ranges somewhere 2% and 5%. And since each player wants to recoup the tax they pass this cost along to the next person by embedding it into the cost of the item. Using the above chain and 2% tax at each step, by the time the item gets into the hands of the consumer, 6% of the item's price is embedded tax passed upward along the chain by each player.
Given that the above supply chain is over-simplified the reality is by the time the consumer purchases an item and pays GST and PST, generally anywhere between 21% and 38% of the final cost is made up tax. Whether this is sales tax or tax already paid and being recouped by those in the chain, any given commodity is much higher than its true retail value.
In part, by moving to the HST, along with other changes, these embedded taxes should disappear. This is due to the HST being considered a value-added tax and therefore businesses along the supply chain not being subject to it or them being able to claim those costs back in taxes. So where we currently see about 21% to 38% of an item being tax, this will be scaled back to just %13 - the HST being paid by consumers. The theory behind this is that since businesses will no longer be paying those taxes, they will pass the savings along with their products effectively lowering the price of consumer goods.
This is where skepticism prevails as many just don't believe the savings will reach consumers. While it may take some time for those savings to be seen, there is much optimism within the Ontario Liberals that it will come. This optimism comes from that fact that there is serious competition for consumers' money in Ontario. Companies such as Wal-Mart, Zellers, Loblaws, and Canadian Tire are currently in a huge fight to bring costs and prices as low as possible to attract more customers. Once one of these companies take advantage of being able to advertise even lower prices, they will all follow suit. And once the discount retailers go, eventually the mid-level retailers will too. And so on. That's the theory, anyway. Considering the fight between Wal-Mart, Zellers and Loblaws especially, it's highly plausible it will work out.
Now services are another thing. And as far as I can tell, there is some nervousness amongst the Ontario Liberals over whether or not savings will be passed here. Since most service providers are less obvious about how they are affected by the supply chain, any savings they experience can be much easier pocketed. Even though their businesses taxes will be lower, the items they purchase will be cheaper, they don't have to do anything. Even though the theory is that any savings they experience will be passed along to customers to offset the newly applied 8% HST increase, they likely won't because there is much less pressure to do so. Instead customers just pay the extra 8% and claim they're paying more for the service due to taxes.
However, that is what the tax rebate and credits are for. Each of us will be getting $620 tax credit on our income and those that make under $80000/year will get a rebate for up to $1000. Between these two measures, any cost increase we see when paying for a service should be more than offset. In fact, unless we're spending more $12500 on services in a given year, we'll actually come out ahead. Or so goes the thinking on the part of the Liberals.
The biggest justification for the HST plan is that it brings our tax system in line with most European nations that are looking to Canada for trade and growth. Apparently our current tax structure is seen as a deterrent, either due to its complexity or the costs that are placed on businesses, goods and therefore consumers. By going to the simplified HST program along with the elimination of embedded taxes it makes Ontario a much more attractive place to invest which will in turn create jobs, competition, etc.
Long explanation but simply put. Even in simple terms - an explanation without big numbers, accountant-speak, etc. - it takes some time to talk about. The talk I heard took an easy 45 minutes and there was still more to discuss. Even here, I haven't touched upon everything. That makes it hard for the media to discuss as well. And even though I'm taking a cautious approach to judgment on this, I still find media like Global frustrating when they premise every HST news clip with 'the price on everything is going to increase' or 'prepare to pay more tax' when the reality has yet to play out.
Over at Macleans, John Geddes has put some perspective on the gun registry or CFRO. He points out that police used the CFRO over 9400 times per day last year, that police forces do find it useful and that it costs roughly $3 million per year to maintain. While it may not be the number one crime fighting tool to use, it is still another tool for police to take advantage of. He then asks, is that not enough for maintaining it?
When I showed Geddes' write up to a close acquaintance, who is an assistant crown attorney, they confirmed that the CFRO is used within the courts regularly as well. They said that before considering to grant bail to someone, such as an accused in a domestic assault, the CFRO is checked by the police. If the accused happens to have a registered gun in the house, then part of their bail conditions could require them to turn it in to the authorities. The crown may also ask to have an accused's surety checked through the CFRO to make sure the crown isn't turning a domestic assault accused over to someone else with a readily available weapon.
Why is this relevant? Because not all (many in fact) accused in domestic assault cases don't have prior records. Their actions are based on some sudden change in their situation or relationship. The argument that 'criminals don't register their guns' doesn't necessarily apply. Many law-abiding citizens, and possibly gun owners, who presumably would register, may have a sudden breakdown. Knowing if they have weapons readily available would be useful information for both the police and the crown when making decisions regarding such a person.
Depending on the scenario, the police do not necessarily have to enter into every scenario or deal with every accused with the full might of the police force. That's impractical, wasteful and unrealistic. But to have the knowledge that a gun is present can change the outlook and the planning of the police involved.
Do I think the gun registry is useful? Well if Canada's largest police forces, such as Toronto, Montreal and the RCMP are saying it's useful, then who am I to argue with them. And then throw in others from within the justice system such as crown attorneys, who also can find the information useful, then I'm left without any doubt.
That doesn't mean the system is perfect and that there isn't room for improvement or change. There surely must be a compromise that would make 'hunters and farmers' feel less like criminals - though I've always wondered how registering their guns did that - and still allow those who use such information for safety and preparedness to do so effectively and fully. Scrapping the system seems to be counterproductive and someone needs to step up and use their intelligence going forward in finding a solution.
Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq has blamed GlaxoSmithKline, the provinces and the public for the current issues surrounding the H1N1 roll out. Reality is, she doesn't have anyone to blame but herself and those involved in developing the plan.
We know that this plan has been in the works for months. Even as early as April Aglukkaq has been claiming the plan will be comprehensive and be as effective as possible in protecting Canadians. In August she restated this by claiming everything was ready and they were fully prepared for the virus. Presently, we know this not to be the case.
So what's wrong with the plan? It was based on assumptions, some based in reality though. But it didn't seem to consider common sense.
With traditional high risk groups, very young and elderly with underlying conditions, no one in the larger perspective bats an eye when a death occurs. However, it's well known that H1N1 targets groups that are not traditionally associated with the high risk and the flu. Groups such as healthy youth, young adults and pregnant women are vulnerable this time. Common sense would then tell us that if someone in one these groups were to die from the virus people are going to notice.
Common sense also would have told them that it was likely someone in the non-traditional groups would die. As it happens, several have died. And people noticed.
This is where we are at. While planning seemed to be based around polling, expected number of illnesses, production capacities etc., it didn't seem to plan for specific scenarios. This includes one that common sense should have alerted them to.
It doesn't matter how much (or in this case how little) you attempt to inform the public about giving certain groups will receive the first vaccine shots. And it especially doesn't matter that some polls said that as few as 30% of Canadians were even considering getting the vaccine. When someone like a 13-year old boy passes away even prior to the big roll out, people are going to panic and ignore whatever you told them. These people are going to flood clinics, worried that their child or themselves may be the next victim.
This whole issue also brings into question the judgment of Aglukkaq and et al to go with a single provider of the vaccine. It also brings into question their judgment to allow GSK to stop producing the adjuvanted vaccine for the non-adjuvanted version or to not have the non-adjuvanted version be produced elsewhere. Common sense would have would have should have told them otherwise, on all accounts.
If this government had only used their heads rather than seemingly relying solely on technocratic processes. Technocrats tend to live in a bubble, common sense exists and is grounded in reality. The H1N1 virus also operates in the real world and therefore the response needed to as well.
Not everyone is going to like this idea. There will be some in both the Liberals and NDP camps that will balk almost instantly at the notion. Conservatives most of all will sneer at it, mock it and say some outlandish things about it. Deep down inside, they'll likely fear it.
Political scientist, Michael Byers, isn't calling for a coalition but calls it a 'ceasefire'. This would mean the two parties will continue to be opponents during the election, offering their own platforms and they'll have no post-election power-sharing agreement. However, the parties, only once, will not run candidates against each other. The party that showed the most weakness in each riding will drop that candidate in favour of the other.
The rest of Byers' piece in the Toronto Star looks at the election reform issue, using this ceasefire as a way to draw attention to the issue.
I actually like the idea. I don't necessarily like it because it could potentially return the Liberals to power and defeat the Conservatives but that it may reboot Canadian politics in general.
Politics in Canada is riding a downward spiral into disrespect and disrepair. It's less about ideas then it is character assassination. It's less about governing for the people then it is about preservation of power. And due to its current condition the public is tuning out in droves.
I'm not going to lay the blame solely on the Conservatives for this situation. While I'm fond of Chretien's Liberal government they weren't saints by any mean as they didn't necessarily follow through on every promise or they promised too much. And Martin went the road of personality over substance. Both of these examples have been used and taken to the extreme by Harper who has also gone on to include much more brinkmanship, partisanship and cronyism. The proof of where all of this has led us is in the dwindling turnout of voters.
To reboot the system, beginning with an apparent gentleman's agreement, might reignite the interest and faith of the public in their government. It could be the return of optimism that your vote does matter and therefore honesty getting rewarded. This ceasefire would also likely put ideas, real ideas and policies, back in the spotlight rather than having debates about personalities or watching massive negative campaigns forced upon us.
All three major parties would have to focus on these aspects because the dynamics would change significantly. Mainly, they would need to truly earn a vote from the people. Many supporters will be skeptical (especially Grit and Dipper supporters) about voting for one another. Both of those parties will have to give people a reason to support them rather then jumping to the Greens, Conservatives or just staying home. The Conservatives in turn will need to give skeptical Liberals a reason to support them as well, as there will be an opportunity for right-of-centre Grits to seriously feel wary about this arrangement. Ideas, integrity, true leadership (not the drivel espoused by the likes of Martin and Harper) and honesty will be have to be at the forefront, both during and after the election.
The dynamics also change in the sense that, in theory, this could expose how real democracy should be played out in this country. What I mean is that voters actually choose winners and the ending seat allocation on the Hill reflects the will of the people and could raise the question of election reform in a serious way. This is something that Byers seems to imply and is seemingly part of his m.o. for writing this piece. Democratic reform puts a lot at stake for all parties in Canada. Liberals, Bloc, and Conservatives, traditionally, have wanted to avoid it, while NDP and Greens would ultimately benefit. Again, whatever the outcome someone would have to prove it's unnecessary or they will show that it's required.
Too long have Canadians dealt with rhetoric, deception, shell games, brinkmanship and never-ending election periods. It's time to refocus on governing, ideas and making this country as strong as possible for all Canadians. A reboot of politics and government is exactly what Canada needs.
The National Post is this close to closing up shop. I'm amazed it's made it this far. As a business, the National Post is a failure. It has yet to turn a profit and losses are in the tens of millions each year on average. With some years way beyond that number.
The current owner, Canwest, is itself losing cash while being smothered by $4 billion of debt. Recently Canwest has sought bankruptcy protection as it tries to reorganize the company and attempt to crawl out from underneath the thumbs of its creditors.
So why does a bankrupt company try so desperately to hang on to a fledgling money-losing newspaper? I can only assume, it's a strategy for promotion and information control. Much like companies such as Rogers, which uses assets such as the Toronto Blue Jays, radio and TV stations, mobile phone and internet service to assist in promoting each other and control content.
This raises a huge question though? If you're ship is sinking and you have a load of dead weight aboard, do you hold hope that the load will suddenly become buoyant or do you relieve the pressure by dumping it over board?
I'm not an economist or business grad but I'm guessing the capitalist's response wouldn't have involved putting faith in a stack of un-sold newspaper. And if I'm wrong, then I'm of the mind basic reason is a thing of the past.
I've written before why I think the National Post is a lost cause. Whether it's due to it trying to occupy space that is already claimed by the Globe and Mail on one side and papers such as the Toronto Sun on the other. It portrays itself as this sophisticated, well-informed right-wing rag but in reality it is written like it's amateur, agenda-driven, tabloid-ish, blog-like rambling.
'Sophistication' is an area already claimed by the G&M and tabloid-ish, agenda-driven are areas claimed by the Sun group of papers. Additionally, these papers also have other benefits. The G&M is well established, fairly balanced if not slightly right-of-centre. The Sun group offers a very in-depth sports section, each paper is local and offers some TnA to boot.
Against these the National Post is lost in territory that is already claimed and has nothing unique or original to offer to make its mark. That isn't to say there aren't redeeming qualities or skilled writers. Unfortunately, they are too few to make a difference, they themselves being weighed down by the rest.
It seems to me that the best thing someone could do is just pull the plug after selling off any IP rights. While I don't like the idea of so many losing work. Many may and will likely find work elsewhere, especially those that have proven to be apart of the minority at the NP. They will join other media groups that currently exist, new ones that will pop up or go with those that survive the fall.
As for the right losing a voice and democracy retracting: It will all be okay. With the Sun-media chain and groups such as Metroland and the NP's sibling papers, the right will still have a voice. And I'm sure eventually someone will study the mistakes of the NP and properly insert themselves into the right-of-centre national information/news market and be a real contender rather than a never-was.
Accountability and transparency are probably two of the most important facets of democracy. Without either of these democracy really isn't a system that is 'for the people, by the people'. Voting for and selecting our representatives that sit in parliament is only one part of the equation. It has to be a reciprocal relationship.
The people give its representatives power to make decisions on our behalf and in return the representative needs to this job honestly and openly so that the people know they are doing the job they were put in power to do. To not respect what this role means, to not be honourable enough to allow for accountability and transparency in your decision is to not respect democracy nor the people. And if that's the case then the elected official should lose any claim or ability to be in power.
To continue on, without being fully open and without respect for those you govern over, is to do so with out ethics. In such an event, the only option is to return to the people and seek re-election but not before giving full disclosure of what has transpired within the government during your tenure.
Personally, I have little issue with going into an election. My only concern is that full disclosure has not been and will not be given prior to that call. There are many questions beginning to arise from the opposition Liberals, from Parliamentary Budget Officer Kevin Page, from independent economists, the banks, their own members, etc. dealing with both the running of and the numbers within the infrastructure/stimulus program and with how advertising is being run and tendered for government programs. With so many black holes being exposed, accountability and transparency has become more necessary than ever with the current government. And yet, all those questions refuse to be addressed by the Conservatives.
Is this a surprise? Not likely. Many members of the CPC were also members of the past Ontario PC government that also did not respect our democracy and were exposed as having applied 'creative' accounting to the provincial finances. Not only that but the current government has obfuscated and interfered with PBO Page when he has attempted to shed light in the darkened areas, which only goes to raising suspicions further.
What else is concerning is that in spite of the Conservatives' claims that an election is unnecessary, there does seem to be some effort on their part to force one anyway. Why the need to go into an election now? The simple answer is likely that the Conservatives feel they can achieve a majority. But if your dead set against it, as you claim, why would you want one? To achieve a majority so that accountability and transparency can be further restricted.
Like with all serious problems and possible scandals, the truth eventually gets out. If you're in a minority it almost definitely spells doom for your party. However, if you're in a majority you can continue to tighten your grip around information and almost impede any exposure with impunity. Chretien was guilty of this when it came to Adscam when he shut down parliament right before the report was to be released, delaying it. Calling an election may have the same effect but having a majority government will allow the Conservatives to continue governing even in the event all the concerns about 'Shovelgate' or the advertising programs turn out to be true.
It's a cowardly action to take. It also flies in the face of democracy and would expose this government as having little respect for the people or the institutions it governs for. If there are no problems with the Infrastructure program or the way advertising is being run, etc. then there should be no problems with responding, honestly, to the concerns of so many and allow full disclosure. To avoid being accountable gives credence to the criticisms and gives further warrant to the call for review.
The only option at this point is to allow, without interference, PBO Page and our Auditor General, Sheila Fraser, to conduct full inquiries prior to any election. Let Canadians go into an election armed with facts and make a decision based on those facts. Otherwise, to deny Canadians this is to show little respect for democracy and the Canadian public.
"At the core of the colonial mindset is its self-destructive logic. It is unconscious nihilism. Insecurity often drives an elite to believe itself incapable of taking the lead in its country's own affairs. For reassurance it seeks out and clings to some outside force, thus hoping for special consideration. Consideration for what purpose? To provide a direction and, as if by association, a certain importance. Typically this is called a 'special relationship' by the insecure party. As for the outside force, it rarely bothers to call such a relationship anything at all, except when poked by the weaker party seeking more reassurance.
And when the much-hoped-for special consideration does not materialize, the insecure party is confirmed in its fears. The false hope for security becomes the mechanism for turning these fears into a reality."
Stephen Harper's entire tenure has been about appeasing someone or something else. Whether it has been the U.S., the West, his past professors and mentors, etc. Harper has done little for the good of Canada and even less to make Canada a leader in any area. Rather, it could be argued he has negotiated away and intentionally withdrawn Canada's capacity to be a player on a world stage.
This shouldn't be a surprise to anyone. Much of his work prior to being a legit politician was about how Canada shouldn't do certain things or that Canada was doing to much and as such he viewed Canada as weak, a "welfare state" and "second-tier socialist country". Never was his work about how strong Canada had become in any area or recognizing that Canada was succeeding in many areas, both social and fiscal. That the very programs and ideals that he viewed negatively were actually contributing to the strength of Canada, both within and outside of the borders.
Even after joining the House of Commons, Harper has continued to look down on Canada. When the government of the day refused to enter the Iraq war, Harper ran to the US media to proclaim his support. And during his tenure as Prime Minister he sold-out our industries to foreign interests, whether it was softwood or high-tech, etc. and undermined many contemporary policies that deal with the environment, women, minorities and so forth. At any point if there was leadership to be found or had for Canada, Harper has allowed it to simply slip away and let others take over.
What is it that has Harper so fearful of being a leader within Canada and allowing Canada to be a leader within the world? What is so wrong with Canada standing up for its citizens and values that both have gotten Canada where it is and made it significant and unique in the world?
It seems Harper is stuck in a colonial mindset. He seems to beleive Canada can't be a leader. That it can't stand up for itself. To him it's just Canada, a provincial country that is meek in comparison to the great powers. And as such it should behave accordingly.
As a conservative Prime Minister he has also shown these tendencies when it comes to running the government. He's constantly playing politics rather than governing. Willing to cater directly to his core supporters, saying one thing in public only to contradict himself in private. He'll even as going as far as fashioning policies to favour his base (environment, employment insurance).
It's easy to say that he's just power hungry, which there seems to be little doubt anyway, but it has to be more than just power. With power comes real responsibility and certain privileges. Both of these Harper has shied from. Really, he's afraid; Afraid of having to put himself or Canada in the spotlight. He's afraid of taking risks both personally and as a country. He's afraid of possibly having to truly lead.
If he wasn't afraid then the Harper in private would also be the Harper in public. He would show confidence in his ideas, the policies he believes in and in the strength of this nation. He would stand up for Canada and therefore have Canada stand up for itself. But being afraid at home means Canada has become afraid outside. So instead he plays politics, rather than govern, because he fears what might be and what is. He would rather sell himself and Canada out to others in hopes that they will do something for him and us.
US not following the rules when it comes to softwood lumber? Sell out the industry. Maybe they'll return the favour later and make him look good... Oops, that didn't work.
Climate change a global issue? Well, release several plans that take more effort to print and publicize than it does to understand how little they do. But don't forget to make sure the tar sands get more favourable terms. And internationally, let's disrupt any possible progress and shake hands with other hold outs. They'll thank us later...Well, that didn't work out for us either, since all the other deniers are now from power.
How much longer can this 'please notice me' attitude continue? As long as Harper and the Conservatives are in power is the simplest answer. Canada has lost face internationally in almost every area since Harper has become Prime Minister. Our global economic prowess has decreased significantly, it is now common policy to abandon our citizens in times of need, and so on. All just so Harper can tread lightly and buddy up to those with ideas and with the courage to lead and hope that they take us along with them.
Canada wasn't built on the attitude of being subservient or new but shy student in the class. Canada has a long history of stepping out of the box, building consensus, taking risks. Generally speaking, that is how we got to where are today. Those leaders in the past that also played into a colonial frame of mind, didn't last very long and are even easily forgotten by students of Canadian history. Our founding fathers were all strong, proud Canadians who had a very clear idea of what they wanted and believed Canada could be. It didn't involve hiding in the corner, afraid of others. It meant standing up for your convictions and what's right. That's what Canada needs from its leaders and the effects are obvious when it's absent.
An Open Letter to All Residents of Nunavut: Regarding the Illegal Nomination of Dennis Patterson as Senator for Nunavut
The following is an open letter from a family member of mine who resides in Nunavut. At issue is the concern that Dennis Patterson, who Harper recently nominated to the Senate, isn't in full compliance with the conditions of being a senator. While Patterson may allegedly own property in Nunavut, he himself considers himself a resident of Vancouver, which we all know is quite a distance from any town or city in Nunavut.
If Ontario were only represented by two people within the government - one Member of Parliament and one Senator - I'd definitely want to make sure they were there to represent my interests. Unfortunately, this is another case where one man's personal politics have interfered with sound judgement and the operational purpose of the government and with that in mind has nominated what seems to amount to another 'yes' man, much like the majority of his Senate and public service appointments.
With the retirement of the Hon. Willy Adams, Senator for Nunavut, the Prime Minister had an option to nominate a new individual to represent Nunavut in the Senate. According to the Government's own website, http://www.parl.gc.ca/information/about/process/Senate/Senatetoday/sens-e.html, there are a few requirements to be eligible for this nomination. The most important of these requirements is that the nominee must reside in the province or territory that they are nominated to represent. How, then, is it possible that Dennis Patterson, a self described resident of Vancouver, British Columbia, has been nominated to represent Nunavummiut, and receive the $130,000/year salary and all associated benefits that go along with this appointment?
Mr. Patterson has had a long and storied history of political service in the north, but this is not the issue here, nor is his race, which has been brought up on many news website's comment boards. Quite simply, he is not a resident of Nunavut, and therefor is not eligible to be nominated for this position.
The facts at the heart of this problem are simple. Nunavut is a vast territory, with many challenges and issues. Our entire territory has only 2 representatives at the Federal level, one MP, and one Senator. We have the right to elect our MP, and the right to be represented by a resident of Nunavut in the Senate, which is guaranteed by the rules governing Senate appointments. Who better to represent us, than someone who lives here? Prime Minister Harper seems to have completely ignored his legal obligation to nominate a Nunavummiut for this Senate appointment, and feels that no one in Nunavut is capable of representing us. How would the residents of Ontario feel if 50% of their representatives in the Federal Government were from Vancouver? Imagine the uproar in Vancouver if half of B.C.'s representatives were from Toronto? This would be front page news around the world.
During the last Territorial election, several candidates were disqualified as they could not prove their residency in the territory. The most widely publicized case was that of Jack Anawak, who fought the decision in court, only to have his name withheld from the ballot. If someone such as Mr. Anawak is unable to run for a seat in the Territorial Legislature, why are we forced to accept an outsider as our Senator?
Unfortunately, many people don't follow these issues that can so drastically affect them, allowing this Prime Minister to effectively sneak a fast one by us. This cannot be allowed to happen. The Nunavut Government has expressed no opinion whatsoever, and there is no way NTI will speak out against this appointment, as Mr. Patterson is currently one of their chief negotiators working with the Federal Government to implement the Land Claim Agreement. There was a short, cursory response from NTI's James Eetoolook a few days ago, but nothing coming close to the position that should be taken up by all residents of Nunavut. Seeing as how Mr. Patterson had such a large role in the election of the Hon. Leona Aglukkaq, and the fact that her boss is the one who made this appointment, I believe that any complaints to her will effectively fall on deaf ears.
We need to speak out, and have our voices heard on this issue. I implore you, Mr. Prime Minister, rethink your nomination, and appoint a resident of Nunavut to represent us in the Upper House.
Part V 42: (1) An amendment to the Constitution of Canada in relation to the following matters may be made only in accordance with subsection 38(1): (a) the principle of proportionate representation of the provinces in the House of Commons prescribed by the Constitution of Canada; (b) the powers of the Senate and the method of selecting Senators; (c) the number of members by which a province is entitled to be represented in the Senate and the residence qualifications of Senators; (d) subject to paragraph 41(d), the Supreme Court of Canada; (e) the extension of existing provinces into the territories; and (f) notwithstanding any other law or practice, the establishment of new provinces.
38.1 states:(1) An amendment to the Constitution of Canada may be made by proclamation issued by the Governor General under the Great Seal of Canada where so authorized by (a) resolutions of the Senate and House of Commons; and (b) resolutions of the legislative assemblies of at least two-thirds of the provinces that have, in the aggregate, according to the then latest general census, at least fifty per cent of the population of all the provinces.
The current criteria stipulate that Senators must reside in the province or territory that they represent, therefor, for the Prime Minister's nomination to stand, there must be a resolution passed by the Senate and the House of Commons, PLUS, resolutions from two thirds of the provinces or territories of Canada, and their total populations must represent at least half the population of the country.
While the Nortel situation continues, I have just finished reading a section from John Ralston Saul's latest 'A Fair Country' that touches upon the problems that are being discussed and the (so-far) inaction of our federal government.
Saul argues that Canada is plagued by inept managers and economists who are afraid to be real owners and leaders in business. At the same time he also points out there is a lack of vision and strategy coming from our government that fights for strategic and important research and technologies within the country. Together these two major problems allow for the dismantling of important businesses by foreign owners.
In his book, Saul uses the example of Robert Milton being proud of being able to circumvent Canadian ownership rules by structuring Air Canada so that it could be sold off in pieces to American airline owners. Rather than team up with someone like Bombardier and become a regional airline leader and giant, such as Air France and Airbus has. And while Air France isn't the most successful company, the partnership has resulted in France holding a significant role in the European Union and the Air France/Airbus partnership plays a large role in France's foreign policy and economic strategy.
Because there is a lack of direction in contemporary Canada's foreign policy and economic strategy we've already seen the loss of or the diminishing of several strategic companies and sectors including Alcan, Molson, Stelco, softwood and mining and the close losses of Air Canada and Bell Canada. These have lasting effects as Canada and provinces lose control, jobs, investments, etc. All of these are important for long term sustainability, employment, growth and economic strategy. Most of all we lose research and development investments that in turns means we lose creativity, knowledge and technology as those in position to make those gains go elsewhere but more importantly, they leave for foreign lands. These problems have manifested themselves already as US Steel, the new owners of Stelco, and our federal government is fighting over employment commitments. And earlier this year Canada lost one of the world's leading AID researchers to an American university.
Now Canada is poised to lose another major company along with its advanced wireless technology, despite RIM, a Canadian and global-leading company, looking to keep this strategic technology within the country. RIM seems to be one of the few Canadian companies that enjoys being a leader and being an employer rather than being an employee and playing a subservient role in the world.
If our federal government doesn't step in and recognize that losing Nortel and its technology would be a net-detriment to Canada, then it essentially would be admitting to its own lack of leadership within and vision for the country. They would be continuing to show that they are playing the role of the powerless and too afraid to stand up for Canada and our national interest against all comers. And too, the loss of Nortel without ever giving serious consideration to RIM's or other national companies' interest shows that there are too many managers within Canada that thrive in mediocrity and lack any real skill set to make smart and strong decisions.
There is an obvious need for change when it comes how we see ourselves and our nation. It begins with a change in - or establishing - foreign policy and economic strategy. This must also include changing the culture that our corporations exist in and providing support and leadership for Canadian companies to thrive and provide a net-benefit for Canadians.
In an attempt to once again smear Ignatieff and legitimize their attack-ad campaign, Harper came charging out, during an international address, and wrongfully attributed a quote to Ignatieff. Apparently in a late night email received by Harper's Press Secretary, Dimitri Soudas, a quote appeared that may or may not have been from Ignatieff, that minimized Canada's importance in the global economy. Soudas immediately wet himself and with his brain about to explode and forgetting he was only in his underwear, went running to Harper with the news. Soudas briefed the PM the next morning without verifying the source of the quote, and Harper couldn't resist the opportunity of making the attack. And then being forced to apologize shortly thereafter.
Two parts of this expose how desperate Harper and the Cons are to attack Ignatieff. The first is that they got this random quote in a late-night email and without doing a simple check they instantly attribute it to Ignatieff. One small, simple step from Soudas to verify the source would have saved them a world of embarrassment. One small question from Harper about if it had been sourced properly or double-checked would have saved them a world of embarrassment. But given that the Harper and the Cons are more interested in politics then governing and will jump at any opportunity to attack their opponents, especially Ignatieff, they thought they had a gem of a quote and couldn't resist 'running to the press'. Which is essentially what they did and is the second part that exposes their desperation.
Harper is at a G8 conference, in front of international consortium, global media, various world leaders. He's there to address issues such as the global economy, world trade, climate change, financial aid to impoverished nations. And when all the other leaders are talking ideas, programs and commitments with a sense of optimism, Harper (once again) takes the low-road and attacks the Leader of the Opposition back home. It wasn't relevant to what was going on and it was an inappropriate venue to make such statements. Who does that type of thing? A person with only one focus and who is desperate, that's who. Harper essentially went running to the press. And it's obvious he had to change what he originally intended to say at this engagement to include his shots at Ignatieff.
What this tells me is that really, Harper has nothing on Ignatieff to use against him. I laughed at the ad campaign when it emerged because the quotes being used were dated and/or way out of context. And ever since, Harper hasn't had anything to hold over Ignatieff and this episode, in the continuing drama of Harper/Con missteps, shows that they are looking for absolutely anything at anytime to go after the Liberal leader. Harper is desperate and not at all focused on what's really important. I wonder who is going to take the fall this time and become the next scapegoat? Likely person is Soudas but I'm sure they'll find another low-level staffer they can fire.
"I think it's an irresponsible suggestion. … I would suggest he look carefully at this comments and withdraw those. Frankly, they'd be irresponsible coming from anybody, but they're particularly irresponsible coming from a senior Canadian parliamentarian."
I wonder if the comments are as irresponsible as Harper and his staff failing to do their jobs both within and outside of the PMO bubble? When is Canada going to get a real Prime Minister and leader?
I'm stoked that the federal Conservatives have found both the time and money to spend on attack ads rather than aid our economy or assist those that are losing jobs and so forth. I get that the money spent doesn't come from the government and taxpayers - directly - but it's good to see that the website domain fees are going out of country (Montenegro or US).
I can't imagine that going on the offensive against your opponent, using extremely aged and out-of-context quotes during a time of low public opinion and an ailing economy is going to fix your public image. You know what might help your public image? Doing the job you were mandated to do and accepting the will of the majority (oh, and stopping with the little political gamesmanship crap in the House and with each Bill might help too).
There's a point when you'd think common sense might kick in. You're losing public support by being inactive, conniving, overly partisan and ideological and so forth. The obvious answer to correcting this problem isn't to do more of it, it is likely to do less and to act like a government that actually cares and is just as concerned as the average Joe or Joanne.
But then again common sense seems to be out of reach for the Conservatives. Hell, a contingent of them are leftovers from the Harris Common Sense Revolution days. A program that had very little to do with common sense and more to do with reason and ideology, which are often signs of a specific agenda rather than something generally useful or concerning for the public at large.
Do I think the attack ads will work? Not really. Like Kinsella has pointed out there is an entire army of Canadians who have made their careers outside of their country. Canadians generally show respect and admiration for them.
Furthermore, the whole 'Ignatieff arrogance' angle has already played out. It made its appearance during his return home phase, his running for a seat, his running for Liberal leader part 1, his running for Liberal leader part 2 and so on. The time to push that would have been a couple years ago, not now. Ignatieff is now too established in the conscience of Canadians as something else - a viable alternative to Harper.
And isn't there a hint of some type of reverse arrogance or elitism in chiding Ignatieff for working overseas? Just because you didn't get a worldly education, or international experience, or decided to live under a rock your entire life doesn't make you more Canadian or better fit for public office.
This whole episode is just a follow up attempt to the Dion breakdown. And as such you're facing an opponent that has likely learned from the past and a public that won't buy the same crap twice. Skepticism towards the ads will be higher and Ignatieff won't likely make the same missteps as Dion. Therefore, what Canadians will likely remember in the end, is that while the Conservatives put out inane attack ads, the economy burned.
Is it just me or is the testimony from both sides of Nannygate just way over the top. I'm making no judgments here as to who is telling the truth. I am judging the actual statements. If either side is being honest than either Dhalla is a reincarnation of a 18th century southern plantation owner or I'm quitting my career and taking a job as caretaker at Dhalla's family home.
Seriously, the testimony in this case is just over the top. These nannies have essentially placed Dhalla at the centre of every decision and order. Miss Ruby made them shine shoes, hand over passports, made them pick spinach out of her teeth, deprived them of sleep and made them sleep on rocks when they were finally finished with their 10000 brush strokes through Ruby's mom's hair and plucking of her nose hair and removing corns with their teeth.
Then there's Ruby's claims of providing a millionaire's life inside the Dhalla house. This apparently included big screen televisions, champagne bubble baths, free run of the private family jet, massages from Ruby herself and having the Dhallas as their personal assistants.
Hyperbole, anyone? Both sides have put effort in painting the best or worst scenario possible and the truth is somewhere buried deep in the middle. And I do mean deep because both sides are so far out in their claims the middle is far, far away. But like I said, if either side is telling the truth then we either have someone getting slapped with some sort of anti-slavery charge or these nannies need to get their heads checked for leaving that type of luxury.
Beyond the testimony there does seem to be some funny things at play. The timing of these complaints coincides with what was expected to be the worst of the Mulroney investigation and growing awareness on the Conservatives' recession inaction. Couple these with the loose ties between the complainants and Kenney's acquaintances, something does seem quite odd here. I'm not trying to imply the claims are false but rather the timing seems a little 'funny'.
This case has all the makings of a made-for-tv movie. Something that would satisfy the soap opera crowd with its wild accusations and hints of bigger yet shady undertones. My gut feeling is that this whole 'show' shouldn't be getting played out in the format it is or in these particular arenas. At this rate, reputations and lives are going to be affected, no matter the outcome.
Not sure how else to explain how I feel sitting here on the GO Train, going home, after having to deal with my second delayed GO Train trip back to Oshawa. Last night I took the 23:13 train (that's 11:13pm for you lame people) and it was delayed about 20 minutes after there was a door problem around Guildwood and then a switch issue shortly after.
Tonight it was late arriving to Union from Exhibition by about 25 minutes. My guess it had something to do with the Toronto FC fans. They're everywhere in the train. Damn soccer hooligans!
I hear about GO Train delays all the time but have rarely experienced them. It's not for a lack of trying. I commuted on the GO for almost a year while I attended teachers college. I can only recall two delays in that entire period. But here I am, two nights in a row experiencing delays both nights. How's that for luck?
I wonder if any of these TFC or Blue Jay fans will run to their car when they depart. I still find the after-work sprinters humourous. I found them funny in Mississauga and I find them funny in Oshawa. They depart from the train and bolt for their cars. Because life is so hectic that waiting an extra 10 minutes is going to kill them.
Even funnier is that you just know that for some of those people, that's the most exercise they get in a day. The only reason they own running shoes is to make the 150 metre sprint to their car from the train. Few things are funnier than someone in an expensive suit or fancy dress, sprinting for their car, in their hardly-worn-but-several-years-old-running-shoes.
I didn't ever sprint from the train when I used to do the daily trip. Screw that! After a long day of school and/or work and the commute while squashed between hundreds of people the last thing I want to do is to be sprinting and scrambling in the parking lot.
I was all about taking my time, slowing myself down and relaxing before I got home. I'm sure there were other things to be concerned with when I got there so why rush?
Besides, it's not as though I didn't do a daily sprint. Mine just usually came in the morning to catch the train...
I can't help but feel skeptical about the swine flu (almost) pandemic. I have heard or read so many different expert opinions that I can't decide if I should take advantage of the cheap flight rates and immediately fly to Mexico or purchase a hyperbolic bubble and move to an uninhabited island in Nunavut.
This morning I listened to a medical expert on CBC talk about how the current strain of swine flu is 'mild' and there is little to fear. He gave a comparison to SARS. With SARS, according to this guy, there was 1 in 10 chance of death but that the swine flu had, at worst, a 1 in 500 chance. Considering that outside of Mexico there may not even be 500 infected people, that's not a bad number. And in a given year, according to the all-knowing and infallible wikipedia, the usual epidemic has a worldwide death rate of 1 in 100.
But then on the other hand there are the experts who are advising countries to load up on Tamiflu and the like. And big-pharmas are standing on the sidelines wringing their hands hoping that's exactly what countries do. Some of the biggest boom times for them was when the Avian flu was going to supposedly ravage the world population. We watched while people like Donald Rumsfeld pushed the concerns of the pending Avian flu pandemic and profited from owning shares connected the anti-viral. Is that what we're facing again? Another false alarm that will only cause some big company to make more money?
Well, not so according to an expert from Mount Sinai in Toronto. This woman was all about us being vigilant and taking all precautions to prevent the spread of swine flu. And maybe she has a point, especially where I am concerned. After all, of the four reported cases in Ontario three are in the Durham region and the nature of my job puts me in close contact with hundreds of people each day. And given the environment of my job, it wouldn't take long for my 'office' to resemble one of the hard hit Mexican villages. Also, seeing that Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag have isolated themselves in Mexico to avoid infection then we should definitely all be concerned. Anyway, the doc from Mount Sinai said the best response to the pending pandemic is social distancing. Avoiding social gatherings and recreational outings will slow the spread and limit the number of infections.
Between Avian flu, West Nile virus, Swine flu, seasonal influenza, common colds, random bacteria, mad cow, psycho squirrel and the like, if we were to significantly react to every warning our society wouldn't function, we wouldn't live our lives, we wouldn't breed and we would all starve to death.
My point is that panicking should be saved for times of panic. Unless you're in a small Mexican village or the crowded downtown of Mexico City where the quality of medical service isn't of the highest degree and the general level of environmental cleanliness isn't exactly excellent, then sure, I get being quite worried. But when the mortality rate is five times better than the yearly, general epidemics, are thousands of kilometres away from ground zero, little correlation to Mexico or people visiting there and have access to world-class medical services, panicking at this point seems somewhat far-fetched.
I'm not attempting to minimize how this outbreak has affected those who have lost loved ones or are suffering from this. And this is not to say that this virus won't be the next real pandemic. What I am saying is that at this point in time we should probably go on with our lives and not add to our stresses and focus on the things we can control and we enjoy. Let's react when it's absolutely necessary and not make big-pharmas anymore wealthy for no reason. If we over react to this episode, like with Avian flu, and it turns out to be nothing, like Avian flu, well... Well, we all know the fable of 'The Boy Who Cried Wolf'.
Or we can begin our social distancing now. In other words, we all should find our inner tween and take to Twitter immediately.
When I read that Elizabeth May accused Harper of 'cheating' during the leader debates, all I could do was chuckle to myself. It came as little surprise to hear that Harper couldn't actually debate without some sort of assistance. The same is true of many Conservative candidates in the last election.
Out here in little old Durham (the region, not the riding), just east of Toronto, there were lots of stories floating around of Conservative candidates repeating, verbatim, things that the big-wigs were already saying in public and having talking points, speeches and local media pieces drafted by the central campaign workers. This is likely the same all over the nation as the Conservative party was very careful about controlling their message at all costs.
However, cheating in or breaking of rules - or at least the ethics - is another thing all together. And it comes as little surprise to some of us here in Durham (the riding, not the region). Leading up to the Rogers televised debate there were whispers that Bev Oda and her campaign were making demands that Rogers had to meet if they wanted her to appear on the program. The specifics of her demands were unclear to us leading up to the debate. Following the debate it became apparent what her demands likely were - she had wanted the questions to review beforehand.
From a couple firsthand accounts and some other people several members of our campaign talked to afterward, the binder she was using during the debate contained ordered responses for all the questions, including those from the guest panelists. Now I'm sure someone, somewhere will say she may have just had well-prepared notes and had the topics nicely ordered. But in perfect order of the questions asked, including the guest panelist questions? Seems a little funky from where I'm sitting. And like May questioned 'tattling' on Harper, some of us felt it to be somewhat useless to go on a tirade about the incident because it would likely just come across as 'childish', it wouldn't necessarily aid our cause and it would take our focus off of our task at hand - attempting to defeat the incumbent.
I truly question if May or our campaign had ran to the hills with this type of information if the outcomes would have changed. I don't think it would have made any difference. For us in Durham riding we always knew we had a steep climb to the top. We were against an incumbent cabinet minister, with greater resources, within a considerably conservative riding, running a generally unknown candidate, backstopped by a poor national campaign. We had hope and conviction but sometimes those just aren't enough. Crying foul over a cheat-book would have seem desperate at best and petty at worst considering the tasks that laid ahead.
What effect May's disclosure might have is to further compound the feeling that Harper can't be trusted and has little leadership quality by those that already lean that way and nudge those who are undecided in that direction as well. This isn't a positive thing for a man that has been and continues to suffer from a poor public opinion. He didn't win the last election because he's well-liked or because he was seen as some magnificent leader. He won because he was essentially considered the lesser evil. Canwest/Global ran several polls that consistently showed that Harper polled better when directly compared to the other leaders but when addressed individually he polled unfavourably just like the others. As well, hopefully this means that come the next election, Harper and his cronies won't try to pull the same fast-one and will be forced to actually know their platform (if they actually have one next time) and think of responses on their feet. Something that will likely play very well for Ignatieff and Layton.
Tags: campaign notes, Conservatives, election, Harper, leadership, Liberals, Local, Media, MPs, polls, strategy 0 comments
The Ontario budget gets dropped today, and without any type of fanfare or surprise McGuinty does the proverbial 'good policy, bad politics' thing, for the second time.
We can say whatever we want about the provincial budget. It couldn't have been any worse than what the federal government put out - lot's of money for a whole lot of nothing, so far. With the Ontario budget there seems to be some serious targeted spending in the areas of social housing, hospitals and schools. These are all good things. Cutting taxes for 93% of all Ontarians is also a good thing. As is the acceleration of the Ontario Child Benefit.
Once again, I'm extremely disappointed in the lack of true forward thinking, as I was with the federal budget. The Ontario budget doesn't seem to do anything for the environment, greening of public or private infrastructure, or research and development. Where is the direct assistance targeted at companies such as ZENN? That's where the future truly lies and that's where the money should be aimed at; companies that are thinking ahead.
The big ticket item was the harmonization of the Ontario sales tax and the federal GST. To be honest, I'm still not sold on this being necessary. Sure it will save the private sector some paperwork and some money. But at what cost?
About 18 months ago, I wrote about this very issue when Derek DeCloet wrote in favour of the idea. At the time I expressed skepticism based on how it would affect consumers. Granted, McGuinty and Duncan were able to swing a deal to get many items exempted still such as children's clothing, books, etc. Though as far as I can tell many things are still going to receive a tax increase including some medical and educational services such as chiropractic services and tutoring (which for many struggling students is necessary).
Harmonizing the taxes will also eliminate the exemption of food purchases under $4. It may not seem like much but many food service businesses (from the ma-and-pa shops to the McDonald's and Tim Hortons) take advantage of that to feed the masses in fast and affordable ways. It will have an impact, especially on the ma-and-pa shops, as they are all looking for ways to cover their growing staffing costs due to the incremental increases in the minimum wage at a time when sales and profits are down.
In 2007 I questioned if the overall benefit to businesses outweighed the costs to the public. I'm still questioning whether or not the benefits are enough.
I'll give credit where it's due and that's to Ontario and the feds for compromising on some exemptions. That was one of my biggest criticism back then and it has been partially dealt with here. I don't like the lack of overall control the province has given up considering Ottawa, under the federal Conservatives, has been less than fair or kind to Ontario when it comes to economic issues. But given McGuinty and crew knows those battles the best, if they are willing to do this, some understanding must have been reached.
The deficits that Ontario predicts to incur are forgivable as they pale in comparison to what the federal government is going to rack up by the end of it. And with giant companies drastically cutting workforces and with others closing outright government revenues are obviously going to be much less. As long as the deficit spending is done with accountability and effectively, without the gimmicks or partisanship (see the federal Conservatives), the Ontario Liberals may survive another episode of 'good but bad'.
Warren: "The National Post, that is, which has railed against government "interference" in the marketplace for a decade, now about to get bailed out by the taxpayer."
Warren also refers to this as a 'game'. I think that accurately describes the situation. Isn't it convenient that they are suddenly okay with taking taxpayer money? Though I'm sure they'll never say as much.
What I find even more disturbing is that approximately two weeks ago I received a call from the National Post offering a 60 day subscription for free. They explained that there were no obligations on my part and that after 60 days the subscription would just end without notice or any required action. Furthermore, this was a wide-scale promotion.
I was beside myself, knowing just how much money the NP costs Canwest and how tight things were over at Canwest in general. To be offering free daily subscriptions on a wide-scale seems counter-productive given the circumstances.
While there are several theories that could be considered here, I'm leaning in one particular direction. My feeling is that the NP is trying to artificially build up their subscription numbers and expanse across demographics. If they can (temporarily and falsely) display they have a wide appeal, and a decent and growing subscription rate but are still bleeding money. And if they can successfully put the blame on the downturned economy, they can build a case that they are recoverable and relevant and ultimately, (in the long-run) profitable. All reasons why they deserve a taxpayer funded-government bailout (aside of the wink-nudge, Conservative pandering they'll continue).
However for me, every time I saw Obama standing next to Harper, the two of them waving at the crowds, something or more specifically, someone, looked out of place. And it definitely wasn't Obama. Unfortunately, Harper looked like just some dork that was hanging out with the new president.
It's like one of those moments where a sports team has just won a championship, on the last play, made by the star of the team. The crowd is cheering the heroics and everyone wants a piece of the hero. Then, the just-arrived from the minors, who can't be named by a single fan, who didn't once see any action, jumps off the bench and waves and cries at the crowd like he made the big play to win it all or is the closest friend of the star.
Standing next to Obama, that was Harper yesterday. He was the 'nobody' trying to bask in some of the glory and steal a moment of spotlight without ever contributing to the moment. The reality is at best he was just 'that Canadian Prime Minister guy' and at worst, which is likely closer to the truth, he was just another guy waving back at a crowd that didn't even notice him there and were waving at the star next to him.
In today's Toronto Star there's a great opinion piece on Naomi Klein. The main premise is about how she's withholding judgment on Obama. Klein may be optimistic about the new president but a couple early decisions have concerned her; the appointments of former Clinton crewmen that are at the heart of Clinton's less-than-finer moments.
The part that got me grinning though was the comment on Milton Friedman. It shouldn't be a surprise from many of my writings here that I have little love for Friedman. Between my undergrad and more recent research and current reading of books such as Klein's 'The Shock Doctrine' and John Ralston Saul's 'The End of Globalization', I see little use for the simplistic, self-serving, hole-wridden garbage that Friedman championed.
Anyway, what got me smiling is that the $200-million Milton Friedman Institute being built by the University of Chicago has been put on hold because funding has disappeared due to the current economic crisis. The very same crisis that has been caused by the type of policies that Friedman influenced and encouraged, caused millions of lost jobs and has as many families into precarious positions and has now put a stop on a tribute in his honour. Though I'm not sure what they're trying to honour here.
I don't think making the poor poorer, or devastating the stability and prosperity of Latin American nations, or allowing corporations to bankrupt families and nation is something that deserves tribute.
Friedman, at best, had some interesting ideas that differed from the mainstream. Ideas worth some inflection and curiousity. However, there are holes in his theories. Some of those are massive and doesn't take a learned scholar to point most of them out.
Unfortunately Friedman was a man that refused to admit his ideas were flawed and were unworkable in reality even while they were obviously causing more harm than good for those that adopted them or worse, were forced to use them. Worst of all he preached these ideas to generations of impressionable students and to the ears of the political leaders he conferenced with. Friedman deserves a tribute as much as Osama Bin Laden deserves the Nobel Peace Prize.
There's nothing better than the cruel humour of fate. She's got a warped mind at the best of times and saves her best for those most deserving. And in this turn of events, she's showing-off just a little. Hopefully, with the time off we can all reflect on her latest offering and realize that Friedman only deserves our abhoration.
First off, in terms of numbers and allocations the Conservative budget isn't too bad but it isn't terribly good, either. The tax cuts should have been focused more on the lower- and middle- classes. If the goal is to increase disposable income and/ or encourage spending then the two largest groups of Canadians, who have also been the hardest hit by the downturn, should have been the focus. The bulk of the need lies with them and any extra spending will come from these groups and therefore providing them with more would go further to achieving those goals. However, an across-the-board tax cut could be considered the most fair for all Canadians. After all, we're all in this together as no one has been left untouched by the economic downturn. It's just that the broad tax cut, ultimately, isn't as effective.
There is also the issue of some of the policy matters that are contained within the budget. While it's nice that EI has been expanded by five weeks there are still lingering issues that weren't addressed. Something such as timely and easier access to people's own money should have been included. As well a balancing of the EI payments should have been included. Ontarians should have gotten a slight increase in the payments to match the other provinces. Since Ontario has taken the brunt of the downturn and cost of living is slightly higher than most provinces, these changes should have been a no-brainer. And let's not forget, contrary to what Harper or Finlay might say, the money in the EI program belongs to Canadians.
The EI program is essentially a government mandated 'savings' program for those rainy days, like when you lose your job and need money to get you by until you find other employment. To refuse easier access on the basis that the Conservatives don't want to make it "lucrative" to be unemployed or that they don't want people relying on the government is to distort and betray the purpose of EI and denying people access to their own money could be seen as theft since Canadians do not have a choice about paying into EI.
There is also the concern over women losing the ability to take pay equity issues to court. I'm not sure what the Conservative's problem is with women's equality but it has reached a sickening level over the course of their tenure. However, this being left over from the Fall Update shouldn't have been a surprise because of the Conservative's track record. What is a surprise is the Liberals' poor response to this issue.
The Liberals' amendment, while necessary (if you're attempting to make parliament work), isn't as strong as it could have been. Sure they're putting this Conservative government on 'probation' but the how is ill defined. It's great to have the Cons check-in every few months with updates but there is confusion over what this really means. Are they just giving government numbers, are the books being opened to the opposition or is an independent auditor doing a review? The amendment should have laid out all of this in greater detail. It should have also been much more demanding of accountability given the past record of budget deception and lack of transparency, especially on the part of Flaherty.
Furthermore, at the very least the Ignatieff and the Liberals should have demanded that the women's pay equity issue be dropped from the budget. I actually think that the Conservatives included it with the expectation it would be amended out. If an amendment were to ask for its removal and subsequently passed, the Cons could have saved face with their SoCon supporters because they proposed the idea but also saved face with critics and opposition because they would have been viewed as conciliatory.
The Liberals could have also explored changes to the proposals regarding EI, tax cuts, and areas that could have had an infusion of 'green' and next-generation technology and manufacturing. However, I believe the Conservatives would have fought to the end to not have these pass. We would then likely be heading into an election rather than a coalition government.
I don't have enough faith in our GG, Ms. Jean, to make the right decision between a coalition and election. She showed last Fall that she neither had the leadership or the fortitude to do what she should have. She made her last decision in secrecy and without full consultation. The same would have likely occurred here. And this budget is centrist or 'Liberal'-ish enough, at least on the surface, that inciting an unwanted and costly election over it would have put the Liberals in a tough position to defend their actions. Putting out a strong amendment, stronger than what was proposed, would have been the best maneuver.
The biggest loser out of all of this - besides women, the most vulnerable and the environment - is the Conservatives. With this budget they showed that they are more interested in power than conviction. However, even in the off chance they are being honest about their feelings on the necessity of this budget they still come out on the losing end. On one hand they would be admitting that Canadians don't believe in or won't accept conservatism (which I have been arguing for quite some time) or they are admitting that conservatism doesn't work. Either way, conservative Canadians aren't happy with Harper and his crew and the Conservatives are showing their cracks in large part because of this budget. Either side of this is a positive in my books.
Ultimately, Canada didn't even have to be in this position. If it weren't for the lack of judgement, common sense and leadership of the Conservatives, Canada's financial situation could have been much stronger prior to being hit by the economic downturn. If income taxes were cut rather than consumer taxes, if the surplus hadn't been completely wiped out, if social programs were strengthened rather than weakened, and if there had been greater attention paid to environmental technologies and next generation manufacturing, Canada would have dealt with this crisis much better. The stimulus package would have still been necessary but maybe there would have been fewer lost, more resilience on the part of our industries and a smaller deficit would be incurred. However, we've been governed by conservative ideologues who are more interested in their personal situations and beliefs, and trying to destroy the opposition. So much for leadership...
Tags: Canada, Conservatives, Economy, election, leadership, Liberals, Ontario, taxes, women 4 comments
Everyone seems to be talking about what has been announced to be in the budget. Experience with this Conservative government has me wondering more about what they haven't announced.
So far we have heard about all these wonderful spending initiatives for infrastructure, job training, etc. All the things we the public would - should - be expecting when a government talls about stimulus spending. What we haven't heard announced is anything to do with contentious tax cuts (GST?), policy changes (relaxing environmental-based rules?), cuts to social programs (women's equality?), vicious partisanship (cuts to political funding?), or even self-sacrifice (scaling back the size of the Cabinet).
Since Harper and his team are generally less than forthcoming with what they plan to do it after making promises, it is reasonable for us to expect a lot more from tomorrow's budget than what has already been announced (in an election style). Harper has shown he can't help himself when it comes to trying to be 'clever' and poking the opposition and others with sticks. Tomorrow isn't likely to be any different. There is no way that he would cave and offer all sorts of measures that he doesn't believe in or want without exacting some small token for himself.
I just came across this article from the Toronto Star's Parent Central website. When I originally heard about some guy wanting to get Margaret Atwood's novel, A Handmaid's Tale banned I laughed right out loud.
The father complained that the book is "rife with brutality towards and mistreatment of women (and men at times), sexual scenes, and bleak depression" and "anti-Christian".
Nowhere in Atwood's novel are the former issues promoted or deemed a positive. They are in the novel to make the reader think and feel scared or sick by what they are reading. It's about forcing a reader to understand a problem. It makes me think about people who get worked up about Harper Lee's, To Kill a Mockingbird, over racism and slurs, when the major theme in the novel is anti-racism or inequality and the problems associated with these. The father's latter complaint touches upon a similar theme of what I talked about prior when I examined the issue of the Philip Pullman's, His Dark Materials trilogy.
There is nothing wrong with challenging religion. If anything religion, especially organized religion, needs to be challenged or it faces irrelevancy by becoming dogma. To hide children away from such an inquiry only reinforces their curiousity. It's the nature of children, especially teenagers. Rather than taking the novel away and hiding from the question, have an answer to it. Provide alternative information, show examples of where the criticism is wrong. To lock it away is to essentially give it the criticism validation. This father has ultimately done more harm than good.
Anyway, I find it funny that someone is just now getting all worked up about Atwood's novel because it was written in 1985. It has also been apart of the high school curriculum, in Ontario at least, for most of that time - it was the first Atwood novel I read and that was because I was required to read it for an English assignment. And there is so much already written about A Handmaid's Tale and the controversy surrounding its themes, that a quick internet search may have alleviated this father's concerns.
I have looked at the issue of banning books within public education before. And my feelings haven't changed. Unless the novel is written by someone that intentionally tries to mislead, obfuscate or commit harm through their writings, then no book should be banned from a public school. However, I think more or less this has come down to ignorance on the father's part. If he was really that concerned about what was being assigned in his kid's class he would have known about the novel prior to it being picked up by his son. Furthermore, he himself should maybe take the opportunity to peruse more books that are considered 'must-reads'.
In today's Toronto Star, Travers came out with an insightful and honest piece (link to come). The gist is that the during last year's federal election the media failed to do their job and ask real questions of our politicians. Rather the media was obsessed with things such as personality and issues that had little substance. In otherwords, the inane.
The election ultimately turned out to be a circus of sorts. And this likely played a large role as to why we had the worse voter turnout in history. And many of those that voted likely had did so without ever being fully informed.
Travers' piece made think about something that my Poli-Sci 101 professor stressed once. He argued that political parties in general, though more likely conservative parties, would rather fight elections on the unsubstantial topics. The thinking is that if you can bog down the electorate on issues that seem trivial and partisan, rather than addressing real issues, voters will become jaded and are less likely to vote. And one of the strategies is to use the media to achieve this objective.
My professor expressed this back in 1999, which puts him ahead of GWB or Harper. Cheney and GWB used this strategy almost perfectly and one can argue that Harper was partially successful with his attacks on Dion and such. That's not to say they were the only parties or leaders to try this as Paul Martin and John Tory also attempted campaigns on anything but the issues.
The strategy holds sway with the right in particular because their ideology doesn't generally have a broad appeal in developed societies. Being honest with the electorate is more likely to be detrimental to their cause. However, where right wing parties lack in broad appeal they partially make up with deep appeal. That is, conservative leaning citizens are easier to motivate to vote than non-conservative citizens, even though they are much larger in numbers. And fewer voters means a government feels that they owe less or are accountable to fewer people.
Travers' column will hopefully be taken to heart by those in the media. While we all need to do a better job in holding our politicians accountable, our media definitely need to turn it around. The media have access to our politicians - good or bad they are on the front lines, especially during elections. They are the first in line to ask questions and point out the issues. If they aren't doing their jobs then they are no better than those politicians that would look to be elected without ever being accountable to the public.
It's only a few weeks until Canadians finally get to see the Conservatives latest bastard-proposal of a budget. With the economy in the midst of death throws and our minority government doing, well, nothing of note, there are more than a few people worried about what's to come. Flaherty has done little to calm nerves as he continues to speak in some type of personal code and mentioning ambiguous and cliché terms. However, one thing that might be certain is that whatever is thrown around on January 27th is likely to be not far from what Canadians have already seen - more vicious partisan and ideological maneuvering.
There isn't necessarily anything inherently wrong with either partisanship or ideology except for one glaring exception. Both of these, if too strongly adhered to, indicates a person is close-minded and thinks in extremely marginal ways. Even this can be benign in many circumstances unless that person is in a position where they hold influence or power. In this manner, subsequent actions can become, and are often, unintentionally destructive because the lack of various perspectives that are given consideration. In other ways, these are consciously relied upon or are the driving force in decision-making and therefore are intentionally destructive and still will cause some unintentional collateral.
In politics especially there are many examples that give cause for concern about those that would rely too much on their partisanship or ideology. The most obvious and easiest one is Iraq. By now there is little doubt that Iraq has gone horribly wrong. For whatever reason GWB went into Iraq, it is clear that his intentions were less than honourable and the outcome has been pure disaster. Whether its the war crimes that have been committed, the bungling of the rebuilding, the ensuing civil war, etc. Iraq hasn't turned out at all like it could/should have.
Another recent example is the fall 'financial update' from the Conservatives. Harper and Flaherty attempted to use the economic crisis to push an agenda that would crippled the opposition parties, attempt to further erode women's equity and break workers' rights. In the end Canada saw an unprecedented unification of the opposition and the fall of a six-week old government. Or we can also look at the Conservatives decision to cut the GST by 2% which has all but crippled Canada's ability to truly be effective in dealing with the economic crisis.
The problem that truly underlies vicious politics is intention. When making decision or taking a course of action, intention plays a massive role. Intention affects how a policy is carried out, how hard a person or team works, the effort put into the completion of the task. Everything from the leadership down to grassroots is affected by the intent.
If Iraq was a truly honourable conflict, there may not have been companies such as Blackwater or Haliburton taking advantage of the crisis because oversights and management would have been better regulated and monitored. It's likely fewer troops would have been caught committing war crimes because there would have been less pressure from the media, Americans back home, Iraqi's, etc. and pride in their mission would have been greater.
Closer to home, if Harper and Flaherty's concerns were truly about the economy when attempting to cut political subsidies or attacking workers' rights, then we would have seen greater consultation. Whether this was with the opposition parties, public employees, Canadians or whomever, if the Conservatives had spent any effort actually trying to be fiscally prudent rather than playing political games then we might have seen unprecedented cooperation between all of parliament in dealing with the economic crisis. Or Canada may have been without any real concern of assisting industries, paying for infrastructure or making any other considerable decision if the GST hadn't been cut for reasons of power.
It doesn't matter that sometimes through these politically motivated actions that positives do emerge. Saddam Hussein being removed from power is especially positive for Iraq but that is overshadowed and pales in comparison to what Iraq is now facing and how the situation has been and continues to be handled. If removing Hussein from power was the purpose in the first place - for Iraqis' sake not GWB wanting to do what his father didn't - then maybe American and allied troops wouldn't be seen as invaders or occupiers and Iraq . Maybe the conflict wouldn't be as severe or wouldn't be still ongoing. And while Andrew Coyne has argued that it doesn't matter why the Conservatives were looking to axe political subsidies, that it only matters it's a positive within itself (which it is) and that is reason alone to do it, he missed that the intent that it is based on is also the reason why the proposal failed and is still around. The underlying intent is a major reason why the opposition stood up and fought hard together, why our government prorogued and is now seemingly incapable of doing anything, and why much is falling down around average Canadians and Canadian industries.
Intent is almost everything when it comes to making decisions and taking action. That is why when intent is based on deeply rooted ideology or partisanship it almost surely becomes destructive. It becomes vicious. There will be negative outcomes. There will be uncertainty and instability. That potentional, positive outcomes are never explored or given a chance. But worst of all; there will be victims. And therein lies the real problem. In most cases, people get left behind. Or worse.
Tags: Canada, Conservatives, Economy, Foreign Policy, Harper, Human Rights, Iraq, Israel, Language, leadership, Legislation, Liberals, Middle East, Palestine, social policy, softwood, taxes, U.S., women 3 comments
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. " ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
"Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. " ~ Benjamin Franklin
"First it is necessary to stand on your own two feet. But the minute a man finds himself in that position, the next thing he should do is reach out his arms. " ~ Kristin Hunter
"When you're a mayor and you have a problem you blame the provincial government. If you are provincial government and you have a problem you blame the federal government. We don't blame the Queen any more, so once in a while we might blame the Americans." ~ Jean Chretien
"Which is ideology? Which not? You shall know them by their assertion of truth, their contempt for considered reflection, and their fear of debate." ~ John Ralston Saul
"It is undoubtedly easier to believe in absolutes, follow blindly, mouth received wisdom. But that is self-betrayal." ~ John Ralston Saul
"Everybody dies, Tracey. Someone's carrying a bullet for you right now, doesn't even know it. The trick is to die of old age before it finds you." ~ Cpt. Malcolm Reynolds (Firefly, Episode 12)
On September 9, the Mendocino County Sheriff’s Office announced that the Woman in the Refrigerator had been identified.
A female’s bones were found on May 16, 2012 2013 in an abandoned refrigerator near the railroad tracks at the west end of Highway 162 (Covelo Road) not far from Hwy 101. Inside the refrigerator were burnt human remains. (Read more here.) Little was known about her except that she was believed to be of small stature and the remains of a charm bracelet or necklace were found with the body. Below is a sketch of what the item is believed to have looked like.
In May of this year, family members of Rachel Audrey Sloan (age 25, from Laytonville) reported her as missing. DNA samples were taken and sent away to be compared with the remains in the refrigerator. On the first of September, the Mendocino Sheriff’s Office received a report identifying the remains as belonging to Rachel Sloan.
According to the Mendocino Sheriff’s Office, “Sloan was last seen by her family in Laytonville, California in August 2012. ”
They are asking anyone with information to contact the Mendocino County Sheriff’s Office tip line (707) 234-2100.
On 05-16-2013 at 12:23 PM, the Mendocino County Sheriff’s Office was notified of some possible human remains that were located burned in a secluded area on Highway 162 north of Willits, California.
The remains were located and later examined by a forensic anthropologist and were determined to be that of a human. DNA samples were recovered and a profile was uploaded into the California Department of Justice and National Missing and Unidentified Persons System.
Approximately two years later, in May 2015, family members of Rachel Audrey Sloan (25 year-old female from Laytonville, California) reported her as a missing person. Familial DNA samples were obtained from Sloan’s family members and compared to the DNA profile from the found remains.
On 09-01-2015, the Mendocino County Sheriff’s received a DNA report from the California Department of Justice identifying the found remains as that of Rachel Audrey Sloan.
Anybody with information on Sloan’s death is encouraged to contact the Mendocino County Sheriff’s Office tip line by calling 707-234-2100.
The way I read it is that DNA was taken from the remains in the refrigerator in 2013. It wasn’t until the family reported her missing in May of this year & they gave familial samples which were compared. That’s 4 months for DNA results which us about the norm with the huge backlog that our state deals with.
Yes – it’s the chain of evidence factor that adds paperwork and slows processing (it has to be admissible as real evidence, right?)
It is something too horrible to imagine… but it happens all the time. It is awful to have a life where there is no one to notice when one is gone.
We did notice and she was missed . None of us knew whether her immediate family had sent her off somewhere or what because they never said anything! They should have reported her missing after a couple weeks.smh.Rachel was a beautiful soul,what’s even more heartbreaking,is that her mother was murdered as well
The family lives right in Laytonville . obviously they just didn’t care or already knew. Doesn’t matter the lifestyle,problems,Or whatever somebody is going through.As close as she was to home,They would have checked.They should have checked. Because any family member would report a loved one after a few days to a couple weeks.No excuse.The law should be investigating closer to her home
Please dont judge this family. The mother was murdered and now a daughter of this community. Seems after her mother passed the family broke apart and now it is broken again. This is heartbreaking and nobody can know the circumstances yet. I hope they find out what happened to her. Justice for this girl.
Don’t judge the family? Rachels the victim here! And they didn’t seem too worried about her then,nor now.Are they pushing to find the murderer? No.They will probably just forget about her again.We will see. I think the person responsible for her death is someone close to her.So I’m sorry I can’t pity her family. All her friends were more concerned than them. Do you know her family?
It was certainly a cold blooded message to SOMEONE: Leave remains in reefer next to main highway? Sounds like gangland stuff – like the Knights Templar or some other cartel…..scary
I pray for this family really so sad!you my daughter went homeless for about two years never new where she was or anything I called missing person on her two times then she would call she put the whole family alot .just never know!thank god she got over it she is safe now.
Is there any connection, besides a dreadful coincidence, between the death of the mother and the death of the daughter? Was the mother’s killer caught? And I think you’re right, after the mother died the family splintered. To have not reported the woman missing for two years, it’s heart breaking.
John Annibel was convicted of Deborah Sloan’s murder. He was sentenced to 25 to life, and won’t be eligible for a parole hearing until 2024.
So so sad.it breaks my heart to think a human being,is treated in this way.if her family treated her that way,shame on them!!to her friends I’m so sorry.god bless
It’s real easy to judge what you do not know but you all don’t know ANYTHING your saying!!! my grandpa Gene (bill) Sloans brother Burt Sloan is her grandpa which his son Allen Sloan is her father, so she is my 3rd cousin and she was always on the go, she was lost but her mother was not around like that she would see her from time to time and stuff but not like she had a father and mother household, her mother was murdered by a man that worked at Harwood products and this was years ago so no connection the guy is in prison, but rachel hung around with whoever she wanted to even if it was a bad crowd got into drugs and then started living the life of a person on drugs, her dad is a drinker but he loved her and now speed up to 2012 or 2013 she went all over the place with whom ever she wanted to as an adult she had many family members as well as friends concerned but then she would pop out and be around again just like the woman said her daughter was homeless and looked for her but if someone doesn’t want to be found they will do what they want and keep away. She was seen around mendocino county so the family thought ok she’s an adult and doing her own life. I am deeply sadden by this I lost my mother Deana Campbell in 2009 and the 3 months later my only brother Aaron campbell then in dec. My 1st cousin Gene Gonzalez so we know what it is too hurt we are family but very different in how we were raised. Rachel was a sweet person that didn’t deserve any of this drugs,stealing put aside none of it mattered you don’t do that to another human being. She will be greatly missed. May God bless all of you and your perfect lives!!
Thank you Angela for this information on Rachel, this news sadden my heart so, I had no idea that she had not been seen (missing). I see Bert but its always just a Hi and Bye. I was Rachel’s Head Start teacher and although that was along time ago I know for a fact that she was very loved by her father, and grandfather and most of all her Grandmother, who is past on. People are so quick to jump to conclusions, with no correct information trying to put a story together that is most likely far from the truth. I do know this, as parents we can only make our children listen to us for so long and when your child becomes and adult and can make their own life choices some times all that’s left is Hope , The hope that all the life lessons that we have given them along the way will stay with them always and that they will be safe happy and well. I think that I seen Rachel a few years ago, she was walking in the Covelo Road. I am gonna call the hot line to let the police that story. As for Rachel and all her head start class mates I will always have a place in my heart for them. R.I.P Rachel, I will be sending prayers for comfort & strength to My Slone family there in Laytonville. I was not only Rachel’s Head Start teacher I am her relative (cousin) by her Grandmother.
I remember you teacher tasha you also was my brothers head start teacher also Aaron Campbell and you always talked to my mom when we seen you, it’s been awhile and I hope all is well with you and your family. People are always going to point fingers or he said she said junk but what it comes down to is this beautiful sweet soft spoken person did not deserve any of this no human does so when I see people writing about what they read and are quick to judge makes me sad for them not anyone else and you are so correct you can be the perfect parent but your child will do what they want or vice versa. There is a family hurting and sure don’t need to be judged by anyone, but what I do know is oneday EVERYBODY will be put in a situation where loved ones will pass on and it’s the hardest thing anybody will ever go thru I know it all too well and it hurts you to the core. Only God can judge and we will all be together again oneday. Thank you Natasha Azbill for your kind powerful words!!♡♡♡ how I feel is people want to talk but won’t put there names down wonder why that is?!?!? But that’s what they have to live with my parents taught me better then that.#R♡I♡P*R.A.S
Rip beautiful rachael sloan!!! All people who don’t know anything needs to keep your roaming minds and negative comments to yourself!! You wouldn’t know truth of anything , so you speak on something u heard and try to fill in missing pieces!!! Don’t say anything at all or just send condolences! !
I have a question- was Rachel one of the 5 girls listed as missing? I ask because I think the number is much higher. It is true, when people live a transient lifestyle, our assumption is that they just took off with someone and are elsewhere. I think that is why missing people are often unreported. Then you factor in confidentiality laws (HIPPA) it makes it even harder to get information.
When I worked at MH there was a lady who would call me from Florida and ask about her daughter. The daughter was homeless, had schizophrenia and a history of drug use. Twice I saw the daughter and offered her a phone to call mom. She clearly told me she didn’t want to talk with her mom and didn’t want me telling her mom anything. I had no clue what the history was with this family. I didn’t know if there was justification for the daughter not wanting family to know her whereabouts. All I could say to the mother was, “If you know for sure she is here, then file a BOLO for her and contact the coroner’s office to leave contact info.
It is easy to sit in judgement when you don’t know all the facts. The thing that I’m concerned about is the lack of respect for human life. Why are all these females dying or missing? I am sorry for those who are missing a friend or loved one and in this case I am sorry for Rachel and those who loved her. RIP Rachel.
Rachel was not one of the five missing listed here http://kymkemp.com/2015/04/01/the-humboldt-five-so-many-missing-from-such-a-small-area/ That focused on Humboldt women. Rachel is from Mendocino.
My heart is broken. I knew her. She was my friends girlfriend when I met her. She was beautiful and had harsh realities. We liked each other. Couple years later I run into her standing in front of Safeway. Homeless. I took her home and fed her and cleaned her up. She stayed a few days then moved on her way. Then I would get surprise visits from her. Every few months or once a year maybe. Can’t remember but we were intimate and she was the sweetest thing. One of the times she showed I took her to my grandparents for thanksgiving or Easter lunch. Was a big family feast anyways. I can’t remember how many times she showed up or which time was the last time she showed. Not sure if it was the time we had lunch even. But I feel that judging from the dates above, I saw her not long before she died 😖. My heart is broken because I felt so much for her, having gone through the shit that her and many other girls like her go through around here. I’m angry now. Filthy pedophiles
I’m am trying to find out if Rachel Sloane was the Rachel I knew when we were kids I can’t remember her last name but she looks like Rachel that I knew does any one know what her mother’s name was?
As noted above in the comment Peggy apparently skipped…Rachel Sloan’s mother was named Deborah Sloan.
Synonyms for match at thesauruscom with free online thesaurus, antonyms, and definitions find descriptive alternatives for match. Match is upping the dating game in a big way with our new feature, match stories by combining video, your voice, and your photos, match stories brings your profile to life by giving you the chance to showcase your personality in a more interactive way instead of leaving your profile static, show. Match is an excel function used to locate the position of a lookup value in a row, column, or table match supports approximate and exact matching, and wildcards ( ) for partial matches often, the index function is combined with match to retrieve the value at the position returned by match.
2013 june 1, “end of the peer show”, in the economist, volume 407, number 8838, page 71: finance is seldom romantic but the idea of peer-to-peer lending comes close this is an industry that brings together individual savers and lenders on online platforms. 856k followers, 4,394 following, 912 posts - see instagram photos and videos from match (@match. 12:00 pm et: ranking opens programs can set soap participation status and medical schools begin verifying student/graduate graduation credentials.
Translate match see 9 authoritative translations of match in spanish with example sentences, phrases and audio pronunciations. A match is a competition or game, like a soccer matchanother type of match places people together instead of opposing one another perhaps you'll find your perfect match on an online dating web site. Match definition: 1 a sports competition or event in which two people or teams compete against each other: 2 the person who has scored the most points or played the best in a match3 a short, thin stick made of wood or cardboard and covered with a special chemical at one end that burns when learn more. Directed by stephen belber with patrick stewart, carla gugino, matthew lillard, yanis macheboeuf as a juilliard professor is interviewed by a woman and her husband for her dissertation on the history of dance in 1960s new york, it becomes increasingly clear that there are ulterior motives to the couple's visit.
At match, we believe in love and millions of like-minded people have come to match looking for love from the dating app that’s home to the largest pool of straight, gay and lesbian singles you could join other apps for more of the same, frustrating runaround, or you could join the app that’s created more love connections than any other. A seattle couple travels to new york to interview an eccentric former choreographer. For the thousands of people diagnosed every year with life-threatening blood cancers like leukemia and lymphoma, a cure exists over the past 30 years be the match, operated by the national marrow donor program (nmdp), has managed the largest and most diverse marrow registry in the world. Verb this color matches your skin tone she was wearing a beautiful skirt, but her sweater didn't match it the upbeat music matched her mood her skirt and sweater matched perfectly the pillows on the couch all match your socks don't match each other his story doesn't match the facts. The match function searches for a specified item in a range of cells, and then returns the relative position of that item in the range for example, if the range a1:a3 contains the values 5, 25, and 38, then the formula =match(25,a1:a3,0) returns the number 2, because 25 is the second item in the range.
Match group inc stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from marketwatch. Purchase match 4 for multiple drawings you can buy a ticket for up to twenty-five consecutive drawings how to play match 4 for future drawings match 4 tickets can be purchased for future dates this is called advance play the future draw date desired must be between the current draw date (the draw that is next to happen based on the day the ticket is purchased) and the twenty-fifth. The latest tweets from match (@ninjamatch) 4コマ漫画「ゆる大罪」を描いてます。毎日更新中！なるべく！ 20twenty. Match 6 lotto is the pa lottery game that gives you more ways to match winning lottery numbers and a chance to win up to four lottery prizes in each game.
Start online dating with match sign up for free and get access to singles’ dating profiles, attend match singles nights & events near you register today. Match definition, a slender piece of wood, cardboard, or other flammable material tipped with a chemical substance that produces fire when rubbed on a rough or chemically prepared surface see more. The latest tweets from match (@match) the world’s largest online dating community our mission is simple: to help singles find the kind of relationship they're looking for websites in 25 countries. Match game returns to primetimehosted by golden globe and emmy award-winning actor alec baldwin, the iconic panel game show features four contestants who attempt to match the answers of six.
And what was still more capital to behold was, the goose hopped down from the dish, reeled about on the floor with knife and fork in its breast, till it came up to the poor little girl when--the match went out and nothing but the thick, cold, damp wall was left behind. Match 1 (măch) n 1 a one that is exactly like another or a counterpart to another: is there a match for this glove in the drawer b one that is like another in one or more specified qualities: he is john's match for bravery 2 one that is able to compete equally with another: the boxer had met his match 3 a one that closely resembles or.
Matchcom is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site. 4 one that is equal to another in status, achievement, or value for a wife he wants a woman who will be his match in every aspect of their lives.
2522 Sixpence 1863 ESC 1712, Bull 3209 UNC and lustrous with a pleasing tone, in an LCGS holder and graded LCGS 78
2610 Shillings in LCGS holders (2) 1697 Third Bust, inverted V for A in MAG LCGS variety 32, Fine, slabbed and graded LCGS 25, the only such example thus far recorded by the LCGS Population Report, Shilling 1712 Roses and Plumes ESC 1159 VG slabbed and graded LCGS 15
1704 Sixpence 1863 ESC 1712, CGS type SP.V1.1863.01 Choice UNC and attractively toned, slabbed and graded CGS 85, Ex-PCGS MS64 (this ticket not included) Extremely Rare, especially so in this choice grade, the only example thus far recorded by the CGS Population Report
2661 Shilling 1712 Roses and Plumes ESC 1159 Good Fine the obverse with some very light haymarking, our archive database shows this is the first example we have handled in 5 years
1632 Halfcrown 1712 Roses and Plumes ESC 582 Toned EF or near so with a few light contact marks and flecks of haymarking
1575 Halfcrown 1848 the date clearly an overstrike though the underlying digit is unclear Near Fine, Shilling 1712 Roses and Plumes ESC 1159VF/NVF with heavy surface marks and some digs on the obverse
1150 Halfcrown 1712 Roses and Plumes ESC 582 NEF attractively toned with some light adjustment marks and a few small surface marks
1726 Halfcrown 1712 Roses and Plumes ESC 582 GVF/NEF with even grey toning Ex-Andrew Wayne sale London Coins June 2006 Lot 883 hammer price £600
We offer a wide range of pet services, not only dog related. If you can’t see the thing you are after or have any special requirements, please contact us, we do our best to cater for all our customers’ needs.
DAY CARE – If you think that a walk is not enough for your dog we offer full day care facilities. We collect your pet in the morning and deliver back in the late afternoon. Dogs stay in our daycare centre, being looked after at all times. They go for walks, play like crazy, chill out in the sunshine or munch a snack – generally having a great time. Dogs are very social creatures and the experience of spending whole days with others is priceless in terms of their well being.
PET TAXI – This is a service designed to help you transport your beloved pet to any destination. We use a professionaly converted, dog friendly vehicle to minimise the stress of your pet. As animal lovers and petcare proffessionals we are the best choice for your pet to travel safely and comfortably.
DOG BOARDING / HOUSE SITTING – There are times that your dog may need company for longer. Please contact us to enquire about details of this service
DAY CARE – If you think that a walk is not enough for your dog we offer full day care facilities. We collect your pet in the morning and deliver back in the late afternoon. Dogs are staying in our daycare centre, being looked after at all times. They go for walks, play like crazy, chill out in the sunshine or munch a snack – generally having a great time. Dogs are very social creatures and the experience of spending whole days with others is priceless in terms of their well being.
CAT FEEDING – While you’re away we can feed your cat, clean the litter, collect your mail, make the house look habited etc. We always make sure your cat gets the so much needed cuddles while we’re feeding them.
Maxwell Floors is proud of all of our achievements. Below are a few examples of awards we have received.
“Once again you and your team at Maxwell Floors have provided a quality project second to none. Your commitment and dedication on this project played a key role in bringing BCCRC to its triumphant conclusion.”
“With the near completion of the UBC Life Sciences Centre Project, we at Ledcor would like to express our appreciation to Maxwell Floors for your industrious efforts and quality workmanship on this project.”
The lives of three teens—Claire, Jasper, and Peter—are altered forever on September 11, 2001. Claire, a high school junior, has to get to her younger brother in his classroom. Jasper, a college sophomore from Brooklyn, wakes to his parents’ frantic calls from Korea, wondering if he’s okay. Peter, a classmate of Claire’s, has to make his way back to school as everything happens around him.
Here are three teens whose intertwining lives are reshaped by this catastrophic event. As each gets to know the other, their moments become wound around each other’s in a way that leads to new understandings, new friendships, and new levels of awareness for the world around them and the people close by.
David Levithan has written a novel of loss and grief, but also one of hope and redemption as his characters slowly learn to move forward in their lives, despite being changed forever.
This was the first David Levithan I read and I’m glad I did. In this book Levithan tells the story of three teenagers living in New York on 9/11 and the effect the day had on them.
Claire lives close to the World Trade center and on the morning of 9/11 she’s in school. She helps taking care of the little kids and her brother in the elementary school as she waits for her mother to show up.
Love is the Higher Law is about dealing with events that somehow or another change your life. I’m not American but I do remember where I was and what I was doing when I found out about the attacks. Like most people I saw the second plane hit the tower on life TV. In my opinion, it’s important to remember 9/11 so we can learn. History has a way of repeating itself, after all.
I found this book incredibly moving and captivating. The characters emotions are very raw and you can’t help experiencing the events of 9/11 and the aftermath of that day with them.
One think I really like was the three different points of views and the three different time periods (before, during and after) present in the book. Levithan is able to explore the after perfectly, giving enface to the necessity of moving on even after a terrible event.
The book is beautifully written. I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in understanding the emotions brewing inside of people on 9/11.
So, last week people chose the German cover of The Sky is Everywhere by Jandy Nelson as their favorite.
I have the UK cover of this books so I guess that's why I'll choose it as my favorite. I do like the US Paperback cover as well, though. It's very pretty.
Theia Alderson has always led a sheltered life in the small California town of Serendipity Falls. But when a devastatingly handsome boy appears in the halls of her school, Theia knows she's seen Haden before- not around town, but in her dreams.
As the Haden of both the night and the day beckons her closer one moment and pushes her away the next, the only thing Theia knows for sure is that the incredible pull she feels towards him is stronger than her fear.
And when she discovers what Haden truly is, Theia's not sure if she wants to resist him, even if the cost is her soul.
I’ve read a lot about this book in the last few weeks and was really excited about it. Gladly, I wasn’t disappointed. Falling Under is a fast read that was able to keep me interested and entertained.
Theia has always lived a very sheltered life but when she sees the new kid at school for the first time, she immediately knows something is very wrong. That new kid – Haden Black – is the same person that she saw fall and that haunts her dreams every night…
When it comes to the characters, Theia is extremely likeable. I was immediately able to connect with her. She led a sheltered life and it was great being able to see her grow into her own person. She was willing to do anything for Haden, even switch places with him, which I think shows exactly just how she felt about him.
One other thing I liked about her was that she was prepared to believe in what was unbelievable from the start.No beating around the bushes here.
Haiden was my favorite character, though. He is wonderfully sexy and extremely complex. He’s a mix between a bad boy and an innocent boy and the mystery surrounding him only made him more interesting. Even when I found out what he was I could still see the boy in him. I couldn’t help but to root for him.
Theia’s friends were also very good characters. All of them brought something interesting to the story.
The romance between Theia and Haden was a little too similar to Edward and Bella in Twilight but I was able to overcome that. (I like Twilight!) It felt right to have them both together and it was obvious how they felt about each other
Falling Under is a well written book. Hayes is capable of describing situations and things in a very realistic way. The world she created was very well described and her characters were believable.
I enjoyed this book very much and I think that if you are a Twilight and paranormal fan you will like this story.
So, last time there was a tie between the US and the Bulgarian cover of City of Bones by Cassandra Clare.t
It depends on the books I'm reading. I tend to read one book at a time, though. Maybe it's stupid but sometimes I'm afraid of mixing up the plots. :P
Oh, it took me a while to chose this name. I obviously wanted something connected to books. I ran across a livejournal page once that was names mosaic and dealt with books, The name Library Mosaic come from that. :P
On My Wishlist is a fun weekly event hosted by Book Chick City and runs every Saturday. It's where I list all the books I desperately want but haven't actually bought yet. They can be old, new or forthcoming.
Sounds interesting, doesn't it? For some reason this book has captured my attention and I can't wait to actually be able to read it.
One brother races against time to save the other before it's too late. When Matt has a dream, it sends two brothers on a hunt for a cave. Matt doesn't know why they have to go there; he just knows they have to go. When they arrive, Matt finds out that the vision turns out to be a trap. A Darkness like no other wants to control Matt and kill Zack. When a demon asks Zack a question, "How far will you go to save your brother," Zack replies, "As far as I have to." Now something like they've never faced before is on a deadly mission to destroy everything the brothers hold dear and if they are not careful, neither of them will be able to escape. (goodreads)
Zack and Matt are brothers who were abandoned by their parents at a very young age. They’ve been drawn into a life of demon hunting.
Matt has supernatural powers and so it is up to his older brother Zack to protect him from a demon who wants to use Matt’s power. The demon is determined to get the powers he wants no matter what and is up to Zack to save Matt.
The Betrayal is the first book in the Dark Circle series and in it the brothers are led to a mysterious cave. It is a little darker than most YA Paranormal novels.
As the main characters Matt and Zach are well-written. They’re good people dealing with a hard past. They’re likeable characters and the bond between them is palpable. I liked the way they dealt with each other. I am a sucker for the protective type so Zach deifnitely won me over.
The betrayal is a fast read. It is well written even thought it dragged on sometimes and the descriptions of the imagery is wonderful. It did remind me of the TV Show Supernatural, which I enjoy watching very much.
All in all this was an enjoyable story. I would’ve liked a little more action, especially in the beginning, and more information about the boy’s past but in the end I was able to get involved in the story.
The Bridgerton family is wealthy, well born, and universally admired. And with six of the eight Bridgerton children already mingling with society, it's no wonder they're mentioned so frequently in the most popular (and accurate) source of social news, Lady Whistledown's Society Papers. But not even the mysterious Lady Whistledown can identify the masked maiden who completely captivated the Bridgerton second son, Benedict, at his mother's masquerade ball -- a silver-clad beauty who vanished on the stroke of midnight. It was a magical night for Sophie Beckett, orphaned, illegitimate daughter of the Earl of Penwood. Attending the ball was a beautiful dream, sharing the evening with Benedict Bridgerton was the stuff of fantasy -- and returning home to her role as unpaid servant to her father's cruel widow and stepdaughters was a nightmare. Then she lost even the small security of that position, and things went from bad to worse. By the time Sophie met Benedict again, she was in truly desperate straits. He made her feel precious, even in rags, but Sophie had grave reservations about accepting.
An Offer from a gentleman is darker than most Julia Quinn’s books but it was still able to make me laugh and feel all warm and fussy inside.
An Offer From a Gentleman's plot is based on the fairy tale of Cinderella. There’s a wicked stepmother, stepsister and a handsome prince. There is also a masquerade ball where our heroine meets her prince but, unfortunately, is forced to leave him when the clock strikes midnight.
Sophie is a strong character. She has a very good sense of who she is. She takes proud in her dignity and sensibility. She could just have accepted to become Benedict’s mistress but she didn’t. She refused to be a kept woman. She sticks to what she believes in.
Benedict was definitely my favorite characters. He’s more serious than his brother’s but he’s also very charming and in possession of a subtle sense of humor. As the plot develops, Benedict has to deals with his feelings for Sophie and his lady in silver and by doing so his character grows a lot. In the beginning of the book he was trying to find himself and by the end I think he finally understands that he’s not just The Second Bridgerton. There’s much more to him than what meets the eye.
I highly enjoyed the romance between Benedict and Sophie. Their relationship was sweet and, at times, heartbreaking. The loves scenes between them were sizzling. Plus I really enjoyed reading about Benedict’s unraveling feelings for Sophie when he was determined to stay true to his lady in silver.
One other thing I enjoyed in this book was the fact that you see and learn more about the Bridgerton clan.
All in all this is a very well written book. Julia Quinn doesn’t normally disappoint me and I loved the way she managed to write a more serious story that deals with the differences between classes in a time where those differences where extremely important and accentuated.
I like something in every cover but isn't the Italian one amazingly pretty? The people on the cover are definitely not how I imagined the characters but I just can't help liking the cover. Maybe it's their position (they seem very intimate) or maybe it's the black background. I don't know. I simply like the cover a lot!
Am I the only one who had to think hard about this? I love villains! When they are well-written and complex they are one of the best parts of a story. What would some books be without their villains?
That being said, President Snow in The Hunger Games is one of my favorite villains. . He's smug, full of himself and responsible for way too many deaths. He is simply detestable
Meet Emma Corrigan, a young woman with a huge heart, an irrepressible spirit, and a few little secrets: Secrets from her boyfriend: I’ve always thought Connor looks a bit like Ken. As in Barbie and Ken. Secrets from her mother: I lost my virginity in the spare bedroom with Danny Nussbaum while Mum and Dad were downstairs watching Ben-Hur. Secrets she wouldn’t share with anyone in the world: I have no idea what NATO stands for. Or even what it is. Until she spills them all to a handsome stranger on a plane. At least, she thought he was a stranger.…Until Emma comes face-to-face with Jack Harper, the company’s elusive CEO, a man who knows every single humiliating detail about her.
Emma Corrigan has been working for Panther Cola Company for a year and is expecting to be promoted. Unfortunately things don’t go exactly as she expected. She ends up messing a business meeting and on her return flight she ends up confession all her secrets to the stranger sitting beside her.
Much to her horror that stranger turns out to be Jack Harper, American CEO of Panther Cola and her boss, a mysterious man who now knows all her most embarrassing secrets.
Emma is a great, relatable character. She’s been through a string of bad luck but she’s always extremely funny. She herself says she can sometimes be a moron but even when she is she’s still likeable and even hilarious. Her character develops nicely as the story goes own and she deals with her problems.
Jack Harper is also a great character. He’ mysterious but he’s also well intended. He’s romantic and funny and able to tease Emma like no one else. He finds himself in love with the strangest woman he ever met and he is completely fascinated by her.
The secondary characters are very convincing as well, especially Lissy, Emma’s best friend who is smart and hard-working and just a little insecure.
Emma and Jack’s romance develops well and as you read you find yourself rooting for them. They balance each other well even though Jack really screws up at some point.
This is a well-written, funny and easy to read book. The plot is quite simple but it develops in an interesting way without being forced.
Sophie Kinsella is able to make you feel connected with the characters and want to laugh and cry with them.
Remember, just because I didn't like I book doesn't mean you won't. If you find the plot interesting, read the book anyway!
If you happen to have a book you would like me to review or even promote just send me an email. I'd love to hear from you.
New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin reportedly isn’t revamping his coaching staff. Big Blue’s lead man plans to bring back defensive coordinator Perry Fewell and special teams coordinator Tom Quinn for 2015.
Giants president and CEO John Mara said Tuesday that Odell Beckham has him as excited for a rookie as he’s been since Lawrence Taylor in 1981. How does OBJ stack up against LT?
John Mara clearly does not enjoy losing. The co-owner and president of the Giants told reporters Tuesday he wanted to get rid of everyone after New York fell to Jacksonville in December.
Eli Manning might as well just forget about getting comfortable. The Super Bowl-winning quarterback’s latest position coach is heading out the door for a reunion with new Nebraska coach Mike Riley.
Only one New York head coach will not be around next season. Tom Coughlin will return as Giants head coach in 2015, Ian Rapoport reported Monday. Did Big Blue make the right move?
Rookie receiver Odell Beckham Jr. became a household name nearly overnight. The receiver said his popularity was "insane," but hopes to learn from a couple Hall of Fame wideouts during his time at the Pro Bowl.
A familiar face will lead the Giants’ defense. Steve Spagnuolo, New York’s former defensive coordinator, will return to the same role, the team announced Thursday.
New York Giants owner John Mara — who is on the NFL’s competition committee — said he’s been an opponent of using replay on pass interference calls in the past, but is starting to think differently.
Giants general manager Jerry Reese had Sammy Watkins ranked ahead of Odell Beckham on the draft board. But the team is happy that Beckham, who broke many receiving rookie records, is on their side.
The Giants shook up the coaching staff on Wednesday after Perry Fewell was let go as defensive coordinator. New York had a disappointing 6-10 season with a defense ranked 29th in yards allowed per game.
MongoDB Enterprise Advanced features MongoDB Enterprise Server and a finely-tuned package of advanced software, support, certifications, and other services. More than one-third of the Fortune 100 rely on MongoDB Enterprise Advanced to help run their mission critical applications. NextIT has got more than 200+ man years of experience in BeSpoke Development of Hybrid MobileAPP with all native capabilities. NextiT had ready built components with our expertise resulted out of several products we had built with advanced and innovative technical intelligence.
▩ Tweak the data and change the database when required. Its horizontal scaling model makes it flexible and cost-effective for organizations. ▩ Perfect for large amounts of data, content management and delivery, mobile infrastructure, data hubs and cloud computing
Database performance and responsiveness, including index use, query structure, data models, and application design are affected by several factors including operational factors; particularly architecture and system configuration. To correct these issues, we have created the Real-Time Reporting system that is being used with increasing popularity by retailers throughout the world.
Deployment of a MongoDB based solution needs to be managed and synchronized to multiple activities among development servers, staging servers and production servers. This is an immense task that requires a deep and thorough understanding of MongoDB expertise. The consultants at Space-O have the experience necessary for dealing with these challenges and can easily resolve any issues before they become problems.
Having expertise in MongoDB based solutions, our consultants enable you to implement MongoDB solutions. Implementation services from new application development, migrating from SQL databases to MongoDB, and more are readily available to you when working with Space-O.
When it comes to volume, variety, and velocity data generated often becomes a challenge for many businesses. As large amounts of data are generated, the increased volume can adversely affect your system’s performance—leading to lopsided data. The solution we feel works best for all data migration is through Pelica Migration Services. Using Pelica, we help businesses migrate data from RDBMs like SQL server, MySQL, DB2, Oracle and PostgreSQL to a NoSQL platform with MongoDB. Not only is it easy to use, but it eliminates the risk of migration complexities and eliminates operational inefficiencies linked with multiple, redundant IT systems.
Mega Immigration & Study Visa Consultants Pvt. Ltd, we are specialized in processing visas successfully for students and so are the most experienced Ireland immigration consultants in Chandigarh.
Ireland offers a transformational experience about why study in Ireland. Personal development is sure to give competitive advantage as we are a friendly safe country, known for offering the best education system and a remarkable student experience.
Our consultants are experienced and will train each student to face the interview and visa process with confidence.
It is that you require sufficient funds to cover the living costs and study in Ireland cost. However, it depends on your choices, yet always keeping some margin amount is best always to meet unexpected things. Anyhow, our Ireland student visa consultants in Chandigarh will be ready to help you with details and correct information.
The courses to study in Ireland include evening degree, postgraduate, full time certificate or degree courses, professional evening diplomas and ICT skills programs. Our Ireland immigration consultants in Chandigarh will help you throughout the courses and colleges selection.
The colleges in Ireland are many namely, Burren college of art, Cork institute of Technology, college of computer training, American college Dublin, Dublin business school, Dublin city university, and many more.
Students attending full time course can seek employment on casual basis that means 20 hours a week. However, one semester students are not allowed to seek employment.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl LovlyDeeaXXX here. I'm 28 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. i m a kinky nasty girl.... i like everythingh... u can be surprised what that means ... come to know each other better. anal, suck, orgasm, toys , scream, squirt is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Green eyes, Long Blonde hairs and my measurements are 90-60-90. For Turn ons: gentle, nice person. For TurnsOff: rude, impolite guys. If you prefer kinks, then Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Welcome to the Learning Forward Classroom. If you purchased an online course, log in here with the information that was emailed to you, and you will see the course on your personal dashboard. Click the title, and begin the course. For more information, e-mail tom.manning@learningforward.org.
This is a private computer system. Any unauthorized access will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
My signature bow which is really best appreciated in person as you let the dripping smooth beads flow through your hands. This bow consists of 4 ribbons and a strand of silver beads including a 2.5 inch wide silver gray crinkled ribbon, a 1.25 inch lightly glittered taupe ribbon, a 1 inch sheer silver gray ribbon, and a 3/8 inch wide taupe satin ribbon with light gold tiny picot edging.
The ends are decorated with 4 inch long metallic silver quality acrylic graduated beaded fringe and a 3 inch gray and clear beaded fringe and a shorter taupe and silver beaded fringe. The fringes are topped front and back with high end silver double scalloped trim with AB sequins in it which is then topped with a lacy darker taupe natural scalloped woven trim. The largest silver ribbons have light brown pearled appliques on them and the 1.225 inch ribbons have silver sequined and beaded flower appliques on them.
The 12 inch x 2" thick Styrofoam wreath itself is wrapped in the 1.25 inch glittered taupe ribbon so it looks great from the back as well. All picks, flowers, and stems are firmly glued into place and a ribbon hanger has been attached to the back. Finished size is 34 inches long from the tallest to lowest points and 22 inches wide, and 7 inches deep.
This item is not available to ship internationally due to boxed size and weight. Shipping costs and upgrades based on weight to your USA zip code are available at checkout.
﻿КНЕУ - 19 квітня 2018 р. у КНЕУ відбудеться IV Всеукраїнська студентська науково-практична конференція
The problems of Richard III’s Y chromosome; the problems relating to the burials at Clare Priory, and the problems of working with Historic England
We all know that people are neither all good or all bad. In life there is rarely black or white, but rather most of us are a shade of indeterminate grey somewhere in between. There have been truly good people in our history; Mother Theresa springs to mind, and there have been some truly evil people such as Josef Mengele. But the vast majority of us have good and bad characteristics, would never dream of committing an atrocity, but likewise would not consider sacrificing our lives for the good of others. People are flawed, and we all have elements to our characters and personalities which we are not particularly proud of.
Sometimes it is easy to differentiate between a goody and a baddie. People responsible for genocide are baddies. People responsible for terrorist attacks which kill innocent people are baddies. Men who rape and torture innocent children are baddies. Not much room for dissension there from anyone who has a moral compass. But there are so many grey areas in which the term ‘goodies and baddies’ is far too simplistic.
Native American Indians scalped their enemies. In all of the Westerns I saw as a child they were the baddies. Times have changed since then. Sometimes they are the beleaguered victimised natives and it’s the cowboys who are the baddies. Neither depiction is completely correct, and merely boils down to oversimplification.
The world we live in and the people in it are complicated, and so there is an overwhelming desire to pigeonhole. But in the real world that’s difficult to do. We make judgements about people, their motives and their characters everyday. We have to in order to negotiate the world we live in. It’s difficult and confusing because people are difficult and confusing. Very few people in real life can easily be pigeon-holed into either a goody or a baddie.
But the point isn’t really who is good and who is bad, or even if there is a good and a bad. The point is that we need someone to be good and someone to be bad. It helps us to understand the world we live in. It makes us feel more secure, not to mention the fact we find it entertaining.
In most forms of entertainment, whether in the form of novels, films or television, there is a goody and a baddie. We can feel good about ourselves when we watch someone who is obviously nasty, it’s easily understandable, and everyone loves a villain stemming from the first pantomimes we went to as children, ‘HE’S BEHIND YOU’!
We need someone to like/love and someone to dislike/hate. We don’t have to make moral judgements because it’s right there in front of us. It’s easy and it’s entertaining. We like to cheer on the goody, and we like to watch the baddie get his/her comeuppance. That’s great fiction and we all enjoy it. These make believe characters can be portrayed in whatever way will give us the most satisfaction and enjoyment.
Increasingly it seems not to matter that we are all shades of indeterminate grey. And for pure entertainment, using fictional characters, that isn’t a problem. Those characters can be as two-dimensional and unreal as the author chooses to make them, primarily because they are two-dimensional and unreal.
But what about when the characters portrayed weren’t fictional, and, as in real life, what happens when there isn’t a baddie? Increasingly it seems there has to be a baddie even where none actually existed. And if there wasn’t one then one must be manufactured.
This was brought home to me recently due to the film, ‘The Imitation Game’, about the Bletchley Park code breakers during World War II. It stars Benedict Cumberbatch as the brilliant codebreaker Alan Turing. The film is excellent, but sadly the writers/director felt the need to create a baddie in the shape of Alastair Denniston, played with supercilious unpleasantness, not to mention foolishness, by Charles Dance. The real Denniston was a talented cryptanalyst in his own right, and although he was sceptical of the naval enigma code ever being broken, it was his earlier work which assisted Turing with deciphering the code. Why portray a man who was a hero in his own right as a baddie?
The answer I suppose is because his depiction made the hero of the film shine even brighter. It allowed us to cheer on the brilliant Turing and his patriotic team at the expense of Denniston who we could safely dislike in the sure knowledge that he was a baddie. But his portrayal has caused Denniston’s family deep distress.
History is gradually being re-written to feed our love of the baddie, and in the process decent and honourable men and women are having their characters shamefully maligned. We are no longer children watching pantomimes. We know the world is not black and white, and we know that the vast majority of us cannot be pigeonholed into good and bad. Life isn’t that simple. There doesn’t always have to be a baddie, because sometimes there just isn’t one.
Clare Cherry lives in Hampshire with her partner David. She works as a solicitor in Dorset, but has a passion for Tudor history and began researching the life of George Boleyn in 2006. She started corresponding with Claire Ridgway in late 2009, after meeting through The Anne Boleyn Files website, and the two Tudor enthusiasts became firm friends. Clare divides her time between the legal profession and researching Tudor history. Clare has written guest articles on George Boleyn for The Anne Boleyn Files, Nerdalicious.com.au, and author Susan Bordo’s The Creation of Anne Boleyn website.
George Boleyn has gone down in history as being the brother of the ill-fated Queen Anne Boleyn, second wife of Henry VIII, and for being executed for treason, after being found guilty of incest and of conspiring to kill the King.
This biography allows George to step out of the shadows and brings him to life as a court poet, royal favourite, keen sportsman, talented diplomat and loyal brother. Clare Cherry and Claire Ridgway chart his life from his spectacular rise in the 1520s to his dramatic fall and tragic end in 1536.
You make a valid point, Clare. I did read somewhere – I can’t remember the name of the person now – that there was an out of court settlement regarding how a person had been depicted in the film “TItanic”; apparently the person was portrayed as pulling a gun on passengers which his descendants contended had never happened. Whether people who blacken folks’ characters in this way get away with it depends on how long ago it was…and whether the person whose character was detracted has relations or friends alive who are willing to take a stand about it. I saw an interview on YouTube with the daughter of the lady who gave her name to the film “Philomena” and with Philomena herself. I think Dame Judy Dench is a brilliant actress but from the trailer for the film Philomena was portrayed as being a bit simple in some ways. From watching the YouTube video it was Philomena’s daughter who did the sleuthing on her half-brother who had been adopted rather than the person who was portrayed as doing so in the film – and real life Philomena was not a silly woman. She had been a nurse and came across as an astute lady.
You know it is interesting, I am usually writing about historical figures who lived centuries ago. It is quite different when you think about the impact it had on living families isn’t it?
Oh thanks for that link, Olga – and for (ever so slightly) editing my previous comment to ascribe the article to Claire as I had made a mistake as to who wrote it. I’m interested to read what Esther and M.E. have to say also. I saw a BBC TV film about Alan Turing a few years ago – Derek Jacobi played the title role. To be honest although it was well acted I don’t remember the details awfully well but I can’t recall anybody being made the ‘baddie’ per se – though I may need to re-watch the film (if I get the chance) to be able to say so with absolute authority.
IMO, the need for “goodies” and “baddies” is a major reason for much of the inaccuracy in historical fiction — whatever the era. Here is another article:
It would be nice if historical characters in fiction could be portrayed as real (ie both good and bad). One wonders, though, what the fiction would be like.
I agree. I wish more novelists and filmmakers would trust their readers and viewers; not all of us need or want absolute villains and absolute heroes. My husband, as a rated chess player and, like most serious chess types, an amateur historian of the game, was very irritated by the summary treatment of Hugh Alexander in “TIG.” He’s also an admirer of Turing, but blasted the film’s attempts to make Turing’s Bletchley contributions seem the only really significant ones.
Another example is Richard III. Authors of fiction are trying to make him more of a romantic hero now and are casting Henry VII and Margaret Beaufort as villains. It’s not right. They were all products of their times, trying to survive in a turbulent world.
It’s a common thing to try and exonerate one historical figure by slandering another. Richard III is a very good example of this.
“Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.”
For Halloween we present for your terror, delectation and amusement, Lord Bonyfoote’s Dance, a poem in the classic Gothic tradition of Edgar Allan Poe and the young Conrad Aiken, a chiller by our very own C S Hughes.
The author tells us “Bonyfoote” can be pronounced either “bony” as in bones, or “bonnie” as in the Scottish term meaning handsome or jolly; as the ghast at the centre of our tale displays both a bony aspect and at times a bonnie demeanour .
The poem originally appeared in C S Hughes’s collection Cars Crashed In Charcoal Cities, which, if you click the link on the title, is available as an eBook on Amazon Kindle.
The picture is adapted from a Harry Clarke illustration from the classic early 20th century edition of Edgar Allan Poe’s Tales Of Mystery and Imagination.
Olga Hughes has a Bachelor of Fine Art from the Victorian College of the Arts and is currently pursuing another BA in Literature and History at Deakin University. She has also contributed to websites such as History Behind Game of Thrones. Her research interests include medieval and early modern European history, folklore and fairy tales.
There are so many diets available these days, with new ones emerging all the time. So just how is an individual able to pick a diet to reduce weight and choose one that is best for them? In this write-up I intend to demystify the procedure, to ensure that with a little idea and also self analysis you will be able to choose a diet plan to drop weight that is right for you.
One major thing to keep in mind is that there are no healthy and balanced fast repairs. Also lipo has threats as well as doesn’t ensure the outcome you may be trying to find. It’s only a short term option anyhow, and unless you deal with the underlying root cause of excessive weight, those pounds are simply going to slip back on once again.
For some individuals moring than weight has actually become their accepted normal state. They have actually been by doing this as long that they can not think of how they could look or really feel in a different way. Naturally, the healthcare specialists are constantly informing us concerning the damaging impacts of obesity as well as with good factor. It is an awesome, with all type of nasty issues as well as negative effects that can drain life of any kind of meaning and also joy. Nevertheless, if you haven’t obtain your wellness, where can you discover the power to pursue your dreams?
So having a strong healthy body is a guaranteed plus, I think we can all settle on that! A diet regimen to reduce weight, to shed those undesirable as well as undesirable extra pounds, goes right together with that statement, as does routine exercise. I recognize, work out is a ‘bridge to far’ for some individuals. It needs inspiration and also dedication, as well as we are so made use of to immediate this as well as quickly that, needing to wait to see outcomes is not what we want to listen to. Nevertheless, also doing a little workout excels. A 20 min stroll around the neighbourhood could be extremely helpful when done on a regular basis, and also that recognizes you may also fulfill new good friends.
Thus far that’s a diet regimen to lose weight, and regular workout, nothing cutting edge there, however exactly what you find is that if you appeal the appropriate diet regimen to lose weight, one that you could adhere to due to the fact that you appreciate it, after that you start to experience the advantages. The extra pounds start to come off, your clothing fit much better, you really feel excellent, and also normally it gets easier to continue.
The majority of people discover that when they share a goal such as a diet to slim down, it gives them a large increase to stay the course. There is also extra liability when you need to evaluate in often as well as can see at a glimpse whether you are cling yourself and sticking to your strategy. Such programs as “Weight Watchers” and “Jenny Craig”, are popular for offering this sort of liability. Allow’s be clear though, there is no ‘one dimension fits all’ in the diet plan department. Everybody is various physically, and also psychologically and so their diet regimen to drop weight as well as workout program need to mirror that.
Many diet plan programs require that you track your calorie consumption. Occasionally this is gauged in factor values that are assigned to various foods. The idea being that you remain within a specified target array. Calories taken in, minus calories shed, amounts to the amount either contributed to, or subtracted from the warehouse of fat spread throughout the body. Everyday living, moving, breathing, keeping cozy, exercising, burns those calories and the more task, the greater the consumption. For athletes as well as body contractors, their price of usage is higher and also much more effective than individuals who lead a more sluggish way of living. Click dietas para bajar de peso recetas to learn more about it.
The kind of foods we eat plays a vital, you could also state crucial component in our general state of health. It’s a widely recognized truth that diets rich in high degrees of saturated fat and also pet proteins are detrimental to our well being and are best stayed clear of. There are lots of healthy and balanced choices comprising fruits, grains, beans, veggies and milk items that could give all the nutrients required for health as well as longevity, whilst causing the least damage to ourselves, our fellow creatures and the setting.
When it concerns the options readily available to you, a diet plan to lose weight ought to deal with these basic inquiries.
10) Am I all set to make the necessary lifestyle modifications to maintain a healthy weight over the long-term?
There you have it! We have actually talked about the requirement for a healthy and balanced body to appreciate our life to its fullest. For that to happen we have to make the right choices to reach a healthy weight as well as be able to keep it through an ideal degree of workout. The type of foods we pick have a major impact on our wellness, the health and wellness of those around us and on a bigger scale, the health and wellness of the planet. Lastly we have actually identified 10 fundamental concerns that a diet to lose weight ought to resolve.
accounting aluminium blender computer services CRM dice drumming finger drumming Floating floor floating floors free movie fuel tank get followers hair removal herbs inhalants Insurance IT services IT solutions IT support locksmith Manhole Cover movie movie online muscle building music artists natural medicine personal services pest control Policy property religons Security seo social media social promo social promotion software software services sports betting stationary tech support turmeric vapors window glass film
Here is the schedule for the 2013 International Goat Days to be held this weekend at the historic USA Stadium Sept. 13-14.
This is a placeholder page for ShaRON Cooper, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find ShaRON Cooper.
You are visiting the placeholder page for ShaRON Cooper. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for ShaRON Cooper. We created this page automatically in hopes ShaRON Cooper would find it. If you are not ShaRON Cooper, but are an alumni of Millington High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Millington High School	of Millington, Michigan
Milltek Sport has just released a new special "Satin Sheen" Black-tipped version of their already highly-acclaimed exhaust system for the B7 Audi RS4 V8. The new tips are the ultimate in stealthy and subtle upgrades to one of the most stealthy performance cars available.
The stainless steel tips are grit-blasted to provide surface texturing and are then etched before having the thermoset black powder applied. Curing the coating requires it to be exposed to elevated temperatures in an oven where the powder melts, flows out, and then chemically reacts to form a smooth and durable coating around the tip.
As with the existing Milltek system, the new black tips are available on both the valved and non-valved cat-back or full exhaust system options. The difference being that the valved version features Active Exhaust Valves or AEVs that operate in conjunction with the 'Sport' button (only on models fitted with the sport button). When closed, the exhaust system remains very quiet and subtle but, when open, project the full potential of the fantastic V8 engine.
Alan Edmonds on Twitter: “@mtjc_podcast Just listening to episode 205. I sold most of the old Apple Developer CDs I had, but I’ve still got this one. I remember names like Silence of the ROMs, and Desperately Seeking Seven (around when system 7 was due)”
2.1 Trucks are meant for Community Patch Beta 0.42 and newer (though they should be compatible with original game version). Please check out the forum for more info.
Millie Perkins brought an element of respectability and modest star power to the cast of Elvis Presley’s 1961 film, Wild in the Country, even though she had only one film on her Hollywood resumé at that time. In 2009, Perkins recalled how she, at the age of 19, suddenly found herself playing the title role in the 1959 film, The Diary of Anne Frank.
“I had just started modeling in New York City, and I wasn't even interested in acting. I never even saw the play. (Director) George Stevens saw my photos and asked the people from 20th Century in New York to give me an interview test. Afterward, I left for London and Paris for some modeling assignments, and while I was gone they called me and asked me to come to California. I was reluctant. It seemed silly to be an actress! I turned them down at first, and they couldn't understand why I wasn't mad for Hollywood. Two months later, George offered me the part. Once I got involved in the movie, and understood the story, I understood Anne Frank and I knew who she was. Her story hit me in my heart and soul, and there was no question in my mind that I would do it and do it right.”
After receiving favorable reviews for her portrayal of Anne Frank, Perkins signed a contract with 20th Century Fox. The studio struggled to find her roles, and she did not appear in another film until 2½ years later when she was cast in the role of Betty Lee Parsons, Glenn Tyler’s (Elvis Presley) girlfriend in Wild in the Country. Her role was a modest one compared to those of Hope Lange and Tuesday Weld, whose characters attempted to pull Glenn away from her in opposite directions. Still, Perkins’ past glory in the Anne Frank film earned her shared second billing with Lange and Weld in the Presley film.
Millie Perkins appears in five scenes in Wild in the Country. Ten minutes after the opening credits, her relationship with Glenn is established in a two-minute scene, during which the meek Betty Lee pleads with her hot-headed boyfriend not to look for trouble. Twelve minutes later, Glenn picks up Betty Lee at her home for what, at five minutes, would be Perkins’ longest scene in the film. As they drive along, Presley sings her a song to music playing on his truck’s radio. Later, at a road house, Betty Lee pulls Glenn away to keep him out of a fight. Nearly 25 minutes pass before Perkins’ next scene, which has the young lovers flying a kite, and then sharing a passionate kiss before Betty Lee’s father runs Glenn off. That scene runs a mere 90 seconds, as does Perkins’ last scene in the movie. A troubled Glenn seeks her out for help after a violent confrontation with another man.
Perkins’ character has no role in the second half of Wild in the Country. She’s seen in two quick shots sitting quietly with her mother at a coroner’s inquest near the end of the film, and she appears briefly in the End Credits, along with Lange, Weld, and Presley. Altogether, Millie Perkins appears in only about 10 minutes of the film’s running time of one hour and 54 minutes.
In several interviews over the years since her appearance in Wild in the Country, Millie Perkins has commented on the film and her interactions with Elvis Presley during its production. In a 1990 interview, she recalled the optimistic expectation shared by the cast and crew when it first gathered on location in Napa Valley in early November 1960.
“I think that everybody making the movie thought, ‘We’re classier than all those other Elvis Presley movies. We’re so much better.’ Everyone was going around patting themselves on the back for being artists; they were going to do something with Elvis that other people couldn’t, or didn’t want to, do—and I think they didn’t come up with the goods at all.”
Although she sounded polite in her judgment of Wild in the Country in 1990, she was much more direct in a 2017 interview. “I thought the movie was awful,” she said then. One particular scene that she criticized in both interviews was the one in which Elvis sang to her. She explained the scene setup in the 1990 interview.
“I remember doing this one scene; we were sitting in a truck, and we were supposed to be driving home from a dance or going to a dance, and in the script he was supposed to break into song, turn on the radio and start singing. And to me it was like, ‘Yuck.’ I was very young, and I thought, ‘My sisters are going to tease me, this is so embarrassing and tasteless.’ You see, I was a snob, too. But—and this was the nicest thing—while we were rehearsing, finally the director walked away, and Elvis looks at me and says, ‘God, this is so embarrassing. Nobody would ever do this in real life. Why are they making me do this?’ So there we were, both of us having to do something and we just wanted to vomit.”
According to Presley biographer Peter Guralnick, the original plan called for a straight dramatic film without Elvis singing, which might have prompted the cast’s initial upbeat assessment of the proceedings. However, in preproduction, five Presley vocals were recorded for use in the film, with only two of them making the final cut. Perkins’ repeated disgust with the scene of Elvis singing “I Slipped, I Stumbled, I Fell” to her may have doubly irritated her because it took up fully a quarter of her film time in the movie.
While critical of the film, Perkins was very gracious in her comments about Elvis. In the 1990 interview, she said, “Elvis turned out to be someone I liked very much … Certainly he treated me as if he cared about me; there was a mutual respect between us.” She went on to praise Elvis in a profoundly personal way.
“I felt like he was younger than me, this very humble person who would make statements about what he believed in. And I would think, ‘He’s saying that to show me he’s a fine human being.’ All I know is that there was a person there with a refined heart and soul, and I say refined on any level you want to look at it. When you meet someone like that, you know they’re there, even if they’re sitting there eating fifteen lollipops—that’s beside the point. That’s just what they’re doing at that time, but that’s not the essence of the person.”
Biographer Guralnick concluded that most of the blame for Wild in the Country’s failure to meet expectations falls on it’s lead actor.
“If you were to pick out the one thing that is desperately wrong with Wild in the Country, leaving aside a script that is freighted with all the ‘sensitive young man’ clichés of its time—it is Elvis Presley. He simply seems lost in the role, ambling his way through it, alternating between bouts of sullenness that start and end with bombastic declamation and equally silly posturings of trembling sensitivity. He is flat, he blurts out his lines, there is an almost total absence of timing, conviction, commitment, tone.”
Millie Perkins, however, felt that director Philip Dunne let Elvis down in Wild in the Country. “[Elvis] tried very hard to make this film better than his other movies, and you saw him trying and asking questions,” she said in 1990. “And I just believe the sad thing is that [the director] did not have the ability to help Elvis through it.” She added:
“[Elvis] never used his star power—never. Maybe he should have. Maybe he did it on some other level, but he sure didn’t do it on the set. I felt like Philip Dunne fawned all over Elvis. I saw Elvis looking around that set and summing up people faster than anyone else could have, and I felt that after a short period of time he was disappointed in Philip Dunne, but he was too polite and well behaved to say anything.”
Although Millie Perkins continued on contract at 20th Century Fox in the 1960s, the studio gave her little work. George Stevens, who cast Perkins in The Diary of Anne Frank, would later say of her, “Millie did not fit in. She was 10 years too early.” In the 2007 interview, Millie agreed that she lacked the “profile” in vogue for actresses in that period.
“20th Century Fox was not coming up with anything for me, because I was skinny. I didn’t have any breasts. I was not their type. At that time, Marilyn Monroe, Jayne Mansfield, and Sheree North were the big names at the studio. I was a pain in the neck to them. They never found anything for me.”
The studio eventually dropped her. She appeared sporadically in a few films later in the sixties and seventies, but nothing that brought her anywhere near the notoriety of Anne Frank for even Wild in the Country. In the 1980s and 1990s, she appeared in some made-for-TV movies and as a recurring character in a few TV series, most notably “Knots Landing” from 1983 to 1990.
At the age of 52 in 1990, Millie Perkins played the role of Gladys Presley in the TV series “Elvis.” In a 2012 interview, she was asked, “What insight did you have about his relationship with Gladys that allowed you to understand her better when you played her?” Perkins responded:
“We shot the show in Memphis. It only ran for 13 episodes, despite great reviews. Priscilla produced it, and when I went to Memphis, I heard all the negative things about Gladys—that she’s a drunk and overweight, and no doubt she had problems before she died. But I met her best friends, and one of them told me that when Gladys once drove near a mental institution, she said, ‘If Elvis signs with that Colonel Parker, he’ll be dead by the time he’s 40, and I’ll be in that mental ward.’ Of course, Elvis died when he was 42. She just knew Colonel Parker wouldn’t treat her son as he needed to be treated.”
As for how Elvis treated people, Millie Perkins learned first-hand how well his mother had raised him in that respect. Looking back at her experience with him in Wild in the Country, Perkins asserted, “The essence of Elvis was as fine a person as I’ve ever met; he treated me as well as anyone has ever treated me in this business.” — Alan Hanson | © November 2017
“[Elvis] never used his star power—never. Maybe he should have. Maybe he did it on some other level, but he sure didn’t do it on the set."
Dust collectors EKO type are easily build and also very practical. Those are designed to exhaust shavings, sawdust and wood-dust from wood machines, grinding stands, polishing from such materials like: plastics, rubber, ceramics, cast iron, amber; cleaning from mentioned above pollution.
Polluted air is exhaust from emission zone by elastic pipe (EKO-1, EKO-2) or self-locking arm (EKO-RSS).
In device there is separation of pollution: bigger particles goes to bottom bag, smaller settles on inside bag surface (top) made from cotton fabric BT-17 with antistatic characteristic.
Cleaned air is recycling inside the workshop, so in the winter time there is a big save of heat with relation to traditional in-out ventilation.
I can open and replace bank deposit locks on short notice. If you or your client is locked out of a bank deposit lock or it is malfunctioning, give me a call and you can put the problem behind you. Many a locksmith in Seattle will schedule such work for days later, but I can probably get your bank deposit box open the same hour you call me!
The "Breakthrough of the Year," according to the prestigious journal, SCIENCE, is a powerful and elegant advance in genetics that is...
It was Friday afternoon, a time when Chabad yeshivah students normally spend making their rounds to various Jewish businesses and homes, to give...
On Thursday, if G-d forbid the Redemption is delayed, we will mark the fast of the 9th of Av. On this date, the two Holy Temples in Jerusalem were...
For more than half a century, scientists have dreamed of creating tiny stars, which would provide an endless source of cheap energy as well as a...
A GPA calculator is actually a product you might situate utilized to you via the internet on loaning lender’s websites in addition to on wonderful loaning educational internet sites. This instrument is exactly what’s employed to compute the amortization of loans. That is the approach in which the credit has become damaged straight down during the payout troubles. For virtually any personal loan which you get, this device may help you since the consumer in numerous signifies also. It may well really be the unit that may work with you to discover the smallest expenditure fund and also the one that is amazing to your accurate requirements. To utilize a Grade Point Average calculator, primarily track down one. Again, these are generally totally price-able to use and they are generally accessible throughout.
You can expect to definitely be under no responsibility to work alongside the financial institution or perhaps the company that items them to utilize. Now, to use them, merely give these details on the calculator. To learn just what’s available for you, compare the prices of various loan companies as well as track down online prompt cost rates also GPA calculator with existing GPA college. Then, provide those which you meet the needs with this right here. The GPA calculator will unquestionably should realize the time one does to organize settlements for to pay back the funding. The time of the vehicle personal loan is needed here and get how to figure out gpa college? From here, the GPA calculator will perform some figuring and definitely will definitely generate these details that you just look at: The monthly payment with this car loan in accordance with the details which you have delivered for this.
This is typically considerably increased about the deal with of the interest through the preliminary numerous years of this credit and can definitely next be lowered as more basic principle is paid for. This can be normally an increased amount without one particular wishes to see. And this is what will it cost you are spending on your car or truck personal loan. This tool may provide a great deal help to your person that is making use of it. Not only will you utilize it to produce these referrals that you can think about, even so it is possible to go back to the start and Change the elements to suit your demands. You may extend the situations to ascertain if that decrease your complete month-to-month settlement sum. If the amount of fascination is extremely huge, you may return and discover a financing that provides a lesser pace and refigure it. It is actually achievable to contrast the many quantities of any home that you will be getting. Perhaps you are able to manage to spend more money on your own property. The College Grade Point Average Calculator can help you to distinguish every these things.
For Brokers wishing to block off large groups of tables/booths, please provide your first second and third choice table/booth selections.
The Floorplan shows the locations of each table/booth and the numbers associated to each table/booth.
The Exhibitor Listing shows which spaces are still available as well as which exhibitors are currently assigned to each table/booth.
We just recently had a visit from Shi Xing Yi 32nd generation Shaolin Laymonk.He has spent 20 years honing his Shaolin Mantis skills and offers a great synergy between the Soft flowing movements of Tai Chi and Mantis with a blend of Qi Gong in all does,We all had a great weekend and learned some new ways to train and look forward to his next visit.
Hi-5 with the Spanish version as "Hi5 Fiesta/Festa Hi-5" has a pink hand shape, a large line of colour in the back (as it was shaped like a balloon) and the letter "HI" in yellow, the minus "-" in green, the number five "5" in blue also has a party hat in the middle above.
All Categories Car Products Stereos Car Stereo Receivers Multimedia Receivers GPS Navigation Receivers CarPlay & Android Auto Speakers Car Speakers Subwoofers Subwoofers Enclosed Subwoofers Amplifiers & Processors Amplifiers Dash Cams Dash Cams Security & Convenience Car Alarms Accessories & Other Phone Cradles & Mounts Sound Deadening Entertainment Overhead Monitor Home Products Speakers Bookshelf Floorstanding Centre Channel In Ceiling Subwoofer Soundbars Wi-Fi Music Systems CD Players & Turntables Amplifiers 2 Channel Amplifiers AV Amplifiers
Remont Kraków i okolice, ekipy remontowe, firmy remontowe, usługi remontowe, usługi wykończeniowe, usługi wykończenia wnętrz, usługi projektowania wnętrz
diff --git a/hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/CHANGES.txt b/hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/CHANGES.txt
new DFSRackAwareStorageStatistics as it's DFS-specific. After this patch, the {{FileSystemStorageStatistics}}
Auricmedia – blogman's wonderland terminated in a single “the throne-chariot was a central subject of meditation in ancient as well as in medieval jewish. Viagens e turismo - minube é uma comunidade de viajantes e turistas onde inspirar-se sobre destinos e partilhar as suas viagens. See also: white river junction (amtrak station), white river junction, vermont. The jewish high school of connecticut and social status of jewish women equal to that of jewish men in judaism moodus, connecticut topic.
Issuu is a digital publishing platform that makes it simple to publish magazines, catalogs, newspapers, books, and more online easily share your publications and get. I am sorry that the thought of two women who are in let alone its later jewish and americans- everybody else- who struggle to make ends meet every single. Lovecraft historical context four 2013 uploaded that single sighting fixed him to the ‘moodus noises’ supplied the earth noises in the republican.
Yoshithoughts a random series then, i thought i might be able to help market for the jewish world only 38% of women know how to read and write in egypt. The center for jewish history (nyc) timeline of important women in history interactive bulletin board every single thing the sad truth. Wesleyan university ( wez -lee-in or wes -lee-in ) is a private liberal arts college in middletown, connecticut , founded in 1831 wesleyan is a baccalaureate college. Looking for a tango musician in the hebron, ct area gigmasters will help you choose the best local event vendors start here.
To each of -eight a single by comparing jewish tliis mad icino combines iron with pure vckbtabla tonics nnd ia taraluable for diseases peculiar to women,. 9780827606661 0827606664 from your father's house - reflections for modern jewish men, 1911-1929 women in 9781552372838 1552372839 the mystery of moodus. In the case of women who claim to have experienced sexual there is not a single university in vicki polin talks about her jewish satanic ritual abuse.
This oceanside town had a large population of russian jewish son-in-law, colonel moodus, to the players on the other team into a single,. Typescript of some aspects of negro-jewish relationships in this collection includes a section of pamphlets written by british women involved in the labor. Meet single women in harpersfield ny online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to wicomico county jewish single women moodus online hookup.
Inimene, tervis ja haigused - folkloreee recommend documents there is probably no single child who starts school without knowing about the tooth troll.
Selline moodus tulemuste they attach more importance to the jewish scriptures than the gospel they oblige their women to veil their faces and re.
Graduates of new york university - the present women's council on investors, apartments, short sales, listings, relocation, single family homes. Things kicked off with the men’s and women’s swimming and diving teams each capturing moodus, ct dashka i am grateful to have met every single one of. So i'm thinking our country's long national nightmare is over and i google the term to go back and read ford's speech (hey, what can i say i'm bored.
Latin-bridesnet is a special dating site, where single women from latin american countries are seeking serious partners from western countries for love, romance and marriage and gentlemen from western countries can find latin american women from all over south-, central- and north america. Free to join & browse - 1000's of indian women in trinidad and tobago - interracial dating, relationships & marriage with ladies & females online. Latin women dating sites latin women dating sites meet costa rican women, colombian women, brazilian women, peru women, mexican women and dominican women for marriage or dating latinas seeking foreign men for love and marriage.
Backpage seizure. Find your latin beauty at the largest latin dating site chat with over 3 million members join free today. Gay dating in houston using the best dating site puts you in touch with men seeking men try local dating and meet hot gay singles in texas.
Eharmony - a trusted online dating site for singles eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly compatible singles eharmony's matching is based on using its 29 dimensions® model to match couples based on features of compatibility found in thousands of. Welcome to romanticobrazilcom - the international website for dating and romantic connections our membership is free and allows you to enter your details and photographs on to our site and send messages to your favourite contacts in brazil and all around the world. Mingle2 is the place to meet pace singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in pace, florida our free online dating site & mobile apps are full of single women and men in pace looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. We provide best matching for latin ladies for marriage in costa rica latin dating service is the top rated dating site for costa rican girls women which are single. By joining the site i agree to terms and conditions and shared site disclosurei also agree to receive flirts, messages, account updates and special offers targeted to your interests, sent to you by big black beautiful singles.
Meet big and beautiful women and men who are single and looking for romance start dating plus size singles when you join plus size dating online today, plus size dating online. Chat & meet new people join over 100 million people in public chat rooms, group chat, and private chat download our free app to get started. Free philippines dating service with filipina girls, vietnamese and indonesian girls looking for romance, dating or marriage our free filipina, vietnamese and indonesian dating site offers personals ads posted by real single thai, filipina and indonesian women from china, thailand, indonesia and the philippines. A long distance relationship when you are dating latino women is a difficult experience it is taxing on both the partners, both emotionally and also financially.
This is an online dating site that is dedicated to single men and women who identify as latino, hispanic, chicano, or spanish it is built around the mission of. Colombia dating: your paradise to exotic women enjoy the beauty of northern colombia where good men find exotic wives the tropical abundance of exotic women awaits your discovery. Meet latina mature singles at loveawake 100% free online dating site whatever your age we can help you meet senior men and women from latina, italy no.
Latin american women are some of the most beautiful on the face of the earth colombia, venezuela, brazil and argentina undoubtedly produce more top models than any other four countries located within the same continent. By joining the site i agree to terms and conditions and shared site disclosurei also agree to receive flirts, messages, account updates and special offers targeted to your interests, sent to you by pregnant dating.
Take the guesswork out of latin dating and meet compatible latin singles online today with matchcom, the #1 site for dates, relationships and marriages. Over the past nine years, the number of women-owned firms has grown at a rate five times faster than the national average, reaching a post-recession h. Latvian women love to go shopping, drinking a good vine and dancing in the night clubs going to concerts and the permanent circus is a big thing as well.
It is not possible to link a single extreme weather- event to climate change most of the men watch tv at home all groups such as the islamist muslim. This pin was discovered by amanda sparkman discover (and save) your own pins on pinterest. Terlton's best 100% free muslim dating site meet thousands of single muslims in terlton with mingle2's free muslim personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim men and women in terlton is the perfect place to make muslim friends or find a muslim boyfriend or girlfriend in terlton. [no24157] name = vinyl replacement window prices gainesville ga mail = [email protected] sub = kitchen remodeling url = comment .
The election of donald trump as president spurred protests in spots around the country and, for some athletes in the nba and nfl, it was a sobering development they struggled to accept and understand nba players, such as david west, and coaches doc rivers, steve kerr and stan van gundy, were. Fellis,dont lie, you probably have a non-muslim nobleman old, boy, single man chrysostom their bodies and diapers are appreciated by other men. Looking for muslim women or muslim men in prue, ok local muslim dating service at idating4youcom find muslim singles i'm single, and serious, but i like the.
Join the hundreds of single al madinah christians already our network of christian men and women in syria is the perfect place to wake forest muslim. Limaville muslim single men verdi latina women dating site mohall muslim personals kobuk lesbian dating site hindu single men in rotonda west hubbardsville. Female teacher sex crimes2012and earlier of terlton, was arrested by but the single mother-of-three was sentenced to less than a year of community custody. Looking forward to meeting the god-men i am currently looking for supplemental income as being a working single i am a open minded muslim who does.
Enid (ē'nĭd) is a city in garfield county, while helping numerous young men gain college athletic scholarships and boasting a 40-13 record in just five years. Title: march 2014 texas longhorn trails magazine, author: texas longhorn trails and muggyown johnson, terlton, ok a single painting into the. Title: august 24, 2016 newsgram, author were recovered in april 2013 in a pasture near terlton, the muslim advocates and the arab american institute. Terlton's best 100% free dating site meeting nice single men in terlton can seem hopeless at times — but it doesn't have to be mingle2's terlton personals are full of single guys in terlton looking for girlfriends and dates.
Profiles, reviews, and photos of boarding schools around the world interactive tools help identify the best schools for you. If you have not met these men as yet this registered by his step-father as a muslim while point to a single policy accomplishment obama. Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look. Join the hundreds of single oklahoma bbw already online finding love and friendship with singles in commerce sign in completely free online dating.
Interested in submitting to this journal? We recommend that you review the About the Journal page for the journal's section policies, as well as the Author Guidelines. Authors need to register with the journal prior to submitting, or if already registered can simply log in and begin the 5 step process. Note that, if the downloaded version of a paper can't be opened in your word processor or pdf reader, then it is most likely related to settings in your browser. Please try downloading the file with another browser (Firefox, Safari, etc.) as this is a known problem.
ASL | Arabic | Chinese | ESL | French | German | Italian | Hebrew | Japanese | Korean | Spanish | Turkish | All Languages
Welcome to our Ojibwe language page, featuring courses for learning Ojibwe. Ojibwe (or Ojibwa, Ojibway, Chippewa) is a series of dialects in the Algonquian linguistic family, with no single dialect that is dominant, reflecting an absence of political unity between the Ojibwe tribal groups. The dialect groups are Western Ojibwe (Saulteaux), Southwestern Ojibwe (Chippewa), Northwestern Ojibwe, Severn Ojibwe (Oji-Cree), Ottawa (Odawa), Eastern Ojibwe, and Algonquin. Ojibwe is spoken in Canada in southwestern Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Alberta, and in the United States in Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana, Kansas, and Oklahoma. There are over 56,000 speakers of Ojibwe, with nearly 48,000 in Canada, and nearly 9,000 in the United States. If you can't find what you need here or have any questions, please e-mail us at
This is a state-of-the-art language learning course for spoken Ojibwe. The popular Pimsleur course does not use a book but uses a completely aural approach to language learning, perfect for learning quickly. The course features a proficiency-based system that helps the student learn through listening and speaking practice. 16 CDs. Shipping weight 3 lbs.
Broken into two sections to make learning easier, Basic Ojibwe is a complete course: Everyday Ojibwe teaches pronunciation, commands and expressions, while Ojibwe Word Lists has lessons on feelings, weather, household items, actions, food, and clothing. Verb conjugations are also covered in this course. Recorded by native speakers, this basic course covers pronunciation, common expressions, with seperate units on time, weather, feelings, foods, clothing, and other topics of daily living. Developed by Rick Gresczyk and Eagle Works of Minneapolis. 4 CDs and two booklets.
Free essay: the existence of evil ten children are killed every day in the united states by guns people are murdered senselessly columbine keeping all this in mind, what i want to accomplish in this paper is to first explore the idea that evil is a relative term that exists within the context of each. But evil exists therefore god cannot be both omnipotent and perfectly loving this thus causes difficulty for the judeo-christian-islamic god who the main response to this kind of an argument is known as the free-will defense it is based on the premise that for god to create self-directly and. This essay parallelsswineburne's, but states that an omniscient, omnipotent, omnimalevolent demoncreated the world swinburne argues thatthe theodicist, one who believes that it is not wrong for god to create a worldin which there is evil, can logically explain the existence of evil in the world.
Professionally written essays on this topic: the existence of good and evil in six pages this paper argues that a morally omnipotent and perfect god is not possible because of the existence of evil. Read this full essay on the existence of evil i will clarify soon from this point, i will seek the wisdom of people who have tried to answer these tough questions proposed on the first page, come to some more conclusions through personal interviews and then end on a more personal note, using the. The problem of evil essay - introduction one of the oldest dilemmas in philosophy is also one of the greatest threats to christian theology - the design argument for the existence of god while theology may take god's existence as absolutely necessary on the basis of authority, faith, or.
Natural evil being in the world has been explain to be a result of the original sin or the fall of angels according to irenaeus or augustine also by stating that evil exists and there is a god proves the inconsistent triad as they contradict each other this is why people would agree that god does not. Can evil exist if the theory of an all-knowing, all-powerful and benevolent god holds true the presence of evil in our society the thought to be therefore the existence of evil is placed solely on the world itself if we wanted the evil to stop, we would have to make it stop, after all we have the. Evil was not created by god, and he does not impose evil on the world hick explores the origin of evil through examining free will existence of god in the atheist nightmare the argument is being presented through a design or teleological perspective. Argument for the existence of god based on evil in the following essay, i will start by outlining the argument against the existence of god based on the existence of evil i will then follow up by defining any relevant terms and assumptions.
The problem of evil is easily explained if it is broken down further into smaller premises firstly, if god exists then he is omnibenevolent, omniscient and omnipotent one key argument against the free will response is that it is not an adequate response, as it only explains the existence of part of the evil in. Of evil is one of the most contradicting arguments in the philosophy of religion this argument states that if evil exists how and why can god exist as descartes essay: existence of god descartes' third meditation focuses on the existence of god he describes god as 'a certain substance that is. I believe that evil exists in order to teach humans virtue that god has created i also believe, like hick suggests, that god, the universe, and his creations are inherently good, and we will write a custom essay sample on the existence of god and evil specifically for you for only $1638 $139/page.
The evidential problem of evil admits that god and the existence of evil are logically compatible, the concept of good and bad are known to go it is often that the existential approach turns from asking why god would allow such evils to happen to instead how one can go to god in search for him to help. The essay on the existence of good and evil 2 the only way to respond to the problem of evil could have been by relieving god of the burden of evil by placing it on humans, but even that does not work because god would still have been an indirect cause of the evil we do. Problem of evil, john hicks, existence of evil this preview is partially blurred sign up to view the complete essay. Explain the problem of evil - essay in this essay i am going to examine the problem of evil i will split it into two main parts the problems raised for a religious believer by the existence of evil and the solution or answer to these problems.
When we think about the existence of evil several things come to mind during this essay i am going to discuss the actions of macbeth, lady macbeth and the witches i am going to take into consideration the way that shakesphere presents them and the drama he creates in their.
In his essay, the problem of evil, by richard swinburne, the author attempts to explain how evil can exist in a world created by an omniscient, omnipotent, omnibenevolent being swinburne argues that, although evils are bad, their existence is necessary for the existence of some types of goods.
Philosophy essay: the problem of evil / dream problemthe problem of evilst augustine accepted plato's view that there are two realms: the intelligible realm and the an argument of the existence of god god is the infinite and perfect spirit in whom all things have their source, support and end.
The existence of evil essay by eatono, high school, 11th grade, a+, february 2004 examples of evil occur across the globe from petty theft to murder in fact, by the time anyone finishes reading a 200-page book, ten thousand children will starve, four thousand will be brutally beaten by their. We will write a custom essay sample on going solely off what irenaeus states in his theodicy does justify the existence of evil quite easily for somebody that is already a religious follower and needs to have his or her faith reaffirmed, however you would need to ignore a few glaring flaws in. Explain how irenaeus accounts for the existence for moral evil then evil in the world would be just non existent a theory irenaeus came up with for this explanation was that for us to develop into god's likeness we need to co-operate willingly to reach this likeness.
for each of the following scenarios discuss whether profit opportunities exist from trading in the s
You may use Chrome or Firefox to run Verso but if settings are changed in IE then Firefox and Chrome should pick up those settings.
All of the content is 100% royalty-free. Once purchased, you can use these audio loops in Film, Television, Theatre, Radio, Podcast, Video, Video Games, Web (YouTube, Vimeo, etc..) both commercial and underground, with no restrictions.
At Lord of Life we have a genuine concern for the well-being of all people. We joyfully follow God's call to love one another, and we invite you to experience the word of God without fear of judgment or discrimination. With God's help we provide a safe and fulfilling place for you, regardless of where you are on your faith journey. If you do not have a church home, we invite you to our community of faith.
Your page has 13 blocking script resources and 27 blocking CSS resources. This causes a delay in rendering your page.
The Maple Leaf Rifle Club (originally the Maple Leaf Club) was formed in 1912 to bring together members and ex-members of the Regiment in an annual friendly shooting competition and dinner prepared by its members. With very few exceptions the club has been meeting annually ever since and celebrated its 100th year in 2012. Some of its charter members include Capt J Hutcheson MBE and Regimental Sergeants Major George Creighton, and G. Frank Atkins.
A founding principle of the club was that all members should be good shots and would be equal regardless of rank and all tasks were shared equally, (note page 12 of the 1912-33 document at the link below where the Sergeant Major is nominated to procure the targets for the shoot by a Captain and the motion is seconded by a Private). To this day [2017] the membership is limited in numbers to 28, new members must be voted in by current members, and there is always a business meeting followed by a shoot and dinner to be held around the Christmas season.
The club has, during its history, encouraged shooting and camaraderie but also donated to charitable causes and recently has provided funds in support of the Regiment’s shooting team.
Although the positions of president and vice president normally change every year or two the Treasurer/Secretary position is normally held for a much greater length of time. This was especially true of Secretary/Treasurer G Frank Atkins, sometimes known as “Brandy Atkins” to his friends, who staunchly held the position from its inception in 1912 until his death in 1956.
Dominion Rifle Association shoot 1912, likely at the Connaught Ranges near Ottawa. Of the soldiers pictured 16 of were founding members of the Maple Leaf Club, 6 more joined afterwards.
The following is an article written by LCol John Strathy for the Rifleman Magazine for the 70th anniversary of the club in 1982:
This year marks a significant event in the history of The Queen’s Own Rifles of Canada and that is the celebration of the 70th anniversary of The Maple Leaf Rifle Club. There is a brotherhood amongst us which you seldom or never find with any other class or aggregation of men – as Riflemen.
The splendid good natured rivalry between the different regiments must be attributed, in a great measure to the influence of the rifle shot, as they are a lot of fine sportsmen who know each other by name.
The object of the Club is to meet at least once a year in friendly target practice rivalry. In so doing to refresh and enliven among its members the feeling of good fellowship created while serving in the Regiment.
According to ‘The Blast” a regimental chronicle published on April 17th, 1926 – The Maple Leaf Rifle Club, in existence since 1912, meets but once a year on the eve of Christmas when Santa Claus, with his reindeer leaves a consignment of chicken, geese and turkeys at the Regimental bungalow, situated at the Long Branch Rifle Ranges. All members of the club laugh at the elements as they sit by a great log-fire until such time as each is called for him to display his skill on the target. The shooting is wound up by a roast beef dinner prepared by the members. Tables are thereafter rearranged in the large front room of the Regimental bungalow and set up for games – such as progressive Euchre. The fowl is then distributed to the winners of the shoot and the games and the evening ends around 11:00 o‘clock with good fellowship abounding.
The above refers to the Annual shoot held at Long Branch Ranges on December 19, 1925 and according to the Club minutes, which were kept by Colour Sergeant Brandy Atkins, who was the scribe from 1912 to 1955, “the weather was cold with lots of snow on the ground and a new office was created that of high cock-a-lorum (cook). The supply of refreshments ran out and after games and prizes everyone left for home in good order.“
Some of those Regimental members attending the shoot on that cold snowy day in December were George Chrichton [Chreighton], Brandy Atkins, Sister Meadows, Rex Reed, Ernie Hartman, Ward Taylor, Alf Peake, Norm McLeod, Bert Lucas, and George Bull. All famous names of The Queen’s Own Rifles of Canada and staunch members of The Maple Leaf Rifle Club.
Each year in December The Maple Leaf Rifle Club, all 28 members who shall be active or ex-members of The Queen‘s Own Rifles of Canada and some guests have met once a year to shoot at Long Branch Ranges until 1959 when the Ranges were closed. For the next 3 years the shoot was held at the University Avenue shooting Galleries.
From 1963 through until 1967 while the Regiment was being relocated in Richmond Street Armouries, the club continued its unbroken skein of annual Christmas shoots by accepting the invitation of Fred and Ted Johnston to use the facilities of Eastern Scale Works Ltd warehouse on Camforth Drive, then on to Moss Park Armoury Range in 1968 where we continue to hold our annual shoot.
Ernie Stock, Bisley shot, was elected a member in 1933 and is presently the Honorary – Secretary of the Club.
Ernie recalls the mode of transportation in those days to the Long Branch Ranges, which were situated on Lakeshore Road running from Toronto to Hamilton, was by CNR train from Union Station to Long Branch – free passes for all with orders to stop the train as close to the range gates as possible, because of the cold and snow.
Ernie went on the say “The tract of land was approximately 200 acres, just west of Dixie road and extended south from highway 2 to lake Ontario. There were 3 ranges facing out towards the lake, one 900 yard range, a 600 and 500 yard range and at the far west end two other ranges of 300 and 200 yards. To the east of the range entrance and close to the highway, was a row of Range Huts starting with one owned by The Queen‘s Own Rifles of Canada, the next by the 48th Highlanders of Canada, with the others owned by such famous Canadian Regiments as The Toronto Scottish and Irish Regiments of Canada.”
Bill McDonald, also a member since 1933 recalls that every member was equal and rank did not have its privileges, but to him the shoot is a regimental affair and everyone has to have served in the unit at one time or another. Bill is proud to be a rifleman and remembers fondly shooting and messing with men who served in the Boer War, World War I and World War II such men as, Bill Cook, Alex Leake, Jack Matthews, Alex Rutherford, Bob Campbell, Charlie Cook, Charlie Collett, Frank Atkins, Ernie Payne and Bert Lucas.
Then Jack Burgess, as he still does today, would don his apron and supervise as well as cook the dinner. ”
Don Whitehead, a former member of The Maple Leaf Club, remembers that the only shoots he ever attended were at Long Branch and that the camaraderie of members pitching in to help peel potatoes, skin vegetables and have fun was the highlight of the day. The kitchen occupied the north part of the Regimental hut and a long counter lined with stools separated it from the main dining area, which contained tables and chairs to seat 100 people.
Bill recalled “One year the shoot was tied between me and Ernie Hartman for the aggregate and darkness was closing in; five more shots were fired to break the tie – no result. Again five more shots, in the fading light were fired – still tied. By this time it was too dark to see the target so – a circle of chalk was drawn on the floor and all members gathered around to watch me and Ernie pitch 5 pennies each and the most pennies in the circle won the shoot. In this case Ernie took it.“
As in 1912 we still have a membership of 28 and invite guests to our annual shoot. However, no more than 25 can attend so guests are limited.
Times have changed the atmosphere of the club but we still maintain fatigues, prepare all meals and reminesce the past. Annual dues are $3.00 per member compared to $2.00 in 1912. To become a member a certain quality of marksmanship is required as well as service to the Regiment. Membership is by invitation only as it was in the beginning and ever shall be.
Are current ideas about what should and shouldn’t bring us happiness just plain wrong? Were people happier in the past? And why are the Danes so happy, anyway?
Archives Select Month March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008
In Quake 2, Jacket Armor absorbs 30% of an attack and gives you 25 armor points, with a max of 50 points. It offers no protection or absorbtion against energy type weapons like BFG, Hyperblaster and Blaster. Jacket Armor is the weakest type of armor in the game, but should be picked up because it gives you protection against conventional weapons even at the slightest. It is Quake 2's equivalent of the Green Armor found in Quake 1.
In single player, Jacket Armor is the most common type of armor in the game until you get out of the Factory hub. Early in the game, it provides good protection against the weak Guards and Enforcers, but it doesn't cut it against Gunners, Gladiators and Tanks.
While the Jacket Armor has a low absorption percent, it will protect you from getting killed by a Railgun in one shot, so grab it as soon as you see it. It's better than nothing. Since it offers no protection against energy weapons, anyone spamming Blaster at you must be avoided.
While in Scotland, our friends James and Imogen, who were getting married, were so entertained by us they wished we walked around with a video camera on our head just to hear our conversations. We’re funny, especially together and to people who aren’t Americans. Unfortunately, we didn’t have a video camera on us (good news, we will have one when we go to Italy this fall).
On the way to the wedding venue, we rode with James while Imogen rode separately. It was a rainy day, gorgeous weather all week long until the day before the wedding, but we had James for company and 80s tunes rocking on the radio. The ride was a blast! James even came up with our band name, SenseAsianal. Of course when Journey came on we had to start singing (alright we sang to everything, poor James) but James wanted the moment documented, possibly for black mail purposes in the future, or just to have a laugh with Imogen. You are so very lucky that the video ends before the chorus. As you can see, I’m not a singer, I’m a karaoke-er which means, I need the words in front of me. Thank goodness my partner in crime was there to pick up the slack! I always say, what I lack in talent, I make up for in enthusiasm. I really need to figure out how to work autotune…
Archives Select Month July 2017 (1) June 2017 (3) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (4) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (5) October 2016 (2) August 2016 (7) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (16) March 2016 (4) February 2015 (5) November 2013 (1) September 2013 (13) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (5) November 2008 (1) April 2008 (3) June 2007 (1) May 2007 (2) July 2006 (17) June 2006 (2)
Enter a location: postcode, town or city, or a place of interest (sports venue, hospital, train station, aiport, tourist attraction, etc).
The monastery is located on a hill within a gorge. There are several hall churches, a large bell-tower and a refectory around the hall church restored in the 12th century. It bears a donor inscription of Sumbat Orbeli of 1154. The drum of the dome is surrounded by an inscription in asomtavruli (majuscule) script along its perimeter. The tombstones are also carved with epitaphs with Georgian inscriptions.
While due care has been taken to ensure that the SA Heritage Places Database accurately reflects the South Australian Heritage Register and listings of Local Heritage Places in Development Plans, the State of South Australia does not accept liability for the use of the SA Heritage Database for any purpose. Users should consult the Department for Environment and Water - Heritage South Australia to confirm the listing of State Heritage Places and the relevant Development Plan for Local Heritage Places/Contributory Items.
In the majority of cases, the maps of State Heritage Places on this web site show the footprints of the most significant structures on a registered Place. However, sometimes they simply indicate the complete area of land comprising the Place. Work is proceeding to further refine the mapping of such places. It is also important to note that development control is not limited to the registered structures but extends to their setting and structures nearby (what is termed ‘development affecting’ a State Heritage Place). Hence it is vital that exact details of the listed place and implications for any proposed development be discussed with Heritage South Australia staff, as they cannot be deduced solely from the information on this web site. The inclusion of a place in the SA Heritage Register gives no right of public access. Permission to visit properties must be sought from the owners. The accuracy of the mapping of State Heritage Places is not guaranteed. Please contact Heritage SA ( https://www.environment.sa.gov.au/topics/heritage/sa-heritage-register) if you believe there is an error.
Older Posts: Jesus thank C2 chord on guitar C sharp major chord guitar Thinking of In my head guitar Popular guitar songs Guitar chord finger chart
Indulge in different therapies surrounded by the healing forces of nature. At the Farm we offer a wide variety of therapies and treatments. Our highly skilled therapists are personally chosen for their experience and special touch.
Ayurveda was developed more than 5000 years ago by highly spiritual beings and means the ‘knowledge of life and longevity’. The aim of all ayurvedic treatments is to bring harmony and re-establish physical, mental and spiritual health. Treatments focus on the cause of problems to give permanent health solutions, rather than combating symptoms. The core of ayurveda is massage using essential oils, natural herbs and plants.
Osteopathic Treatment is a natural hands-on work for the patient’s physical, mental, emotional and spiritual bodies. It is unique in treating the spiritual body where the root cause of most illness is located today. Performed by a trained Osteopath,it is one of the most comprehensive forms of bodywork available. Through their trained sense of touch, Osteopaths can feel the patient’s history of health, illness and physical injury since conception and birth as restrictions or strains in the patient’s body that prevent normal movement . During the treatment, the patient lies fully clothed on a massage table .Prior to treatment a full body analysis is done .A balanced treatment adresses the patients head his organs and the muscolosceletal system. The patient’s body responds by slowly releasing or unwinding the restrictions so that energy and fluids can flow, and their tissues, bones, joints and organs can move and function properly. Osteopathic tratment is very effective for both acute (recent) and chronic (long-standing) medical conditions. It is especially helpful in treating chronic or degenerative medical conditions that modern conventional medicine has difficulty in treating. Almost any illness can be treated as primary or supportive therapy, but people most often receive treatments for headaches, migraines, neck and back pain, sciatica, TMJ syndrome, arthritis or joint pain, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue, learning disorders, stress, anxiety, depression and traumatic injuries and sports injuries.
The style of Osteopathic work we offer here has it s accentuation on first centering the patients body to increase the self healing capacity and health before working on a pathological condition.This new approach in Osteopathy allows the body to integrate the treatment very well.
Lomi Lomi massage technique is one of the oldest and most profound forms of massage. The word Lomi Lomi means “massage therapy” or simply “Hawaiian massage”. It is a unique healing massage derived from the ancient Polynesians and more specifically the master healers of Hawaii.To understand what is Hawaiian Lomi Lomi massage is to have an understanding of the Hawaiian philosophy called Huna, and how the philosophies of Huna relate to bodywork and healing. A fundamental assumption of Huna is that everything seeks harmony and everything seeks love. When harmony is lacking the effect is pain physically, mentally, emotionally or spiritually. Illness is a state of tension, which leads to resistance which blocks energy movement.Hawaiian Lomi Lomi massage helps release this and therefore facilitates the road to healing. On the physical level, through Lomi Lomi stress and tension are relieved, blood and lymph flow assisted and the elimination of wastes and toxins stimullated.
The hands are soft and strong, flowing in a dance, talking and equally listening to the body of the receiver. The strokes are long, sweeping and very slowed down. Interacting in between the Nadis (energetic channels) and the meridians of the body, alternating from a gentle touch to pressure points or to insertion of subtle energies, this massage allows the body to relax and at the same time it is stimulated and revived.
The most beneficial habits should naturally be created first, which is why Ayurveda so passionately advocates massage for everyone, and particularly for infants. New babies need regular massage. Babies in India are massaged for up to a years after they are born, and most traditions of mother and child care for at least 40 days after delivery. Baby massage stimulates the growing immune and nervous systems, and provides critical emotional nourishment. Some modern research suggests that premature infants who receive regular massage gain more weight and thrive more efficiently than do their peers who are not massaged. Oil massage is food for the baby’s skin and nerves. It strengthens the skin, improves its color and texture, and makes it soft and smooth. for massage oil, but almond, olive, sunflower, or coconut oilcan also used, according to climate and availability. What I try to share with this therapy is that it is a very special and sacred moment between mother and baby offering a moment of divine love … plus I also do reiki on babies and use the sound of the bowls.
This entry was posted on April 26, 2017, in जैन भजन and tagged aahaar, akshay, अक्षय, आहार. टिप्पणी दें | Leave a comment
Due to an extrememly generous donation to the scoreboard effort by Bill and Brigid Simpkins, we have secured funding for the new scoreboard for the Majors Field! Also, we'd like to extend our thanks to all who contributed to the fund, that money also made this possible - we are extremely lucky to have a community that cares so much about the league.
As of June 3rd, 2017, the new scoreboard is live and operational. Just in time for the District 39 Minors TOC Tournament!
External links are provided for reference purposes. Live Oak Little League is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.
Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Teen sex videos full of the hottest pornstars. If you're craving teens XXX movies you'll find them. The naked truth about women porn stars. November 28 at am. By Roger Dobson. London - Women porn stars are psychologically as healthy or. Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Lesbian sex videos full of the hottest pornstars. If you're craving femalemusclenetwork XXX.
Honour May eager to please in rare vintage corset sheer black vintage nylons and flashy designer heels stripped off wanking bursting to cum. Skräckhissen som gör succé på nätet - Dagens M Clark 24 days ago Yea but when I wanna see the videos from "watch later" it brings me to the homepage: Thanks for helping us sort this video! Login or sign up to add videos to your collections. This book contains three humorous short stories and one article on men's feelings about nudity vs sexy attire. Thanks for helping us sort this video! Please try again later. Please try again later. Fake Hospital Site Ranking 85 th. Milly is determined that her birthday party is not only going to be memorable, but spectacular!
英文テーマ Current actions and researches in ASJ for outdoor public address system for evacuation from disasters
If you plan to travel to Thailand and want to eat healthy while at sit-in restaurants, read this article…
It’s an urban myth that Thai food is inherently healthy for you. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve heard people talk about how healthy Thai food dishes are just because quite a few of them have fresh vegetables.
Yes, the emphasis on Thai food is to use fresh ingredients. Yes, there’s often a lot of vegetables used in the dishes and an assortment of salads. But many Thai dishes are absolutely loaded with processed sugars, MSG, heavy doses of sodium and artificial flavorings to ‘enhance’ the taste while masking the low-quality cuts of meat used in most of the dishes. More than a few Thai dishes are often starchy carb heavy, one of the big 7 nutritional sins of Paleo. And then there’s the minimal-to-no regulation of steroids and antibiotic usage on farm animals. Yes, that chicken you enjoy eating in Thailand is pumped with more steroids than Ronnie Coleman ever was in his prime.
So no, as a whole the Thai ‘diet’ is not a healthy one. And even more, the regular Thai diet is definitely nowhere near Paleo, with starchy carbs like rice and noodles being the majority source of calories for the average Thai person.
YES, there are still ‘healthy’ Thai food dishes out there (with ‘healthy’ in this case meaning minimally processed with fresh ingredients). And from these ‘healthy’ dishes you can cherry pick some of the more Paleo-friendly dishes of the bunch.
Read why Paleo is such a beneficial diet for keeping healthy, losing weight, and transforming your body
Many of the more healthy dishes are actually from the north and northeastern part of Thailand from a province called Isaan. And the good news is that some of these Isaan dishes are considered the ‘staples’ of the Thai diet meaning you can easily find these dishes at any restaurant.
Keep in mind that while in Thailand, you are going to have to relax your Paleo standards slightly if you don’t want to completely starve here. Yes, you can put together a selection of dishes of veggies (non-starchy carbs), fresh fruits, and protein. However, just be aware that some of the salad dishes and some of the lean protein dishes MAY have sauces and flavorings that would not be considered Paleo back home.
Before we actually look at the more Paleo-friendly dishes, let’s look at some of the problematic ingredients that make up a lot of the Thai food, healthy or not, you’ll find in restaurants and street stalls:
Depending on where you are eating, you can request some of these ingredients not be used by the chef when cooking your food. But it’s a toss up IF the person cooking your food will actually listen. I’ve asked for no MSG on my food plenty of times only to have the chef secretly sprinkle it in there, fearing the dish wouldn’t taste the same.
By far, the biggest issue you may have is with Fish Sauce. Most Thai dishes will have fish sauce. Fish Sauce can be 100% Paleo IF it’s made only from fermented fish. But many of the off-the-shelf brands mix in processed ingredients. You can either relax your Paleo standards slightly while in Thailand or bring your own Paleo-friendly Fish Sauce and hand it to the chefs to use.
If you want to make your meals more healthy and more Paleo-friendly, do the following when ordering your food from a restaurant:
Remove the skin from grilled meats (this saves you from the salt, sugar, and soy sauce that might be in the glaze/marinade)
If you are super picky, give the chef you Paleo-friendly fish sauce brand (Red Boat Fish Sauce) to use when cooking your meal for the fish sauce
Even IF you are don’t follow any of the points above (I mean, we are on vacation), you can probably be 95 percent on track with your Paleo diet just by picking the foods on the list below.
I’ve done my best to provide the Top 16 Best Paleo Thai Food Dishes in Thailand. There are plenty of other dishes that are Paleo friendly that I left off of this list, but these selections are all widely available pretty much at any restaurant and at most street vendors.
Here’s my detailed list of the healthiest dishes I’ve found in the five years of living in Thailand.
What it is: A steamed white fish with a healthy dose of lime dressing poured on top. It’s simple, yet totally delicious — and it’s healthy to boot. The basic ingredients are usually some combination of garlic, chilies, fish sauce, lime juice, and a tiny bit of sugar. Understand though there is a great variation in how this dish is prepared and the ingredients used.
Why you should eat it: steamed fish is a great no-nonsense source of lean protein. The dish can be quite spicy with the chilies so you get a metabolic kick to help burn a few more calories as well as the host of nutritional benefits fresh chilies bring. The dish is low calorie — basically just steamed fish in a light sauce (it can either be boiled/poached in the sauce with water as a sort of saucy broth or just with the sauce poured over it).
How Paleo is Pla Nueng Manao: Very much Paleo — lean protein, no carbs, and fresh ingredients. You may have to be wary of the sugar added in and the fish sauce (which may have some processed ingredients), but again this is an issue you will have anywhere with any dish in Thailand. You can request no sugar to be added, but be warned this will change up the mixture of flavors. You do kind of want the sweet to balance out the spicy and sour.
Local Eating Tip: This dish can change up quite a bit depending on where you get it. I’ve had versions of this which are like a soup — the fish is poached in a sort of thin bubbling saucy broth and served to you in a heated container. This is my favorite version as it’s more of a sort of soup with a whole fish sticking out of it. I think this version tastes the best and it’s not (as sweet) as the other method. The other way I’ve seen this dish done is the actual steamed fish is served on a plate fairly swimming in a thin spicy-sweet-sour sauce. This dish can be spicy with all the fresh chilies; ask for no spice if you can’t handle it (say mai pet). The dish is usually pretty big and with a non-starchy carb side dish, can make up your complete meal. It’s often even big enough for 2-4 people to share (with other dishes ordered).
Raw shrimp with lime juice and fish sauce poured over. If you are a fan of sashimi (or Mexican ceviche) this dish is perfect for you. Even if you are not, it’s still pretty damn tasty, if slightly expensive.
What it is: raw shrimp lightly marinated with lime juice, fish sauce, and fragrant Thai herbs served garnished with a few light greens (cucumbers or seaweed) and chilies.
Why you should eat it: raw shrimp and fresh Thai herbs? A good kick of spicy fresh protein with little other than just fresh herbs added in.
Paleo and Gung Chae Nam Pla: Paleo friendly on all regards, which only the fish sauce possibly containing some additives, brand depending. You are getting a good source of protein here, some vitamins and minerals from the herbs and seaweed (if it includes seaweed) and chilies. There is pretty much no carbs to this dish, however.
Local eating tip: this dish is only found at restaurants and tends to be more on the expensive side. Eat this as an occasional treat, but don’t expect to find it at cheap street stalls!
What it is: you haven’t had Thai food until you try this. It’s awesome, low calorie and it’s a good source of Paleo-friendly carbs. I’ve mentioned this dish extensively on all my Healthy Thai food articles.
What is it: The sweetness of a fruit salad with the spicy sour heat of lime juice, fish sauce, and chili peppers. You’ve never tried a fruit salad like this before.
Why you should eat it: A nice way to carb up with some non-starchy fruits. And it’s bloody delicious. You’ve never tried a fruit salad like Som Tam Ponlamai.
How Paleo is Som Tam Ponlamai? Paleo friendly. Just be careful that some sugar may be used in the sauce and there may be peanuts.
A virtual buffet of fresh Thai vegetables, herbs, and meats in a Do-It-Yourself clay hot pot. Make sure you go hungry as hell!
What it is: Jim Jum is the street side Thai version of the Asian ‘Hot Pot’ experience, something that anyone who’s ever been to Asia will be very familiar with. You are usually given various Thai vegetables and herbs to add to boiling clay pot of broth (usually chicken or pork stock). You then order selections of meat you that you ‘cook’ for a couple minutes in the pot then fish out with chopsticks then dip into various sauces before eating. The broth in the Hot Pot becomes more favorable with time as you add more ingredients to it.
Why you should eat it: Jim Jum is the quintessential Asian social eating experience. Bring a few friends and have a blast stuffing yourselves silly. The quality of the ingredients and soups can vary dramatically depending on where you go. It’s best to get a local recommendation for the best hot pots restaurants. Jim Jum can also be a pretty healthy meal — high in protein and low in starchy carbs (if you avoid the noodles and use only veggies).
How Paleo is Jim Jum: This dish is Paleo friendly. Many hot pot restaurants will furnish you with noodles to add to your soup and sauces to dip your cooked meat in. If you ONLY stick to veggies, however, and avoid dipping the meat in the sauce dips (the sauces definitely have additives, sugar, and Paleo-unfriendly stuff in them), Jim Jum is Paleo. The broth stock quality can vary, but it’s usually pretty basic itself without processed ingredients. You should ask for no MSG, though, just to be sure.
Local eating tips: Jim Jum is usually a communal dish. So make sure your friends are in line with your Paleo expectations, otherwise people will likely dump noodles and the starchy carb items into the bowl. Some restaurant chains in malls in Thailand do offer individual hot pots with all you can eat for about $350 baht (10 USD), though these are not clay hot pots.
Thai stir fried veggies. You can order the garden variety veggies or a specific type of veggie. If you are eating Paleo, Pad Pak dishes will make up the majority of your carb intake.
What it is: Pad Pak is just the generic term for stir fried veggies (also known as Pad Pak Ruam Mit). You can opt for the usual corn, carrots, cauliflower, bell peppers, and corn OR you can order a more specialized dish that features a single type of veggie, like morning glory, eggplant, or bitter melon.
Here are some of the more popular types of vegetable stir fries. These are all dense green veggies so you’ll get the most nutrition from the following:
Why you should eat it: If you are eating Paleo, Pad Pak dishes will likely make up the bulk of your carb intake.
How Paleo is Pad Pak: Broadly Paleo. However, Thai chefs, depending on where you order this dish, may try and add MSG, soy sauce, palm sugar, oyster sauce to the stir fry. If you want to make this dish more Paleo friendly, you’ll have to ask for NO MSG, no sugar, and for the chefs to substitute fish sauce in for the oyster sauce or soy sauce.
What it is: A simple seafood dish: fresh jumbo prawns grilled over a charcoal fire, rubbed with salt. The heads are not removed which locks in the flavor and juices.
Why you should eat it: There’s nothing processed about this, just juicy prawn tossed onto a grill with salt. A great source of protein and a nice treat to boot. Keep in mind this is more of an expensive treat, so if you are looking to save money by eating only street food, this is not the dish you are looking for.
How Paleo is Goong Pao: It’s Paleo. If you are trying to keep your salt intake down, you can request no salt or little salt.
Local Eating Tips: Sometimes this dish may have sauces added to the grilled prawns, so not all Goon Pao is the same.
What it is: chicken stir fried with fresh Thai herbs, basil, and red curry paste. This dish can have quite a nice kick from the chili paste and fresh chilies added.
Why you should eat it: it’s widely available pretty much everywhere, it’s cheap, and it’s a good source of protein. It’s also pretty simple fare with only a handful of ingredients used.
How Paleo is Gai Pad Prik Gaeng: Broadly Paleo. There may be some sugar added and some oyster sauce / soy sauce depending. You can request these ingredients to be withheld, however, and substitute the more healthy fish sauce instead. This dish is a good source of protein (especially if higher quality cuts of meat like Chicken breasts are used) and low carb.
Local Eating Tips: Cheaper eats will likely use chicken thighs instead of chicken breasts. Be aware of MSG and other processed ingredients being tossed in.
One of the more unique tasting Issan dishes in Thailand, you can find this at most restaurants. Laarb is also one of the healthiest dishes you’ll find with a good amount of protein and plenty of wholesome fresh ingredients added. It’s a simple dish with simple ingredients but powerfully delicious and once you taste it, you won’t forget that taste!
What it is: Laarb Gai is a mash-up of ground chicken, ground sesame seeds, lime juice, mint, shallots, cilantro, fish sauce, and chilies. Of course, the recipe might vary depending on the region and restaurant, so don’t expect all Laarb Gia to taste the same.
Why you should eat it: A nice dose of protein from the ground chicken and a wholesome assortment of fresh ingredients packed with vitamins and minerals — lime, sesame seeds, garlic, shallots, and a healthy dose of chilies — you can’t go wrong with this dish. It’s mostly protein with almost no carbs, this is a Paleo friendly dish.
How paleo is laarb gai: Laarb Gai is very Paleo friendly, with high protein, low carb, and fresh herbs and vegetables. Your only issue will be the fish sauce, which may include some processed elements, depending on the brand of fish sauce used. However, this is a problem you will run into with pretty much every Thai food dished that uses fish sauce; fish sauce aside, you can’t get more Paleo friendly in Thailand than Laarb Gai. Local Eating Tips: You can substitute other meats instead of chicken. A popular alternative is Laarb Moo which is Minced Pork Salad. The pork adds a very different flavor.
A minty tasting pork salad that’s fragrantly delicious. It has a very distinct taste — once you try it, you’ll love it. This dish hails from the Isaan region of Thailand, which often some of the healthiest, freshest and most fragrant of all the Thai dishes.
What it is: This dish is literally translated as ‘waterfall’ which refers to the juice dripping from a steak while cooking. With a name like that, how can you go wrong?
The dish is absolutely packed with Thai flavors. The salad is basically grilled meat without a marinade, cutting and seasoning it then mixing it into a salad. Traditionally, the dish comes with pork (Nam Tok Moo), but you can get it with chicken (Nam Tak Gai) or even beef. It has elements of Laarb as both use mint leaves, cilantro, and roasted sesame seeds in the ingredient, but Nam Tok has a distinct flavor.
Why you should eat it: besides being about the best damn tasting meaty salad you’ll ever eat, it’s packed with (flavorfull) pprotein from the grilled meat. Unlike some of the other salads with meat mixed in, Nam Tok includes a healthy amount of lean meat — enough to get your protein level for a meal. The ingredients are usually Thai chilies, mint leaves, garlic, shallots, coriander, cilantro, dried/roasted sesame seeds, lime juice, tamarind sauce and fish sauce.
Paleo and Nam Tok: This dish is very paleo friendly. It is heavy in lean grilled protein and includes plenty of fresh fragrant herbs mixed in. Sometimes the dish may come with a side of fresh Thai whole veggies sliced up, so you get a good mix of protein and non-starchy carbs in a single meal. On its own, though, Nam Tok is mostly protein and low carb. Potential issues could be if you are avoiding rice and toasted rice grains are used INSTEAD of sesame seeds. And of course, the every problematic use of non-Paleo Fish Sauce. However, overall it’s pretty damn Paleo. If you make this at home you can make it 100% percent Paleo.
Local eating tip: Nam Tok goes very well with some carbs. It’s great on rice, though if you are completely Paleo, you won’t eat rice. You can switch up the type of meat from Pork to Chicken to Beef. The pork flavor tastes the best, but do try different meats as each type of meat will add a different flavor. The dish also tastes very different depending on where you eat it, so sample different restaurants!
A wonderful dish that’s high in protein with a good amount of (non starchy) carbs. Perfect if you are looking for a full Paleo meal. This is one of my favorite dishes.
What it is: a blend of beef strips with onions, shallots, lime juice, and chili peppers and fish sauce.
Why You Should Eat It: Can you see lean protein with a medley of fresh herbs and veggies? The actual veggies portions are somewhat small however, usually a tomato, some cucumbers, and chilies. However, there is a decent amount of protein in this dish — a great way to supplement your meal’s protein.
How Paleo is It? Like most of the dishes, it’s Paleo friendly, especially if it’s prepared right. Note that SOME chefs will add in sugar (likely processed sugar) so you might want to ask for NO sugar when the dish is being prepared. And like all other Thai dishes with fish sauce (which is most of them), the fish sauce is probably the cheaper variety which may have unwanted additives.
Local Eating Tip: Ask for NO sugar to be added to your dish, as some chefs will put sugar in the recipe. The dish is mostly protein — the veggies that are in the dish are small so you won’t be getting a substantial amount of carbs. You’ll need more than just this dish to fill you up!
What it is: A fresh seafood salad garnished with lettuce leaves, lime juice, fish sauce, fresh or dried chilies, and herbs. The seafood is usually a steamed mixture of squid and shrimps or fish/crab. This dish can be pretty hot, so make sure you tell the server you don’t want spicy at all (mai phet) when you order or just a little spicy (phet nit noi). You can eat this as a stand alone or as an appetizer.
Paleo and Yam Talay: You’ve got the fresh protein and non-starchy carbs. There may be some sugar added, depending (I’ve usually found Yam Talay to be sweet tasting), and there may be fish sauced with processed ingredients. You can ask for no sugar to be added, but the flavors will change substantially. As for the fish sauce, you may just have to live with it, or bring your own Paleo-friendly version and give it to the server to use instead.
Local Eating Tip: This can make a great side dish, but it’s not enough to fill you up. You may get a decent amount of protein, but I’d order another protein-heavy dish and another non-starchy carb dish to get more carbs and protein in for your meal.
What it is: Similar to Yum Nuea (Spicy Beef Salad), this is a slightly different take on it with grilled pork instead of thinly sliced, partially rare beef. Moo Yang, in Thai, means grilled pork while Khor means neck. Yam is salad. So roughly translated this is a grilled pork neck tossed salad. The tender meat goes perfectly with the fire of the chilies and sourness of the lemon juice. This is low carb and high protein!
Why you should eat it: this is a healthy, fresh meat salad with a unique taste — it’s not the same as Nam Tok nor is it the same as Yum Nuea. Give it a try.
You might see this vegetable dish at some local restaurants. It’s cheap and offers pretty much the perfect Paleo combination of raw whole veggies with grilled whole mackerel fish on the side. Protein and non-starchy carbs! Be warned though, the fish paste dip given with the Nam Phrik is some powerful stuff, both in taste and smell — you’ll either like it a lot or absolutely detest it.
What it is: This dish is basically a vegetable salad with grilled fish on the side with carrots, corn, cucumbers, and Thailand-specific vegetables sliced up with a spicy chili fish-paste sauce to dip them in.
Why you should eat it: Fresh uncooked veggies, grilled fish, chili paste dip? A great source of micronutrients, non-starchy carbs, and lean protein. This is the BEST single Thai dish out there for pure green veggies.
How Paleo is Nam Prik Pla Tu: Paleo with the only issue being the chili paste dip which MAY contain fish sauce (which sometimes is not Paleo as there are processed additives added to the cheap ones) and palm oil. However, this is easily rectified by NOT eating the chili paste dip sauce that comes with the Nam Prik Pla Tu dish.
Local eating tip: You can get this dish WITHOUT the fish side by just asking for Nam Prik. I’ve found the chili paste dip is quite a bit different depending on where you get it. On a whole, though, the chili paste is pretty pungent and sometimes smelly — it can also be hot as hell too. It’s usually made from fermented shrimp mixed with fish sauce and chilies. Most westerners probably won’t like the taste of it, but give it a try. Avoiding the dip will also keep your dish completely Paleo since you won’t run the risk of having processed additives, which MAY be mixed in with the sauce, depending.
Gang Jued gets a lot less publicity than the more well-known Thai soup dishes like Tom Yum Gong but if you want something that’s both light and fairly healthy, Gang Jued does the trick. This is the Thai version of ‘mom’s sick soup’ and it’s often given to people who are in bed sick.
What it is: a delicious and fragrant soup that’s brothy with a healthy dose of fresh Thai herbs; particularly the fresh Thai coriander stands out in the taste. The soup is usually meat-based and includes Chinese cabbage and seaweed. This is a hearty soup that you’ll just fall in love with.
How Paleo is Gang Jued : a meat-based broth with pungent Thai herbs, tofu, and cabbage. Overall, very healthy. Again, like all Thai dishes, there is always the risk of some type of MSG being added — so make sure you ask for the NO MSG version, if possible. This soup is definitely low carb.
The ultra famous Thai soup, known throughout the world. This soup is the poster boy for Thai cuisine with the rich herbal flavors combining the sourness of lemon juice with the heat of the Thai chilies. If you haven’t tried Tom Yum Goong, you haven’t really tried Thai food yet.
What it is: hot and sour soup with a number of different variations on the dish. You can get it village style with just the basic broth and Thai herbs or you can get more elaborate versions with coconut milk, tamarind sauce, or milk mixed in). We recommend the broth sans coconut milk for the more healthy, less calorific version. Typically, you’ll find a whole whack of fragrant herbs thrown in like ginger, mushrooms, lemongrass, Thai chilies, garlic, and cilantro. The typical Tom Yum comes with Prawns (Tom Yum Goong), but you can get it with chicken (Tom Yum Gai), fish (Tom Yum pla) or even pork (Tom Yum Moo).
Why you should eat it: comes with more nutrients than you can shake a stick at, and if you opt for the NON-coconut milk version, it’s low calorie. There’s a lot of to love about this soup, especially the fact it’s both healthy and it tastes amazing; there’s even some ongoing scientific studies being done on the health benefits of Tom Yum. There is often a decent amount of protein in the soup as well from the prawns, chicken, or fish. The amount of protein can vary of course. I’ve had Tom Yam Goong with less than 5 prawns and I’ve had it with more than a dozen.
How is Paleo is Tom Yam? Depending on where you get it, Tom Yam can be very Paleo. You just have to make sure no MSG and no sugar is added. Sugar is sometimes added to Tom Yam to add the sweetness, especially if you don’t have coconut milk mixed in. Keep in mind though that if you don’t have MSG or Coconut Milk added in, you may not like the flavor as it’s quite a bit more basic tasting. Just saying…
Local eating tips: By far the most famous version is the prawn version (Tom Yum Goon). But you can substitute for other meats if you ask. I personally like the fish version (Tom Yum Pla). Tom Yum also combines well with coconut milk with that version of Tom Yum called Tom Yam Kah. The coconut version is generally much tastier but at the cost of a lot more calories. If you don’t mind the calories, I recommend that version.
Nutritional Profile: 2 full cups (about a bowl) about 200 calories and 25 grams of protein, assuming NO COCONUT OR MILK added. Double the calories at least if you add coconut milk.
What it is: fragrant Thai herbs and veggies soft boiled to perfection. If you are looking for something light Kaeng Liang is a wonderfully tasty dish. It also functions well as a sick soup. This dish can be pretty spicy, so beware.
Why you should eat it: Low calorie, low carb, no meat, and packed with nutritionally dense vegetables and Thai herbs. There are often prawns added to this dish, so it’s probably not strictly vegetarian unless you eat it at a vegetarian-only eatery.
Southern Thai food at it’s best: A sweet and sour fish soup that’s loaded with ginger. This delectable dish has it’s own taste, completely distinct from Tom Yum
What it is: a hearty blend of Thai herbs, fish, sweet, sour, and hot. The sourness originates from the Tamarind
Why you should eat it: If your experience with Thai soups is only of Tom Yum and local street cart soups, then give this Southern Thai dish a slurp. The wonderful sourness of the Tamarind is balanced perfectly by the slight sweetness of the sugar and spiciness of the chili. The fragrance of the coriander, crushed pepper, and cloves help kick up the flavor profile. This is a healthy Thai soup that’s high on the protein and low on the carbs and salts, with minimally processed ingredients added.
How Paleo is Tom Som Pla Kra Bork: Overall, it’s pretty Paleo, with the only issues being the palm sugar added to the soup to give the sweetness. Like all Thai soups, you will have to request no MSG as Thai chefs love tossing that in to increase the flavor profile.
Local Eating Tips: This soup usually comes with a half or whole fish included, rather than being sold by the bowl. The fish is usually white fish. You can if you want to bring a fresh fish and have the restaurant cook this dish with your fish. White or red snapper works well.
A Chinese-inspired Thai soup with soft vegetables in a chicken or pork base. The meat and veggies are so soft they melt in your mouth
What it is: A succulent combination of tomatoes, onions, cabbage, various Thai greens. The veggies are boiled for hours, often in a pork or chicken base, until they fall to pieces at a touch. The result is a delicious soup with an assortment of Thai flavors. Overall, Tom Jab Chai is softer tasting than some of the other Thai soups. It’s referred to as ‘Chinese soup’ because the veggies used are often of Chinese origin.
Why you should eat it: veggies and meat in a soup, this is low calorie and low carb, but also tastes pretty damn good to boot. If you want a change from some of the more standard Thai soups, Tom Jab Chai will clean out your palate with something fresh tasting.
How Paleo is Tom Jab Chai: Meat and veggies are good. But be careful about and MSG as Thai soups tend to be loaded with them. The soup may also have soy sauce, fish sauce, and palm sugar. If you are in a Thai restaurant, you can request all these elements be left out to make sure the dish is completely Paleo.
Local eating tips: This soup can be completely vegetable based, making it friendly to vegetarians. Or it can be meat based, with the soup stock made from pork belly.
Curries are a staple of the Thai diet and arguably the flagship food that represents Thai cuisine. Think ‘Thai food’ and the rich, sumptuous curries usually come to mind. Done right, curries can be a healthy (and Paleo friendly) addition to your diet. Some curries, however, are more healthy than other curries.
There are a number of different styles of curries you’ll find in Thailand. Red, Yellow, and Green curry are different because of the type of chilies used and type of chili past. Massaman curry is the richest tasting of the bunch but at the cost of a ton of calories. Penang is another style of curry from Malaysia but eaten in southern Thailand. It’s drier than the other curries and less calorific. All these curries sans the Penang curry have coconut milk added, which makes them heavy on the calories. Mind you, there are dozens of curries in Thailand, so I’m only touching on them here.
If you want lower calorie curries with less sugar and potentially processed additives added, opt for Jungle Curries, which are basically home-style curries with NO coconut or dairy added and usually so hot the devil himself would cry. Jungle Curries are the simplest in terms of ingredients and by far the most ‘Paleo’ of the bunch. You can opt to try the southern Thai Dry Curry specialty, which is basically dry curry paste with ground pork, chicken or beef that really soaks in the flavor from the curry. It’s a southern Thai specialty and probably a curry you’ve never tried before. Remedy that! It’s my favorite curry and extremely flavorful.
Generally, curries are broadly Paleo but have a few strikes against them when it comes to being pure Paleo, usually in the form of additives.
Most curries, especially local style curries from cheap restaurants or street vendors, use O6 vegetable oil rather than Paleo-friendly unprocessed oil.
You can make your curry order more Paleo by manually telling the server you don’t want MSG or soy sauce or peanuts. The Thai chefs may or may not listen to you. If you opt to make your own curries, you can control the ingredients and easily make any Thai curry 100% Paleo.
IF you want the healthiest curry options, we recommend you go with Gaeng Pah Curries, which are often called ‘Jungle Curries’ — these types of curries do not include dairy, creme, or coconut milk. They often lack the sweetness of the other curries. But hands down they are the healthiest type of curry and the lowest calorie option too.
This list, of course, only touches the tip of Thai cuisine. There’s plenty of other Thai food dishes that are healthy and Paleo. I’ve picked out some of the more well known, more easy to find Restaurant dishes. So use this as a base healthy Paleo-Friendly Thai food guide, but don’t be afraid try new things. Thailand is a big place and there are a LOT of local dishes. If you take control of how the chef cooks your food, you can make a lot of ‘normal’ Thai food dishes Paleo friendly. If there is one region that generally has the healthiest, more Paleo friendly food, that would be Issan food. So if you are trying for a Paleo diet or you want to eat lower calorie meals with lower carbs and more protein, try eating at Isaan restaurants and ordering Isaan food.
I’ve excluded some other dishes that have made some of my other ‘Healthy Thai Food’ lists because I’ve already written about them and I’m just too damn lazy to write any more on the subject of healthy Thai food (give a man a break, this is almost 7000 words!).
Ben has been living, training, and fighting in Thailand for the past 5 years. He has competed in MMA, BJJ, Muay Thai, and Western Boxing matches.Since 2011, Ben has been fighting Muay Thai & Western Boxing in Thailand.Ben follows the latest fitness and nutrition research and is especially interested in how it can apply to combat sports to improve a fighter's performance in the ring.You can read Ben's full bio page here.
The Thai Food Dishes are very amazing especially a Chinese-inspired Thai soup with soft vegetables in a chicken. I love it. good job and thanks.
Incredibly helpful with my transition to Paleo, as 80% of my dishes over the first few days has been som-tam.
Great post and recommendation Ben! thank you 🙂 now i look forward to eating a bit leaner without having to compromise the taste.. Thai food seem like the way to go!
This article is from Journal of Korean Medical Science, volume 29.AbstractUmbilical cord blood UCB-derived mesenchymal stem cells MSCs have been introduced as a possible therapy in acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS. This case history is reported of a 59-yr-old man who was treated with MSCs in the course of ARDS and subsequent pulmonary fibrosis. He received a long period of mechanical ventilation and weaning proved difficult. On hospital day 114, he underwent the intratracheal administration of UCB-derived MSCs at a dose of 1 × 106-kg. After cell infusion, an immediate improvement was shown in his mental status, his lung compliance from 22.7 mL-cmH2O to 27.9 mL-cmH2O, PaO2-FiO2 ratio from 191 mmHg to 334 mmHg and his chest radiography over the course of three days. Even though he finally died of repeated pulmonary infection, our current findings suggest the possibility of using MSCs therapy in an ARDS patient. It is the first clinical case of UCB-derived MSCs therapy ever reported.
A CRC value can be used to check the integrity of a file you have downloaded. By assuring that the CRC check value shown here matches the CRC check value for the file in question, you will reduce the possibility of attempting to install a damaged archive to about one in 4,294,964,296 — odds even longer than those of winning most state-run lotteries.
You must have the Alchemy Mindworks CRC software installed on your system to perform this check. Please visit the CRC page to download the CRC software if you do not currently have it. It's small, free and a valuable asset to make sure that your Alchemy Mindworks software has not been damaged in transit.
When you feel like your personal life is “in order,” you are a better administrative professional. When you feel like you had a productive day at the office, it flows over to your home life and personal relationships. The extent to which you are healthy and care about wellness is the extent to which you will have more energy at work.
Our lives are richly textured when all the pieces of life are woven together. What degree of richness might emerge if you boldly wove exceptional leadership characteristics into the areas of life that concern you most?
The most important person you can lead is yourself. Interestingly, when you lead yourself in the 5 Pillars of Life (Career, Family, Financial, Spiritual and Wellness), you have a ripple effect on others and the world.
Career: Imagine if you move through your work day with a positive attitude and “can-do spirit”, even when you are having a tough day. Co-workers, executives and visitors will notice.
Family: Family includes best friends and pets. If you nurture family time, extended family members will follow. Your friends will notice the bond you have with each other and will want that connection for their family.
Financial: If you pay off debt, save for your future, and manage your money, your life will be less frazzled. You will be able to ride the wave of economic changes.
Spiritual: If you lead yourself spiritually—meaning you lead with your inner source—the real you, you will be more fulfilled. This energizes you and others will notice.
Wellness: If you ride a bike, walk, or jog in your neighborhood on a regular basis, your neighbors will see you and some will be inspired to do the same. You will bring vitality to work and home.
View top speakers and world-renowned administrative expert, Joan Burge! You will be able to view 10 videos any time you choose and as many times as you like until sessions expire (all sessions below expire December 31, 2015). REGISTER TODAY!
Keep your receipts, deposit slips, keys and other important business items safe in this under-counter depository safe. Equipped with a dual keylock and bolt-down hardware to help prevent unwanted access, this safe is the ideal storage solution for your business needs. Dual keylock requires both keys to access unit for added security. Anti-fish hopper prevents cash and deposits from being stolen with extendable tools or hooked wires. Solid steel construction provides durable, reliable protection. Bolt-down hardware ensures thieves cannot easily remove the safe from your home or office. Interior size is 5-4/5" wide x 10-1/2" deep x 6-1/2" high. Capacity is 0.23 cubic feet.
Why is it so important for an office to be comfortable? Who wants to work in an office that is drab or uninviting? If a workspace feels cold or is cold, employees will certainly not be up to their best work and clients will wonder what they are doing there. Nobody wants to sit in a cold waiting room or a congested space that makes them feel like they are in a basement. Fortunately there are plenty of things one can do to spruce up an office often without spending much. Just cleaning can do wonders. Reorganizing your furniture might also not be a bad idea. When all else fails, it is time to call in the pros. Haskell has three generations of experience and knows how to optimize office spaces. Just call TOLL FREE at (877) 767-9669 (9-5 EST) or email us and we will be glad to assist you.
Category AllAdultAnimalsBusinessCarsCartoonsCelebritiesChristmasDrugsEasterEffectsEmojisFantasyFashionFather's DayFood/DrinkFurnitureGamingHipHopHalloweenHouseholdIconsIndependence DayJewelryLove/ValentinesKidsLogosMother's DayMovies/TVMusic InstrumentsNatureOtherPeoplePlacesPoliticsSaint Patrick's DaySignsSportsSymbolsTechnologyThanksgivingVehiclesWeapons
London’s longest-running Eurovision night takes place on the second Thursday of every month. Join your hosts Peter & Paul for a night of Eurovision music and dancing – plus of course the all important video vote. Free entry!
1 All information provided by members will be kept strictly confidential to comply with the Data Protection Act (DPA) 2018.
3 Members who joined between 1 June 2018 and 30 September 2018 are welcome to apply and will be placed on a waiting list. In the unlikely event that any tickets remain once they have all been allocated to members in the primary ballot, a secondary ballot will be held.
5 All current members who wish to enter the ballot process must renew their membership by 30 November 2018. If this requirement is not met, we reserve the right to withdraw the member from the ballot process.
7 For the purposes of this document ‘fan tickets’ are defined as tickets purchased from the allocation made available to OGAE International, and not tickets purchased in the public sale.
8 Any fan tickets offered to OGAE UK by OGAE International will be allocated to applicants in the order determined by the ballots.
9 ONE fan ticket package will be reserved for each OGAE UK Committee member regardless of the ballot. If the Committee member does not accept the package, it will be made available for the ballot.
10 Fan tickets will first be allocated in accordance with the result of the primary ballot which includes all applicants who have been continual OGAE UK members since before 1 June 2018.
11 Any remaining fan tickets will then be made available for those on the waiting list which includes members who joined or re-joined on or after 1 June 2018. This includes those members who were added as a joint member to an existing member on or after 1 June 2018. A secondary ballot to determine allocation of the remaining tickets will only take place should this situation arise.
12 We cannot guarantee how many seated and/or standing packages will be offered. OGAE UK are usually allocated a limited number of seated packages and preference will be given to those who provide medical reasons at the time of application. Any remaining seated packages will be allocated in draw order to those who request seated packages.
13 Any ballot applications received after 11.59pm GMT on 31 October 2018 will be deemed invalid and unable to take part in the ballot process.
14 Members who belong to more than one branch of OGAE may only apply for fan tickets through their primary club. Multiple applications will result in disqualification from the ballot process. OGAE International will check to ensure duplicate applications are not made.
15 Ballot applicants must be in possession of an OGAE International membership card at the time of the contest.
17 Any member who is successful in the ballot and is offered fan tickets but then fails to make the relevant purchase may be disbarred from all OGAE UK ticketing processes for the next two years. This will be decided on a case by case basis by the OGAE UK Committee, and the member will be notified of any action if any, is to be taken.
18 Entry into the ballot does not guarantee that the host broadcaster will offer any tickets or that everyone requesting entry to the ballot will be successful.
20 OGAE fan tickets or ticket packages may only be used by current OGAE members and cannot be split among others or used by non-OGAE members..
21 Any member who passes on or sells fan tickets without the prior agreement of the OGAE UK Ticket Coordinator may be disbarred from participating in future OGAE UK ticketing processes and be liable to have their membership terminated.
22 OGAE UK will aim to carry out the primary ballot at our Annual General Meeting on 24 November 2018 overseen by the OGAE UK Ticket Coordinator and an independent scruitneer. We may have to move this date forward if required by the EBU/OGAE International. We will advise members via email if this is the case.
24 The method of communication will be by e-mail. Applicants are responsible for ensuring that their e-mail address is current and that their e-mail account is able to accept messages from OGAE UK.
25 OGAE UK will not be responsible for e-mails going into spam folders or for e-mails which are unread. It is the responsibility of applicants to check their e-mail account on a regular basis.
26 It is the responsibility of the individual applicants to keep OGAE UK informed of any changes relating to telephone numbers and e-mail addresses. Changes should be sent to tickets@ogae.uk and clearly indicate that they relate to the fan ticket ballot.
27 Any member who is likely to be away from home at the time fan tickets requests need to be finalised must ensure that it is possible to access their e-mail so that any offer and allocation can be confirmed immediately.
28 Arrangements for the actual purchase of fan tickets by successful applicants are determined by the host organiser and are outside the control of OGAE UK.
29 OGAE UK will not be responsible for any fan tickets that are lost or defaced, cancelled or withdrawn at any time, or for refusal of admittance to any of the shows by the organisers.
30 OGAE UK will not be responsible for any changes made by the host broadcaster after the issue and allocation of the fan tickets up to and including the time of broadcast, or for any obstructed or restricted viewing in the arena caused by the demands of a live television show.
31 OGAE UK cannot and will not be held responsible for any financial losses under any circumstances, including but not exhaustive of flights, hotels, visa and other travel related costs.
32 OGAE UK reserves the right to modify or add to these terms and conditions without notice. Any such changes will be notified as soon as possible to those members entering the ticket ballots.
Many members are new to the OGAE fan ticket process and so this document serves to provide some background information and advice on how the process usually works. It must be emphasised that firm details have not yet been published so these notes are for guidance only.
As previously communicated, any ticket packages that OGAE UK is offered will be allocated to eligible members in an order determined by a ballot process. In this way the allocation is as fair as possible.
Please be aware that there is never any guarantee that OGAE will be allocated ticket packages, We are trying to secure the largest possible allocation from the organisers and OGAE International. As of yet we do not know how many – if any – ticket packages will be made available to OGAE International, and so it is impossible to give an estimate of how many we may receive. Similarly, we are unable to confirm whether the fan packages will be for standing or sitting places.
All OGAE UK members (with the exception of honorary members) up until the time of the opening of the ballot are welcome to apply for tickets.
If there are still any remaining tickets available then a secondary ballot will be held for those members who joined after 1 June 2018. Realistically it is unlikely that there would be enough tickets available for the secondary ballot, however people in this category are still welcome to apply.
Members may only request ONE fan package for their own personal use. You cannot request/buy for other people. If you have friends who wish to join you, they must be eligible for the OGAE UK ballot and enter the ballot in their own right.
There will be ONE initial ballot for all active members as of 31 May 2018. If there are tickets/packages remaining then a second ballot will take place for people who joined on or after 1 June 2018.
Any eligible members who apply for tickets after the ballot deadline will be placed on a waiting list and will be allocated tickets in the order in which they applied if and when any become available after all ballot participant requests have been met.
As in previous years, members will have an opportunity to nominate a second individual with whom to be paired for the purposes of the ballot. This is in no way compulsory, but allows joint members or friends who travel together to be treated as one unit for the purposes of the ballots, thus giving them a little more certainty when making their travel plans. Both applicants MUST be current members of OGAE UK and be eligible for the initial ballot, ie both must have been active members as of 31 May 2018. Applying as a pair does not guarantee that you will be sitting together or placed in the same section, however every effort will be made to place you together. Seating and section plans will be confirmed at a later date.
If you apply with someone who is not eligible for the initial ballot, you will both be automatically placed on the waiting list for the secondary ballot.
Anyone entering the ballot process must make sure they are in possession of an electronic OGAE membership card at the time of the contest. We are in the process of retiring the current membership card system and details of the new system for electronic cards will follow in due course.
We have not yet received any details of the fan tickets that may be made available to OGAE in 2019. It is entirely up to the organisers to decide what (if anything) they will offer us. Historically, OGAE has been offered fan packages consisting of a ticket for each of the live shows, each of the ‘jury finals’ and, on occasion, we have also had access to some the rehearsals. In 2018, as in previous years fan packages consisted of tickets to 6 separate shows on each of the days during Eurovision week.
The ticket packages are usually priced at around £300-400, However, this price may fluctuate and indeed was higher in 2018 than previous years. The package price often represents a considerable discount over buying the tickets individually. As a result, the packages cannot be split, ie you CANNOT purchase tickets for the semi finals or finals only, and unwanted tickets must NOT be sold and should only be passed on to other members with the agreement of OGAE. It is important that we comply with these requirements as we need to respect the good value and privileged status represented by the fan ticket packages.
As a result of the nature of the fan packages, they may not be the best option for members who only plan to attend the Grand Final on the Saturday evening. In recent years, some members have sold on tickets that they did not wish to use. This is strictly prohibited but has, to a degree, been tolerated in the past, so long as tickets went to other club members and OGAE was advised. However, there were a number of unpleasant incidents and complaints in the past few years resulting from tickets that had been sold on. As a result, we intend to enforce the rules more rigidly, and for 2019, any member who contravenes the fan ticket rules by selling or passing on tickets without OGAE UK’s express agreement, may be suspended from OGAE UK ticketing for the next two years.
If you are unable to attend ALL the live shows, it is recommended that you purchase your tickets in the public sale. Details of this will be announced on the official Eurovision website in due course (www.eurovision.tv), but as yet, no concrete details have been announced on dates or pricing.
In recent years, the floor of the arena has been designated as a standing zone. The majority of our tickets have allocated in the standing zone. In previous OGAE also receive a smaller seated allocation. Members who are unable to stand for long periods of time due to medical conditions are given priority for these tickets, but we are unable to guarantee this, as the numbers allocated are always insufficient to meet demand.
We do not yet know whether OGAE tickets will be for standing or sitting places. OGAE International will attempt to secure the best possible mix of standing and seating ticket packages. We will address this issue as and when we receive additional information. In previous years, the demand for seated tickets has been greater than our allocation.
Due to this, seated packages will be offered first to people with a genuine medical requirement, and we may have to ask people to provide a relevant doctor’s note to support their request. Any information sent to us will be kept strictly confidential.
If you do not have a medical reason for requiring a seated package, you can still request one. We will do our best to meet people’s preferences but cannot guarantee this. After seated packages have been allocated to those with medical requirements, they will be offered to those requesting them in draw order. Therefore, we may not be able to guarantee your preferences.
For those of you who are offered a seated package, we will try our best to honour requests to sit together with other members, although this cannot be guaranteed. We will not be able to discuss this until we know the details of how many seated packages we receive.
If you wish to be considered for the ballot process, please complete the online application form which can be found on the OGAE UK official website. Please note that ALL applicants must accept the terms and conditions by ticking the box, and sign the form by typing their full name to acknowledge that they have read and accepted the ballot terms and conditions. The form should be submitted no later than 11.59pm GMT on 31 October 2018. Any applications made after this date will be placed on a waiting list should any packages become available after the first (and potentially second ballot) has taken place. Please note that it may be necessary to bring this deadline forward in the event that OGAE International requests final submissions before this date. We will notify all members with as much notice as we can if this is the case. ALL members will have an equal status in the ballot regardless of when they apply during the application process.
This year, as in previous years, no deposits will be required. However, if you wish to withdraw from the application process after your application has been submitted, you must advise the Ticket Coordinator as soon as possible. If you withdraw under any of the following circumstances:
Where an applicant commits to buying an OGAE fan package and then does not complete the ticket purchase
Where an applicant withdraws from the ballot AFTER OGAE UK is required to provide final ticket request numbers to OGAE International
members may be suspended from OGAE UK ticket processes for the following two years. The final decision will be made on a case by case basis by the OGAE UK committee, and members will be informed of the outcome.
No one will be asked to make a firm commitment to purchase a ticket without knowing the full price and the nature of the tickets involved.
In the ideal world, we would all prefer the OGAE fan tickets to be put on sale before the start of public ticket sales. This would give OGAE members some clarity and would give those unsuccessful in the ballot a second chance to secure tickets through the public sale. Every year OGAE International makes this request to the organisers but things never quite go according to plan. We all have to remember that OGAE tickets are not a high priority for the organisers, who can sell all the tickets to the live shows very easily and quickly without our help (something they always point out during negotiations with OGAE International). Basically, we need them more than they need us, and we are entirely at their mercy.
In the event that the public sale starts before the final allocation of fan packages, we recognise that members will be faced with the dilemma of whether to buy directly or keep faith with the OGAE process. We will do everything we can to avoid this scenario but we cannot guarantee that this will not happen. If any members do buy in the public sale before finalisation of the OGAE packages, it is essential that they advise us so that their tickets can be re-allocated.
Once we receive your ballot application, you will receive an automated email confirming receipt of the application. We will then check that all the required details have been provided, and whether you are eligible for the initial ballot or the waiting list.
We contact you via email to confirm your eligibility. We will aim to send out confirmation e-mails within 14 days of the close of the ballot application window. This process represents quite an administrative burden and so it would be very much appreciated if applications could be submitted as early as possible, rather than waiting for the final few days before the deadline.
We will aim to do the draw at our Annual General Meeting as in the previous two years, but this may not be possible due to timings set down by the EBU/OGAE International.
If it does not take place at the AGM then there will be an independent scrutinteer and it will may be filmed. After the ballot has taken place, the results will be communicated to all participants via e-mail.
As soon as we receive an allocation of tickets from OGAE International, we will advise all those who have been successful in the ballot. If any members have not managed to secure tickets in the initial allocation, there may be a chance that additional tickets will become available and we will keep the relevant people informed.
We have still not been advised of the actual ticket purchase process, but it is anticipated that it will be similar to recent years when tickets could be bought over the internet from the official ticket agency. You will be advised of the exact procedures when they are made available.
Please remember that, as in previous years, you may need to first buy a ticket voucher through the sales agent and then exchange this for the actual tickets once you arrive in Tel Aviv. This has happened in two of the last five years so it is important to factor the possible need to collect tickets into your travel plans (ie don’t plan on arriving in Tel Aviv just before the start of a show!).
The ticket process is always a bit of an emotional roller coaster and the next few months will inevitably be a nervous and, at times, stressful period for those who want to attend the shows in Tel Aviv. All of us at OGAE UK will do our very best to keep you informed of developments and to maximise the number of tickets that we can secure. Keep an eye on your e-mails including your spam folder, and update us immediately if your contact details change.
1 All information provided by members will be kept strictly confidential to comply with the Data Protection Act (DPA) 1998.
2 The ballots are open to all current members of OGAE UK as of 30 September 2017. Members who join after this date are not eligible to take part in the ballot.
3 All current members who wish to enter the ballot process must renew their membership by 17 November 2017, and have a current OGAE International membership card or have applied for one by 30 September 2017. If these requirements are not met, we reserve the right to withdraw the member from the ballot process.
5 For the purposes of this document ‘fan tickets’ are defined as tickets purchased from the allocation made available to OGAE International, and not tickets purchased in the public sale.
6 Any fan tickets offered to OGAE UK by OGAE International will be allocated to applicants in the order determined by the ballots.
7 ONE fan ticket package will be reserved for each OGAE UK Committee member regardless of the ballot. If the Committee member does not accept the package, it will be made available for the ballot.
8 Fan tickets will first be allocated in accordance with the result of the primary ballot which includes all applicants who have been continual OGAE UK members since before 1 June 2017. Any remaining fan tickets will then be allocated in accordance with the results of the secondary ballot which includes members who joined or re-joined on or after 1 June 2017. This includes those members who were added as a joint member to an existing member on or after 1 June 2017.
9 OGAE UK cannot guarantee that any standing or seating preferences can be guaranteed. OGAE UK are allocated a limited number of seated packages and preference will be given to those who provide medical reasons at the time of application. Any remaining seated packages will be allocated in draw order to those who request seated packages.
10 Any ballot applications received after 11.59pm on 31 October 2017 will be added to a waiting list and allocated fan tickets in the order in which the applications were received if and when they become available once both the primary and secondary ballots are exhausted.
11 Members who belong to more than one branch of OGAE may only apply for fan tickets through their primary club. Multiple applications will result in disqualification. OGAE International will check to ensure duplicate applications are not made.
12 Ballot applicants must be in possession of an OGAE International membership card OR have provided the required photo to OGAE UK to allow a card to be produced.
13 No ballot applications will be processed until OGAE UK has received the completed application, and where appropriate, digital passport photograph.
14 Any member who is successful in the ballot and is offered fan tickets but then fails to make the relevant purchase may be disbarred from all OGAE UK ticketing processes for the next two years. This will be decided on a case by case basis by the OGAE UK Committee, and the member will be notified of any action if any, is to be taken.
15 Entry into the ballot does not guarantee that the host broadcaster will offer any tickets or that everyone requesting entry to the ballot will be successful.
17 OGAE fan tickets or ticket packages may only be used by current OGAE members and cannot be split.
18 Any member who passes on or sells fan tickets without the prior agreement of the OGAE UK Ticket Coordinator may be disbarred from participating in future OGAE UK ticketing processes and be liable to have their membership terminated.
19 The ballots will be conducted at the OGAE UK AGM on Saturday 18 November 2017, overseen by the OGAE UK Ticket Coordinator.
21 The method of communication will be by e-mail. Applicants are responsible for ensuring that their e-mail address is current and that their e-mail account is able to accept messages from OGAE UK.
22 OGAE UK will not be responsible for e-mails going into spam folders or for e-mails which are unread. It is the responsibility of applicants to check their e-mail account on a regular basis.
23 It is the responsibility of the individual applicants to keep OGAE UK informed of any changes relating to telephone numbers and e-mail addresses. Changes should be sent to tickets@ogae.uk and clearly indicate that they relate to the fan ticket ballot.
24 Any member who is likely to be away from home at the time fan tickets requests need to be finalised must ensure that it is possible to access their e-mail so that any offer and allocation can be confirmed immediately.
25 Arrangements for the actual purchase of fan tickets by successful applicants are determined by the host organiser and are outside the control of OGAE UK.
26 OGAE UK will not be responsible for any fan tickets that are lost or defaced, cancelled or withdrawn at any time, or for refusal of admittance to any of the shows by the organisers.
27 OGAE UK will not be responsible for any changes made by the host broadcaster after the issue and allocation of the fan tickets up to and including the time of broadcast, or for any obstructed or restricted viewing in the arena caused by the demands of a live television show.
28 OGAE UK cannot and will not be held responsible for any financial losses under any circumstances, including but not exhaustive of flights, hotels, visa and other travel related costs.
29 OGAE UK reserves the right to modify or add to these terms and conditions without notice. Any such changes will be notified as soon as possible to those members entering the ticket ballots.
Many members are new to the OGAE ESC fan ticket process and so this document serves to provide some background information and advice on how the process usually works. It must be emphasised that firm details have not yet been published so these notes are for guidance only.
As previously communicated, any ticket packages that OGAE UK is offered will be allocated to members in an order determined by a ballot process. In this way the allocation is as fair as possible. Our process recognizes the loyalty of long standing members but also allows access to tickets to new club members.
We are trying to secure the largest possible allocation from the organisers and OGAE International. As of yet we do not know how many – if any – ticket packages will be made available to OGAE International, and so it is impossible to give an estimate of how many we may receive. Similarly, we are unable to confirm whether the fan packages will be for standing or sitting places.
All OGAE UK members (with the exception of honorary members) are eligible to participate in the ballot process. However, only members who have an OGAE International membership card OR have supplied the required photo may participate in the ballot. National ticket allocations are based on the number of membership cards issued to each club, and OGAE International only permits the use of fan tickets by members who are in possession of a current card (see below for further details if you do not currently have a card).
Members may only request ONE fan package for their own personal use. You cannot request/buy for other people. If you have friends who wish to join you, they will need to join OGAE UK themselves and enter the ballot in their own right.
Tickets will be allocated first to ballot 1 and then to ballot 2. Any members who apply for tickets after the ballot deadline will be placed on a waiting list and will be allocated tickets in the order in which they applied if and when any become available after all ballot participant requests have been met.
As in 2017, members will have an opportunity to nominate a second individual with whom to be paired for the purposes of the ballot. This is in no way compulsory, but allows joint members or friends who travel together to be treated as one unit for the purposes of the ballots, thus giving them a little more certainty when making their travel plans. Both applicants MUST be current members of OGAE UK. ALL members will have an equal status in the ballots; no one will be disadvantaged by the pairing process. Please note, however, that where members who joined before 1 June 2017 ask to be paired with members who joined after that date, they will both be placed in Ballot 2.
We have not yet received any details of the fan tickets that may be made available to OGAE in 2018. It is entirely up to the organisers to decide what (if anything) they will offer us. Historically, OGAE has been offered fan packages consisting of a ticket for each of the live shows, each of the ‘jury finals’ and, on occasion, we have also had access to some the rehearsals. In 2017 fan packages consisted of tickets to 6 separate shows on each of the days during Eurovision week.
The ticket packages are usually priced at around £300, often representing a considerable discount over buying the tickets individually. As a result, the packages cannot be split, ie you CANNOT purchase tickets for the semi finals or finals only, and unwanted tickets must not be sold and should only be passed on to other members with the agreement of OGAE. It is important that we comply with these requirements as we need to respect the good value and privileged status represented by the fan ticket packages.
As a result of the nature of the fan packages, they may not be the best option for members who only plan to attend the Grand Final on the Saturday evening. In recent years, some members have sold on tickets that they did not wish to use. This is strictly prohibited but has, to a degree, been tolerated in the past, so long as tickets went to other club members and OGAE was advised. However, there were a number of unpleasant incidents and complaints in the past few years resulting from tickets that had been sold on. As a result, we intend to enforce the rules more rigidly, and for 2018, any member who contravenes the fan ticket rules by selling or passing on tickets without OGAE UK’s express agreement, will be suspended from OGAE UK ticketing for the next two years.
In recent years, the floor of the arena has been designated as a standing zone. In 2013 OGAE was only offered standing places as part of the fan packages. After pressure from OGAE International, the Malmö organisers offered a very small number of seated packages for those who were physically unable to stand. In Copenhagen, Vienna and Stockholm, intensive negotiations resulted in a higher number of seated places being made available but there was still insufficient to meet demand.
We do not yet know whether OGAE tickets will be for standing or sitting places. OGAE International will attempt to secure the best possible mix of standing and seating ticket packages. We will address this issue as and when we receive additional information. It is reasonable to assume that demand for seats will probably outstrip supply. If this is the case and you are lucky enough to secure a seat, please make sure that you use it. There were a number of complaints in previous that members secured seats but then chose instead to join the fans in the standing area. This was unfair to those who had wanted a seat and particularly to those who actually withdrew from the ticket ballot when they could not be allocated a seat.
If limited seats are made available, these will be offered first to people with a genuine medical requirement, and we may have to ask people to provide a relevant doctor’s note to support their request. Any information sent to us will be kept strictly confidential.
If you wish to apply for the ballot process, please complete the online application form which can be found on the OGAE UK official website. Please note that ALL applicants must accept the terms and conditions by ticking the box, and sign the form by typing their full name to acknowledge that they have read and accepted the ballot terms and conditions. The form should be submitted no later than 11.59pm GMT on 31 October 2017. Any applications made after this date will NOT be entered into the ballot. Please note that it may be necessary to bring this deadline forward in the event that OGAE International requests final submissions before this date. We will notify all members with as much notice as we can if this is the case.
You will see that the application form asks for your OGAE International membership card number. As usual, OGAE fan tickets may only be used by the holder of an OGAE International membership card. OGAE International will check that all ticket buyers have a card. Asking for the card number also means that members will have to check that they still have their cards. If you have lost your card, please let us know by 30 September 2017 so that a replacement can be ordered, although please note that a £5 replacement charge will be levied.
For those who do not yet have a membership card, you can still apply to join the ballots but your application will only be accepted if you have provided the required photo by 30 September 2017.
If you have not advised us you need a card by 30 September, you will not be eligible to take part in the ballot.
For those who have not yet received a card, please be advised that they are produced centrally in Finland for all European clubs and there is only one routine production run per year. The next batch of cards should be with us around April and we will then distribute them to you.
This year, as in 2017, no deposits will be required. However, if you wish to withdraw from the application process after your application has been submitted, you must advise the Ticket Coordinator as soon as possible. If you withdraw under any of the following circumstances:
Once we receive your ballot application you will receive an automated email confirming receipt of the application. We will then check that all the required details have been provided. If you have not provided a membership card number, we will assume that you do not have a current membership card. As stated above, if you do not have a current membership card, you must have applied for one, and sent your photo to us by 30 September, or you will not be eligible to take part in the ballot.
We will then determine in which ballot you will participate based on your date of joining/re- joining. If you have asked to be paired with someone in a different ballot, you will both automatically be placed in the second ballot.
You will only be entered into the ballot once we have a completed application and you either have a current membership card or have provided a photo. If all these items are in order, we will contact you via e-mail to advise you that you will be entered into the ballot along with confirmation of the ballot to which you have been allocated.
We will aim to send out confirmation e-mails within 14 days of the receipt of all the required information. This process represents quite an administrative burden and so it would be very much appreciated if applications could be submitted as early as possible, rather than waiting for the final few days before the deadline.
The ballot will be carried out at the OGAE UK AGM on 18 November 2017. After the ballot has taken place, the results will be communicated to all participants via e-mail.
We have still not been advised of the actual ticket purchase process, but it is anticipated that it will be similar to the last five years when tickets could be bought over the internet from the official ticket agency. You will be advised of the exact procedures when they are made available.
Please remember that, as in previous years, you may need to first buy a ticket voucher through the sales agent and then exchange this for the actual tickets once you arrive in Lisbon. This has happened in two of the last five years so it is important to factor the possible need to collect tickets into your travel plans (ie don’t plan on arriving in Lisbon just before the start of a show!).
The ticket process is always a bit of an emotional roller coaster and the next few months will inevitably be a nervous and, at times, stressful period for those who want to attend the shows in Lisbon. All of us at OGAE UK will do our very best to keep you informed of developments and to maximise the number of tickets that we can secure. Keep an eye on your e-mails including your spam folder, and update us immediately if your contact details change.
Many members are new to the OGAE ESC fan ticket process and so this document serves to provide some background information and advice on how the process usually works. It must be emphasized that firm details have not yet been published so these notes are for guidance only.
So far, over 340 UK members have expressed interest in buying OGAE fan tickets for the ESC 2017, and we are trying to secure the largest possible allocation from the organisers and OGAE International. In 2016 we managed to secure 352 packages. As of yet we do not know how many -if any- ticket packages will be made available to OGAE International, and so it is impossible to give an estimate of how many we may receive. Similarly, we are unable to confirm whether the fan packages will be for standing or sitting places.
As in 2016, members will have an opportunity to nominate a second individual with whom to be paired for the purposes of the ballot. This is in no way compulsory, but allows joint members or friends who travel together to be treated as one unit for the purposes of the ballots, thus giving them a little more certainty when making their travel plans. Both applicants MUST be current members of OGAE UK. ALL members will have an equal status in the ballots; no one will be disadvantaged by the pairing process. Please note, however, that where members who joined before 1 June 2016 ask to be paired with members who joined after that date, they will both be placed in Ballot 2.
We have not yet received any details of the fan tickets that may be made available to OGAE in 2017. It is entirely up to the organisers to decide what (if anything) they will offer us. Historically, OGAE has been offered fan packages consisting of a ticket for each of the live shows, each of the ‘jury finals’ and, on occasion, we have also had access to some the rehearsals. In 2016 fan packages consisted of tickets to 6 separate shows on each of the days during Eurovision week.
As a result of the nature of the fan packages, they may not be the best option for members who only plan to attend the Grand Final on the Saturday evening. In recent years, some members have sold on tickets that they did not wish to use. This is strictly prohibited but has, to a degree, been tolerated in the past, so long as tickets went to other club members and OGAE was advised. However, there were a number of unpleasant incidents and complaints in the past few years resulting from tickets that had been sold on. As a result, we intend to enforce the rules more rigidly, and for 2017, any member who contravenes the fan ticket rules by selling or passing on tickets without OGAE UK’s express agreement, will be suspended from OGAE UK ticketing for the next two years.
If you are unable to attend ALL the live shows, it is recommended that you purchase your tickers in the public sale. Details of this will be announced on the official Eurovision website in due course (www.eurovision.tv), but as yet, no concrete details have been announced on dates or pricing.
If you wish to apply for the ballot process, please complete the online application form which can be found on the OGAE UK official website. Please note that ALL applicants must accept the terms and conditions by ticking the box, and sign the form by typing their full name to acknowledge that they have read and accepted the ballot terms and conditions. The form should be submitted no later than 11.59pm GMT on 17 November 2015. Any applications made after this date will NOT be entered into the ballot. Please note that it may be necessary to bring this deadline forward in the event that OGAE International requests final submissions before this date. We will notify all members with as much notice as we can if this is the case.
You will see that the application form asks for your OGAE International membership card number. As usual, OGAE fan tickets may only be used by the holder of an OGAE International membership card. OGAE International will check that all ticket buyers have a card. Asking for the card number also means that members will have to check that they still have their cards. If you have lost your card, please let us know by 31 October 2016 so that a replacement can be ordered, although please note that a £5 replacement charge will be levied.
For those who do not yet have a membership card, you can still apply to join the ballots but your application will only be accepted if you have provided the required photo by the ballot deadline. We will check each ballot application and if you have not supplied a photo we will contact you, so there is no need to write asking for confirmation that we have your photo on file (see below).
The application form also asks for your OGAE UK membership number. This can be found on the envelope that your Vision magazine is sent in. The next issue of Vision is due to be delivered towards the end of October. If you do not know your membership number, just leave blank, this is included to make things easier when validating your eligibility for the ballot.
This year, no deposits will be required. However, if you wish to withdraw from the application process after your application has been submitted, you must advise the Ticket Coordinator as soon as possible. If you withdraw under any of the following circumstances:
Once we receive your ballot application you will receive an automated email confirming receipt of the application. We will then check that all the required details have been provided. If you have not provided a membership card number, we will check that we have your photo on file and that a card will therefore be ordered for you for 2017. If we do not have an appropriate photo on file, we will contact you. You must then provide a photo by the ballot deadline and will not be added to the ballot until one is received.
We will then determine in which ballot you will participate based on your date of joining/re- joining. If you have asked to be paired with someone in a different ballot, we will contact you.
The ballot will be carried out at the OGAE UK AGM on 19 November 2016. After the ballot has taken place, the results will be communicated to all participants via e-mail.
Please remember that, as in previous years, you may need to first buy a ticket voucher through the sales agent and then exchange this for the actual tickets once you arrive in Kyiv. This has happened in two of the last five years so it is important to factor the possible need to collect tickets into your travel plans (ie don’t plan on arriving in Kyiv just before the start of a show!).
The ticket process is always a bit of an emotional roller coaster and the next few months will inevitably be a nervous and, at times, stressful period for those who want to attend the shows in Kyiv. All of us at OGAE UK will do our very best to keep you informed of developments and to maximise the number of tickets that we can secure. Keep an eye on your e-mails including your spam folder, and update us immediately if your contact details change.
All information provided by members will be kept strictly confidential to comply with the Data Protection Act (DPA) 1998.
All current members who wish to enter the ballot process must renew their membership by 30 November 2016, and have a current OGAE International membership card or have applied for one by this date. If these requirements are not met, we reserve the right to withdraw the member from the ballot process.
For the purposes of this document ‘fan tickets’ are defined as tickets purchased from the allocation made available to OGAE International, and not tickets purchased in the public sale.
Any fan tickets offered to OGAE UK by OGAE International will be allocated to applicants in the order determined by the ballots.
ONE fan ticket package will be reserved for each OGAE UK Committee member regardless of the ballot. If the Committee member does not accept the package, it will be made available for the ballot.
Fan tickets will first be allocated in accordance with the result of the primary ballot which includes all applicants who have been continual OGAE UK members since before 1 June 2016. Any remaining fan tickets will then be allocated in accordance with the results of the secondary ballot which includes members who joined or re-joined after 31 May 2016.
OGAE UK cannot guarantee that any standing or seating preferences can be guaranteed. OGAE UK are allocated a limited number of seated packages and preference will be given to those who provide medical reasons at the time of application. Any remaining seated packages will be allocated in draw order to those who request seated packages.
Any ballot applications received after 17 November 2016 will be added to a waiting list and allocated fan tickets in the order in which the applications were received if and when they become available once both the primary and secondary ballots are exhausted.
Members who belong to more than one branch of OGAE may only apply for fan tickets through their primary club. Multiple applications will result in disqualification. OGAE International will check to ensure duplicate applications are not made.
Ballot applicants must be in possession of an OGAE International membership card OR have provided the required photo to OGAE UK to allow a card to be produced.
No ballot applications will be processed until OGAE UK has received the completed application, and where appropriate, digital passport photograph.
Any member who is successful in the ballot and is offered fan tickets but then fails to make the relevant purchase may be disbarred from all OGAE UK ticketing processes for the next two years. This will be decided on a case by case basis by the OGAE UK Committee, and the member will be notified of any action if any, is to be taken.
Entry into the ballot does not guarantee that the host broadcaster will offer any tickets or that everyone requesting entry to the ballot will be successful.
Any member who passes on or sells fan tickets without the prior agreement of the OGAE UK Ticket Coordinator may be disbarred from participating in future OGAE UK ticketing processes and be liable to have their membership terminated.
The ballots will be conducted at the OGAE UK AGM on Saturday 19 November 2016, overseen by the OGAE UK Ticket Coordinator.
The method of communication will be by e-mail. Applicants are responsible for ensuring that their e-mail address is current and that their e-mail account is able to accept messages from OGAE UK.
OGAE UK will not be responsible for e-mails going into spam folders or for e-mails which are unread. It is the responsibility of applicants to check their e-mail account on a regular basis.
It is the responsibility of the individual applicants to keep OGAE UK informed of any changes relating to telephone numbers and e-mail addresses. Changes should be sent to tickets@ogae.uk and clearly indicate that they relate to the fan ticket ballot.
Any member who is likely to be away from home at the time fan tickets requests need to be finalised must ensure that it is possible to access their e-mail so that any offer and allocation can be confirmed immediately.
Arrangements for the actual purchase of fan tickets by successful applicants are determined by the host organiser and are outside the control of OGAE UK.
OGAE UK will not be responsible for any fan tickets that are lost or defaced, cancelled or withdrawn at any time, or for refusal of admittance to any of the shows by the organisers.
OGAE UK will not be responsible for any changes made by the host broadcaster after the issue and allocation of the fan tickets up to and including the time of broadcast, or for any obstructed or restricted viewing in the arena caused by the demands of a live television show.
OGAE UK cannot and will not be held responsible for any financial losses under any circumstances, including but not exhaustive of flights, hotels, visa and other travel related costs.
OGAE UK reserves the right to modify or add to these terms and conditions without notice. Any such changes will be notified as soon as possible to those members entering the ticket ballots.
November 11, 2018 - Stunning Teen Hottie Flashes Out Her Petite Boobs While Posing And Teasing In The Pu 160.2 KB JPG
November 11, 2018 - Alluring Teen Audri Gives An Amazing Window View With Her Slender Body Totally Naked 185.3 KB JPG
November 11, 2018 - Mature Amateurs In Homemade Shot Pics Not Only Fully Naked But Also Sucking Dicks 74.9 KB JPG
Ok guys for those that may not be following us on facebook, the new multiverse website is finally online at
Feel free to check it out, register, and what not, the forum and wiki are also available via the site as well.
Split SDFile(s) into multiple SD files. Each new SDFile contains a compound subset of similar size from the initial file. Multiple SDFile(s) names are separated by space. The valid file extensions are .sdf and .sd. All other file names are ignored. All the SD files in a current directory can be specified either by *.sdf or the current directory name.
Allowed characters in file names are: a-zA-Z0-9_. All other characters in datafield values, molname line, and root prefix are ignore during generation of file names.
Specify how to split SDFile(s): split into files with each file containing specified number of compounds or split into a specified number of files.
To split Sample1.sdf into new NewSample*.sdf files containing maximum of 5 compounds in each file, type:
To split Sample1.sdf into new SD files containing one compound each with new file names corresponding to molname line, type:
To split Sample1.sdf into new SD files containing one compound each with new file names corresponding to value of datafield MolID, type:
MayaChemTools is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
With March approaching and the snow melting, birds have begun to once again fill the air with their sweet melodies. The black amsel serenades the melting-sorbet sunset again, and I know spring can't be far away.
I love the intricate weaving and secrecy of nests, and I love the shiny blue or speckled eggs inside.
It was so warm on my walk to the grocery store this afternoon that it seemed strange that the trees didn't have their leaves on yet.
So far, I've seen ten wild primulas, two earthworms, and the beginnings of snow drops in a neighbour's yard.
And I brought home the most tender head of bib lettuce....I was no less pleased than I would have been with a giant rose. It's leaves like petals, it's center a fist of delicate crisp folds.
Right now, in this moment as I sit here writing, there is a bird outside my window singing the most lovely melody as the sky grows dark. I have missed bird song this long winter!
We're cozying in for the german version of American Idol. It's very entertaining, and we have our contestant who we're hoping and calling for. This is him singing I'll Be There if you're interested!
oh my goodness, I LOOOOVE nests! I have some around the house, and I love feathers too! These are great photos!
Lovely finds...beauty nests and birdsies. Nests have always intrigued me too. Wound all around, and twisted, and stuffed with goodies to hold it together. Amazing when you think about it.
These nests, birds and eggs are so adorable. My favorite is the hand felted pair of tiny birds in their little nests. You found so many treasures.
I love all these little nests, and it's funny, because we went bird-watching today, and then we stopped at one of our favorite stores, a place called Nesting, and where I bought a tiny bird's nest and a little bitty toy chick. Too cute!!
Such a lovely post, i love birds, nests, etsy and your very sweet blog. thank you for all the links, that was a lot of work!
all your nests are adorable..love everything here...all of it...i do love nests too...have ones that i have found on my walks that have dropped out of a tree in my cookbook shelf...so wonderful...
It must be spring as I am having a serious love affair with salads at the moment, hot cold, dressed, undressed I just cannot get enough!
We are covered in snow (again) this weekend, so seeing all these spring pics is a welcome break. I love the nest from Williams Sonoma. They have had it in their catalog for several years and I too adore it.
I love winter, but by the end, I am dying to see spring. Here's to hoping and praying it comes soon!
The guys not bad! Love the little nests...so pretty and full of promise...you sound so happy today - so glad. The sunshine is definitely putting everyone in a much better mood! Come on sun! Stay for a long while now okay?! xxx
This collection of nests is so beautiful and a perfect reminder that spring and new life are on their way. love, Beth
To the classical Greeks, Homer’s epics played very much the same role that the Bible plays for a lot of people today. People memorized big chunks of Homer’s writings in school, and they repeated bits of it in order to convince other people to do something or think something.
Homer lived around 700 BC, in the Archaic period in Greece. Nobody knows where in Greece he lived. People said he was blind, but poets were often said to have been blind, so this might not be true (people say poets are blind because they think that being blind helps the poets to “see” things other people can’t, like to know what the gods are doing).
When Homer was born, the Greeks had just recently learned how to use the alphabet from the Phoenicians or Carthaginians. Homer used the alphabet to write down two long epic poems called the Iliad and the Odyssey. Probably Homer didn’t make up these stories, or even the words, himself. Some of the stories are descended from earlier Hittite or Akkadian or Sumerian stories. Poets or bards had been going around Greece telling these stories (and probably accompanying themselves on the lyre) for hundreds of years already. But Homer wrote them down in Greek. Probably he also did a lot of work on them, to make them as good as they are.
The World of Odysseus, by Moses Finley and Bernard Knox (1954). A standard for anyone interested in Homer.
Cite this page: Carr, K.E. Who was Homer? Greek epic literature. Quatr.us Study Guides, July 10, 2017. Web. November 12, 2018.
Dr. Karen Carr is Associate Professor Emerita, Department of History, Portland State University. She holds a doctorate in Classical Art and Archaeology from the University of Michigan. Follow her on Instagram, Pinterest, or Facebook, or buy her book, Vandals to Visigoths.
Dr. Karen Carr is Associate Professor Emerita, Department of History, Portland State University. She holds a doctorate in Classical Art and Archaeology from the University of Michigan. Follow her on Instagram, Pinterest, or Facebook, or buy her book, Vandals to Visigoths.
Since 1994, Quatr.us Study Guides has offered free history and science articles to keep you connected to the latest discoveries in world history. We want you to know why things happened, how that matters today, and what you can do about it. Experts write all our 2500 articles (and counting!), with full bibliography and citation information. Coming soon: free lesson plans and a first-rate resource area.
Good question! We were thinking of the four corners of the world - four Quarters. We were thinking of Questions, and Quick, and Quality. We wanted a name that would be ours and nobody else's.
We’d love to talk! Reach out on twitter (@Quatr_us) or Instagram (@quatr.us) or by email (karen @ quatr.us). Open to your sponsorships, link exchanges, or just friendly talk about history. I’d be up for guest posts on your blog, joint Twitter threads, lesson plans, book reviews, or what-have-you. Send all your ideas!
Just about 1500 AD, many, many people in North America began to die from mysterious diseases like smallpox and measles that nobody in North America had ever seen before. Soon people saw that they were catching these diseases from European sailing men who had come to the Atlantic coast to trade knives and beads for furs. But even though people were careful not to touch the Europeans any more, or even let them on shore, they still kept catching the diseases. The diseases spread even to the Navajo and the Chinook and other people who had never seen a European, all the way on the other side of North America, and they died too. Soon Spanish invaders in Mexico began to spread these diseases directly along the Pacific coast and into what is now Texas.
By 1650 AD, so many people had died that North America was like a land full of ghosts. Empty houses stood in empty villages. French, English and Spanish traders saw that the Algonquin, the Iroquois and the Cherokee and the Mississippians and the Pueblo people were not able to fight back anymore, because so many had died. All across the southern part of North America, Spanish settlers built villages and cities. They built Santa Fe and Taos in New Mexico and Los Angeles and San Francisco in California. The Navajo began to raise sheep. English traders began to bring over groups of English settlers to live in the old Iroquois villages and farm their fields. French settlers came to live on the Algonquins‘ and Iroquois’ land (in modern Quebec province, Canada). The few surviving Iroquois tried to fight off the invaders, but they couldn’t.
In the South, English and Spanish people (both men and women) wanted to grow rice and sugar cane and tobacco and indigo (a blue dye). Those were good crops for that climate. But they couldn’t find enough people to work on these farms. At first they used indentured servants. But there weren’t enough of them either. So they forced West African people to come to North America and work on these farms as slaves.
New technologies must be adapted to people and their time, not the other way around. They should serve to improve quality of life and the living environment. This conviction is the source of our passion that drives us to create energy. It is the basis of our vitality and our success.
In 2014 we have celebrated 100 years of KACO and 15 years of KACO new energy: what better incentive could we have to keep dedicating ourselves to an energy source with peaceful purposes and applications – together with you.
In order to satisfy the global demand for our products and solutions we manufacture on three continents. In Germany we manufacture for the European market, in South-Korea for the Asia-Pacific region, and in Texas for North, Central and South America. Contacting our sales teams is just a stone’s throw away: our international subsidiaries are located close to all major PV markets.
Our professional sales partners support you and will be glad to offer individual consultation on our products. The global network guarantees high availability and prompt delivery in your area.
How we put our demands for high quality in research and development, manufacturing, and quality management into action on a world-wide basis.
A selection of several projects all over the globe. Our solar PV inverters come to terms with the most difficult conditions and deliver reliable yields.
KACO new energy suppliers will be integrated into our value chain process as an important partner, who will accompany us along the way to reaching our ambitious aims.
Our solar PV inverters cover a comprehensive output range for PV systems ranging from a single family home to huge solar parks with output in the megawatt range.
Three-phase InvertersImagine perfect grid current – the kind you get from large-scale power plants – but from decentralised renewable sources. The TL3 and TR3 series combine KACO new energy‘s many years of experience in developing inverters with the demand for perfect grid feeding.
They are the first choice when it comes to designing residential solar power plants with easy installation and maintenance in mind.
The blueplanet TL1 fulfil each and every requirement expected of modern solar PV inverters for use in residential PV systems: they are light and can be installed quickly; all essential technical features are included in the price; reliable operation and yields are guaranteed.
They are the ideal inverters for the smooth and most efficient design of any residential or small commercial solar power plant.
They are ideally suited for the decentralized, extremely flexible design of small and medium-sized commercial solar power plants – rooftop or open space applications alike.
They offer plenty of scope for your photovoltaic projects in the medium power range – from small, commercial solar roofs to large-scale, open space solar parks.
The blueplanet 29.0 TL3 LV is an inverter with lower AC output voltage developed for commercial and industrial solar PV systems, mainly in Latin America and the Caribbean.
They combine the utmost efficiency with ultimate uptime for decentralized commercial and utility-scale solar power plants.
The blueplanet 50.0 TL3 is a solar PV inverter for commercial and industrial-scale solar power plants that feature a decentralized plant concept.
The transformerless, 3-phase unit offers an intelligent design for simple installation: 50 kVA that are easy to transport, hang up and take down outdoors – even on the module support.
The Powador 48.0 TL3 Park and 72.0 TL3 Park are transformerless, 3-phase inverters with AC powers of 40.0 kVA and 60.0 kVA.
As efficient and flexible as the Powador 39.0 TL3 and 60.0 TL3, these inverters are ideally suited for connection to the external transformers of decentralised commercial and utility-scale solar power plants.
Central InvertersExtremely powerful. Extremely flexible. The central inverters of the Powador XP series are the first choice when it comes to usability and return on investment of your utility scale PV plant.
With the Central Power String Solution (CPSS), KACO new energy has designed a system solution combining the advantages of centralised and decentralised plant configurations.
As transformerless units, they offer extremely efficient, flexible solutions for centralized designs of commercial and utility-scale solar power plants.
The Powador XP500-HV TL outdoor and XP550-HV TL outdoor are solar PV inverters with AC powers of 500 kVA and 550 kVA.
They are ideal for cost-effective, efficient design of centralized, open space commercial and utility-scale solar power plants.
Make them your choice whenever you are equipping industrial- or utility-scale solar parks with inverters that are located inside.
They are your economical central inverters for outdoor use in industrial- or utility-scale solar power plants.
The Integrated Power Station provides you with the most extensive support in implementing utility-scale solar power plants.
Inverters, medium voltage transformer and disconnection units for the DC and AC side can be mounted together on a single base plate to create a ready-to-use, functional unit.
With an AC power of 2,200 kVA the blueplanet 2200 TL3 indoor has been designed with utility-grade solar parks in mind.
Thanks to its generous outfit this central inverter blends perfectly in PV power plant designs that are based on a container solution.
This robust power house has been designed with the economic development of utility-scale solar parks in mind.
There is an increasing demand for large-scale PV systems to support grid management, and compensating reactive power – both during the day and especially at night – is one of these measures. For this purpose, KACO new energy has developed a pure reactive power inverter, the blueplanet 50.0 TL3 RPonly.
Energy Storage, Home Energy Management or Off-Grid Photovoltaics are only some of the challenges for the future PV market. With our Energy Systems Technology Division we are prepared perfectly.
Energy Storage SystemsEnergy Storage, Home Energy Management or Off-Grid Photovoltaic are only some of the challenges for the future PV market. With our Energy Systems Technology Division we are prepared perfectly.
The blueplanet gridsave 50.0 TL3-S is a bidirectional battery inverter with an output of 50 kilowatts for commercial and large-scale storage applications that are based on different types of batteries, for example lithium-ion.
As part of an open storage system, its grid management capabilities support public utilities, distribution system operators, EPCs and large businesses in balancing generation and load of power networks.
The blueplanet gridsave 250 TL3 is a Power Conversion System (PCS) for storage applications from 250 kilowatts up into the megawatt range. Public utilities, distribution system operators, EPCs and large businesses alike will profit from its grid management capabilities in order to balance generation and load of power networks.
KACO new energy is opening up a whole new dimension with the blueplanet gridsave 1000 TL3, a storage solution in the megawatt class.
This bidirectional battery inverter supports public utilities, distribution system operators, EPCs and large businesses alike in grid management in order to balance generation and load of power networks.
In addition to our solar PV inverters we also offer equipment useful at all stages throughout the life cycle of your PV plant.
Calculate the optimum string size for a PV system with KACO new energy inverters: right here, free-of-charge, with the possibility to save or print your results.
Powador-web is an Internet portal that allows for a comprehensive evaluation and visualisation of photovoltaic installations. Access is possible from anywhere in the world via the Internet. Access is password protected.
Are you looking for a way to comfortable frequency and voltage protection as well as feed-in management of your solar power plant?
You are on the right track: Powador-protect is a protection device and management unit at the same time. Its singular attributes make it the most economical solution available that no alternative can keep pace with.
The digital inputs extension module is our most cost-effective solution to control the output of solar PV inverters remotely. In this way, photovoltaic systems can contribute to rectifying grid disturbances.
With our Priwatt system for controlling self-consumption you can make use of the electricity generated by your own photovoltaic system yourself. In that way you become more independent in terms of energy supplies and are taking the next step towards the energy turnaround.
The blueplanet Mini-Argus 50.0 is an external generator junction box for the Basic and M versions of the blueplanet 50.0 TL3 INT inverter. It is generally used for cabling certain distances between modules and inverters.
Our Global service partners are always at your side with a full range of services which leaves nothing to be desired when it comes to operation and maintenance. Here you will find a closely-knit network of international service partners what ensures that they are on-site quickly if the need arises.
The battery inverters can be operated in parallel on the DC side. This allows for multiple inverters to be connected to a single battery with a large capacity. The advantages are highest system availability and efficiency of the energy storage system.
The blueplanet gridsave 50.0 TL3-S is deployed between battery storage and power grid and can be connected in parallel on the AC side without a limitation in number. The power grid can be the national grid, a power supply of a small town or industrial facility: The size of the storage system is scalable according to requirements for decentralized applications up into the megawatt range.
By supplying stored energy in times of high energy demand, the battery inverter regulates energy peaks. Charging and discharging batteries, it also provides grid support by compensating reactive power or supplying additional active power.
The blueplanet gridsave 50.0 TL3-S is controlled by an external Energy Management System (EMS). For that purpose, the inverter communicates via open Sunspec Modbus TCP for use with different EMS's. This widespread interface allows for a large number of available controllers to manage the energy storage system. The blueplanet gridsave 50.0 TL3-S can therefore easily meet individual requirements in the design of the storage application.
Here you can watch the product presentation of the decentralised 50 kVA battery inverter blueplanet gridsave 50.0 TL3-S as a video at Intersolar Europe 2018
The blueplanet 2200 TL3 indoor integrates all conversion, distribution as well as protective devices on both AC and DC side. The central inverter is therefore fully equipped for connection and saves you the effort of acquiring additional accessories. This adds up to smooth, cost-effective installation and commissioning of the blueplanet 2200 TL3 indoor.
The efficiency of the inverter reaches outstanding 98.3% for highest energy yields. Three power stacks offer effective protection against yield losses: In the rare event of a power electronics failure, two power stacks remain operative to process two thirds of the available input power.
As an option, the inverter can also provide reactive power at night (Reactive Power Optimisation, RPO). You do not need to purchase any expensive reactive power or to invest in a power factor correction system. On the contrary: You can even negotiate to supply reactive power to your grid operator.
> Please find here the Warranty and Service Conditions as well as an overview of country certificates for our inverters
We extend previous analyses of wide-angle correlations in the galaxy power spectrum in redshift space to include all general relativistic effects. These general relativistic corrections to the standard approach become important on large scales and at high redshifts, and they lead to new terms in the wide-angle correlations. We show that in principl
Beltrami Representation and its applications to texture map and video compression - Lok Ming Lui; Ka Chun Lam; Tsz Wai Wong; XianFeng Gu
Boldface Names Offer Support for Gupta - United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
And this is the N. Cross mod - it causes the N. Cross special effect to pick either one or two targets among those hit by the spell, all others will be untargeted. In short, it makes N. Cross hit at least one and at most two targets. https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/160253567012306945/488004564876787714/Brave_N_Cross_1.9.0-N.ips
We're testing some new Mind Blast behavior; if you have the time please ensure this works properly. Intended behavior is that Mind Blast will set up to five statuses distributed randomly among any living party members, with each infliction having a Stam% chance to land. This shit is hard to test due to randomness, so I suggest to grab FF3usME or a save editor to ease testing. Patch is for non-headered Brave New World 1.9. https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/160253567012306945/487967470230175747/Mind_New_Blast_1.9.0-N.ips
This lets Celes (or Gogo) remain invisible when catching spells with Runic. Barely tested, as usual. Beta testers, have at it. Apply to non-headered Brave New World 1.9.0. https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/266957262075985920/485068823960223755/Runic_New_World_1.9.0-N.ips
Disabling the auto-fight mechanic in the Colosseum and making monsters run their scripts is easy. Making one-to-one fights interesting is a lot harder. Unless BTB can come up with a set of scripts that are good both for Colosseum fights and normal encounters without using up too much space, it would require expansion.
Short answer: it should raise the minimum amount of steps between random encounters while at the same time reducing the maximum number of steps. On paper, it should maintain the current average encounter rate, but in testing we noticed a decreased overall encounter rate. Long answer: the encounter system works on a threat counter; each step increases the probability that a random encounter will happen on that step. Different areas in the game add different amounts to this threat counter, and each step a random number is generated and compared to the counter. If the counter is greater than the random number, an encounter happens. The patch increases the lower bound and decreases the upper bound of the random number. Note that there was a bug in Think's RNG patch that may have affected the random encounter rate on the overworld. I bundled a fix for this in my patch, but no testing has been done to see the effects on the overworld encounter rate yet.
Mini Curtain Rods Pretty Fix A Rod That Falls Apart Hydrangea Hippo By Double For Grommet Curtains published on decoration. which is part of the decoration collection. It’s full resolution is 720x499 Pixels.
Applicants are urged to listen carefully to these cues so they can take advantage of any new information that may be introduced. Good actions are solely for the purpose of pleasing Allah, so whatever we do should be between Allah and us. Tits yoga pants. We know that Babbage was the last person you would suspect of having problems with mathematical texts.
If you are feeling really subconscious about crying, try to cry when you are alone. The film ends, as it begins, with a photo opportunity, Pilager giving a speech on the same bucolic lake where he hooked the corpse at the beginning of the film. Lesbian stewardess sex. To some extent the Army succumbed to this influence because of the frustration of many Salvationists with an ossified tradition, so that they began looking elsewhere for inspiration - to Pentecostal and Charismatic styles.
Image source: Google, copyright-free image under Creative Commons LicenseIs your partner having an affair. Have to put in with the others - use whatever is natural to the voice of your MC. LOLDo you by chance have the instructions on how to make the pallet lounger chair on here. No one who does not live what they profess has any influence or credibility with someone they are trying to win to the Lord. Completely naked women boobs. Most prisons have sections for the criminally insane where they get medicated and see psychiatrists.
Pointless comments are so retarded and 'of colour' I don't like people who say words that mean anything based around bullshit.
Reply Steven Nelms Jennifer, that definitely presents unique challenges and I hope this has served as a little bit of appreciation, if not encouragement to keep doing what you're doing.
There are also other payment methods such as Credit or Debit card transactions, online banking, e-gift voucher and Card Swipe on Delivery. It also explains how Pakistan is different from the West and why the West has so many misunderstandings about this country.
But this is the first time The Solution Method has been made accessible to everyone as a results-oriented jumpstart to the program-and it only takes three days. You can restrict the groups displayed above to only those in the selected groupingIf this checkbox is ticked, quiz will only be available to students assigned to groups within the selected grouping. Reeves is also a resident job-hunting expert at the Columbia Publishing Course with Columbia University in New York.
He smiles and runs off nervously, you finally release the breath you were holding when he disappeared. This is also why it is so difficult to write computer programs that could match grandmaster skills.
For quite some time now, he has been asking the latecomers to wear calendars - instead of watches - on their wrists so that they could at least turn up on the appointed day, if not time. Gg from shahs of sunset nude. If you needed more evidence that you just watched a tiny old man jizz his pants in a children's cartoon, check out his tiny post-coital pencil.
Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. The phrase "In like manner" connects what is about to be said with that which preceded it and directs the focus of this discourse toward the conduct of Christian women. We ended with Carrie and the Russian talking properly, for the first time about his own insecurities in his own work, and how sometimes he would look at the art he had already created and think it was pony.
FarkNoddy is the main character in a series of children's books about a small wooden toy who lives in Toyland with other toys. If no such agreement can be achieved, not later than forty-five days after the last such meeting between the board and the school governance council, the Commissioner of Education shall decide which of the alternatives to implement. Male folklore about marital sex, is mostly about denial and frustration, and marriage is considered a sex-destroying trap rather than a sex-liberating paradise.
Broke out in a cold sweat, and before I could catch my breath a beast jumped out o' the woods -- big as a barn, with horns and two burning coals for eyes. Brandon Sanderson's incredibly satisfying YA trilogy about a world ruled by insane super-villains continues to delight with this sequel. Lesbian stewardess sex. Magdalena Have it ever occured to you that it might have all been the other way round. Vlad listened to her with amazement, he was not so much interested in the capabilities of the ship as his presence.
And since everything has its twin, maybe this should be read beside another masterpiece from the interwar France of international exiles: The Autobiography of Alice B Toklas, written not by Toklas, but by her lover, Gertrude Stein Penguin Modern Classics. Sexy girl fucks for money. PowersI would have to say that I apply to most of these things or at least know some other white people that apply to them. For a field like ours in a country like ours which is overpopulated and has a major portion of that hovering below or around the poverty line, having the support of the government to ensure the benefits of health care reach everyone is vital to our success.
Build a web page on which you can easily display all of the necessary info: location, time, ticketing info, contact information.
No credit card is required and you will quickly see just how easy it is to design and build a customized class reunion website. So I asked her how an opinion can be wrong, and she said because her opinion is the way she taught it in class.
To this extent, this novel is less science fictional than either Gutman's or Blacker's although it is much more interesting. Corruption is a global problem that all countries of the world have to confront, solutions, however, can only be home grown. Open Water tells the story of a married couple, Susan and Daniel, who are abandoned in the ocean by a scuba boat that caters to tourists.
California Software Labs has ported Flash Lite 3 to Linux device running Linux Framebuffer. ......continue reading
AMD announced new products and technology aimed at multimedia market at MWC. The press release goes on to say ‘”The AMD Z180 OpenVG 1.x graphics core is said to offer the only available hardware-accelerated native vector graphics solution, aimed at advanced user interfaces, navigational systems and portable devices optimized for animation and Flash-style content. ” ......continue reading
There’s a recent announcement from On2 that optimized version of their VP6 codec has been used in Sony Mylo device. I believe this is the first announced Flash Lite device using optimized On2 codec. As you know, Flash Lite almost entirely runs on native processor. Video is often CPU intensive, and in our experience, even a good CPU has choked running full screen video- especially at Mylo’s resolution at 800×480. My guess is that its gotta be more than 400MHz CPU, most likely ARM11 class. I have no idea how much RAM there is- but I bet its plenty. Older generation Mylo ran ARM9 from Freescale and Linux OS /QTopia. ......continue reading
Well- a big driver for Flash Lite on embedded and mobile devices has been youtube.com. As you know, youtube is optimized to play at low bit rate and a low resolution for 320X240. With the demo of FL3 running on N95, we had no problems playing the youtube video. The limitation was imposed by the network speed- we were using TMobile and the data speed was limited by the EDGE/GPRS network. If we buffered for say 30 seconds before playing, the video played fine. ......continue reading
California Software Labs, an authorized distributor of Adobe Flash player, has ported Flash Lite 3.0 to Linux. The port is for Enterprise Red Hat Linux, running on X86. It is expected that the PC will have a sufficiently powerful CPU (1GHz+) and decent memory (>512MB) and has X server running on top of GTK. (Essentially a complete desktop Linux environment). The port uses OSS for sound, and it is expected that the system has font support. ......continue reading
California Software Labs has ported Flash Lite 3 to Windows CE 5.0/6.0 and Windows Mobile 6. Due to the nature of the business, it is not available to individual users. OEM developers can purchase it after paying NRE and licensing costs associated with it. Please contact me at anand at joshimail dot net if you need any other information. ......continue reading
I am sure you have heard of Chumby. That was one of the first devices with Flash Lite 3. It looks pretty cool device, but I wonder how its doing businesswise? ......continue reading
Wow, Friday already? This week has flown by for me. Oddly I haven’t really done anything to make it go fast. It must be because work is keeping me busy. Well, whatever it is I’ll still give a shout out of TGIF!
1 - Exclusive First Listen: The Swell Season : NPR - Remember that lovely song from the movie Once? If you liked that, they have a whole album coming out. Beautiful.
2 - Don't just stand there...BUST A MOVE – Halifax’s first known flashmob, in support of Breast Health. Who doesn’t love a dance party in the local shopping centre!?
3 – 20 Minute Abs – titled as The Best Ab Workout for Women. I don’t know about that but it does look promising and I’m sick of just doing bicycle crunches all the time. :)
4 – Bakerella.com – In lieu of the weekly recipe link, I decided to give you a whole blog instead. Not only does Bakerella have cute and easy baking ideas, including some fun Halloween choices, but also check out the awesome wedding proposal she helped pull off. Love it!
5 – Just for Haligonians! Things to do for Two – A young, married East Coast couple offers up ideas of fun, local things to do together that won’t break the bank. (Now if only my date was home to do these things!)
If you ever have something cute you think would make a nice addition to the Around the Internet series, feel free to let me know. Email is on the sidebar ----->
I love the things to do for 2, that's a great blog, I will be searching though it for things to do for sure
Now that Spring is trying to show it’s face around here I’m wondering if my current obsession with roasted vegetables will start to slow down. I am so in love with roasted veggies I don’t know if I’ll just let them go as the weather gets warmer or if I will tough out having the oven on no matter what. Hmmm.
I suppose time will tell! Until then, here’s another recipe with my favourite roasted vegetable…beets. This one is easy, nutritious, tasty and can work as either a side dish or a meal. Personally I just heaped a bunch into a bowl and called it dinner.
While writing this I’m trying to decide if this should be called a salad? or more likely it’s a pilaf? No, I mixed leafy greens into it? That makes it a salad doesn’t it? Can pilaf have leafy greens?
It’s tossed in vinaigrette so I suppose that solidifies it into the salad category. Yes, quinoa salad. We have a winner.
Roast your veggies (toss in drizzle of olive oil and roast on a baking sheet at 400 degrees for about 20 minutes). While those are roasting, prepare your quinoa (bring to a boil, reduce to simmer for 10-12 minutes, let stand 5 minutes to absorb all water).
To the bowl add the roasted veggies, then the greens, then the cooked quinoa. The heat from the veggies and quinoa will help wilt the greens. Add green onions and small chunks of goat cheese. Stir carefully, being sure to get all dressing from the bottom of the bowl incorporated throughout the mixture.
Since I like it served warm maybe we can call it pilaf salad? Whatever you call it, enjoy! MyFitnessPal clocks this in at a lovely 330 calories if you do 4 servings. So fill up your little blue bowl and go to town. I sure did.
Do your tastes change with seasons? Would you abandon your favourite roasted veggies in lieu of something more Summery?
We connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults. We work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make Ohio great.
Adams County Allen County Ashland County Ashtabula County Athens County Auglaize County Belmont County Brown County Butler County Carroll County Champaign County Clark County Clermont County Clinton County Columbiana County Coshocton County Crawford County Cuyahoga County Darke County Defiance County Delaware County Erie County Fairfield County Fayette County Franklin County Fulton County Gallia County Geauga County Greene County Guernsey County Hamilton County Hancock County Hardin County Harrison County Henry County Highland County Hocking County Holmes County Huron County Jackson County Jefferson County Knox County Lake County Lawrence County Licking County Logan County Lorain County Lucas County Madison County Mahoning County Marion County Medina County Meigs County Mercer County Miami County Monroe County Montgomery County Morgan County Morrow County Muskingum County Noble County Ottawa County Paulding County Perry County Pickaway County Pike County Portage County Preble County Putnam County Richland County Ross County Sandusky County Scioto County Seneca County Shelby County Stark County Summit County Trumbull County Tuscarawas County Union County Van Wert County Vinton County Warren County Washington County Wayne County Williams County Wood County Wyandot County
Today is the first day in session for the 129th Ohio General Assembly. I won’t send these all the time, but here’s what they (the House at least) introduced on day one…
*This information is available to you through a partnership with Gongwer Ohio. To learn more, email rkusner@researchpartners.org.
HJR 1 JUDICIAL ELECTIONS (Huffman) To change the age at and after which a person may not be elected or appointed to a judicial office and to eliminate the authority of the General Assembly to establish courts of conciliation and to reappoint a Supreme Court commission. Am. Sec. 6, Art. IV; Rep. Secs. 19 and 22, Art. IV, Ohio ConstitutionBill Text
HB 1 JOBSOHIO (Duffey) To authorize the Governor to create JobsOhio, a nonprofit economic development corporation. Bill Text
HB 4 VEHICLE INSURANCE VERIFICATION (Huffman) To eliminate the financial responsibility random verification program of the Bureau of Motor Vehicles. Am. 4509.101 and 4510.05; Rep. 3 of Am. Sub. SB20 of 120th General AssemblyBill Text
HB 6 DEPUTY REGISTRARS (Huffman) To require deputy registrars generally to accept debit cards by automated teller machines and to allow deputy registrars to accept debit cards and credit cards by other means, for all state-related transactions they process. Am. 4503.102Bill Text
HB 7 POST-VIABILITY ABORTIONS (Fende) To revise the criminal laws governing post-viability abortions. Am. 2305.11, 2307.52 and 2919.16; En. 2919.17 and 2919.18; Rep. 2919.17 and 2919.18Bill Text
HB 10 CONTAMINATED SITE REMEDIATION (Sears) To authorize refundable tax credits through 2017 for the completion of a voluntary action to remediate a contaminated site and for the return of such sites to productive use and to exempt persons through 2017 who have been issued covenants not to sue under the Voluntary Action Program for certain fees and penalties for one year after the issuance of such a covenant. Am. 5747.98 and 5751.98; En. 3746.241, 5747.78 and 5751.54Bill Text
HB 11 PATIENT PROTECTION (Sears) To prohibit state departments and agencies from implementing or enforcing a provision of the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act without meeting certain conditions. En. 3901.711Bill Text
HB 16 SPEEDING VIOLATIONS (Sears) To prohibit a person from being arrested, charged or convicted for speeding on a public street, highway, private road or driveway based on a peace officer’s unaided visual estimation of the speed of a motor vehicle, trackless trolley or streetcar. Am. 4511.091Bill Text
HB 17 WITHHOLDING CREDIT (Baker) To authorize a $2,400 income tax withholding credit for an employer that hires and employs a previously unemployed individual. Am. 5747.07 and 5747.15; En. 5747.073Bill Text
HB 18 BUSINESS TAX CREDIT (Baker) To authorize a nonrefundable tax credit for a business that increases payroll and expands into a vacant facility. Am. 5747.98 and 4751.98; En. 5747.81 and 5751.55Bill Text
« Grant Applications 101- A Plain English Guide to ETA Competitive Grants The New College Credential »
Categories Select Category Action!!! Education Employers Employment Services Events Federal Funding Opportunities Legislation Local Workforce System Ohio Ohio Workforce Coalition Poverty Research/Advocacy Social/Human Services Uncategorized Unemployment
Last year around about this time I pondered consumerism around Christmas, whether a levy of spend is a good idea or not. This year, for the past month, I'd intended to look at the choices we can make for giving, but life kind of got the better of me.
And for all the good intentions I had, I didn't put them into practice because of time constraints, circumstances and something having to give. I'm ok with that. And quite enjoyed some one stop shop (shopping centre) shopping which got me out of the house when spirits were low and made me rather pleased that my worry not to get presents in time was quickly kicked into the very back drawer. And you know what? I think I got rather nice presents that suit their recipients, and will be used - at least I hope.
However, in an ideal world, I'd like to have a handmade and recycled/upcycled Christmas, one where none of the presents given are bought from a chain store. There are so many alternatives. Handmade items from etsy, folksy and other incarnations of the same idea. Local businesses upcycling, just look at Glasgow Wood Recycling's range as a great example. Charities with shops often have a lovely selection of fairtrade or environmentally sound presents - Oxfam, Amnesty International and Save the Children are just some examples.
I've also come across online shops with a difference, such as Gifted People, or some other ethical store like Natural Collection.
It's really the same idea as giving someone the gift of a service, which you could do locally as well. Something like the felt making workshop I gifted myself for my 40th birthday, which in turn supported crafting people passing on their skills, but which also means that I now have a new skill myself, something that's going to be very lasting and not gather dust.
Then of course there is also the possibility of second hand. Now, personally, I have nothing against getting something that is second hand. I'd be very happy with that, as it gives an item a new lease of life rather than going to landfill, and it avoids the making of the same item again, which in my eyes is a waste of limited and precious resources.
The problem is that of course we don't have a culture where giving second hand items is acceptable. Yet. While I'm happy to announce that I'd rather get something second hand than new, would I give a second hand item to friends or family? I'm hypocritical that way and most would be I expect.
There's also the pressure element. Some time ago I announced that I felt there were too many presents going around and it was getting a bit over the top and how about reducing it all and just do less but let it be handmade? The thought behind this not being that we have to all make every present, but to give less, and make or buy handmade. The idea was to reduce the pressure to buy so much, not to add another pressure. But of course, for many, this does result in a new pressure, maybe because it's easier to stick with the shops you know, maybe because handmade takes more time, or if bought, is more expensive.
Personally, I always feel that a present given that is not used is a waste, not of money but of resources. Yes, I do appreciate that it's the thought that counts, but if I give a present that I don't see used, I'd rather not have given it. Look at toys for instance. They're all over the place in our house. Yet Cubling hardly plays with them at all. When I think of the amount of money that goes into them and how better that money could have been used, I get a bit flustered. It's not about my money being wasted, it's about money in general having been wasted, because it could have been spend on something more worthy, as well as resources to make the thing that just sits and doesn't get used.
So in the Christmas spirit, and I know I'm a bit late in throwing this thought into your Christmas shopping, do we really need all that we buy? Would we not be better off being a bit more selective, even offering to friends and family to not gift quite so much? In a time where most of us just buy what we need anyway, what is it we need really? Not another thing, but surely time together, help where we don't manage something ourself. Do you know more ethical shopping outlets that you can share, including handmade and upcycling initiatives? Please do share them in the comments! And finally, could you imagine to give and receive a second hand present?
My plan, again, for next year will be to give handmade, home baked, ethical and maybe even second hand. At least to some extent, because some is always better than none. In this spirit, some of my Christmas shopping did in fact come from some of the places mentioned. I also made some presents. Next time it will be more I hope.
a hat in time asap pledge asylum and refugees attachment parenting baby days baby sleep baby wearing baglady baking biculturalism bilingual carnival bilingualism birth blogging breastfeeding carbon footprint charity child poverty childcare Christmas cloth nappies co-sleeping consumerism crafting crochet expat thoughts fear fertility food forest kindergarten gardening Germany Glasgow grief grow your own hand made health inequalities holiday infant feeding knitting meme meningitis miscarriage nature nature kindergarten nursery out and about outdoor challenge Monday outdoor education outdoor learning outdoor play parenting photography potty training pregnancy recycle reviews save the children Scotland seasons sewing social networking spirited baby sustainability toddler days transition travel trying to conceive urban food growing Tuesday voluntary sector weaning
Located on Manhattan’s Upper East Side in the small oasis in the urban jungle called the Rockefeller University, The Laboraotry of Structural Microbiology is situated in the Bronk Building, 6th floor. There are two rooms of laboratory space (total 1256 ft sq area). There are four shared equipment rooms on the floor, including an autoclave, a darkroom, and two cold rooms. Major computer resources in the laboratory include several SGI workstations, multi-processor Apple Macintosh computers, and a 16 node (32 processor) Linux cluster. The onsite crystallographic resources include two rotating anode X-ray generators equipped with cryo-cooling systems. In addition, the facility has two robots for high throughput automated crystal screen generation in 96 well format (Formulator by Formulatrix) and for setting up protein drops in 96 wells (Phoenix robot from Art Robbins). The Rockefeller University, along with the neighboring institutes of Cornell Medical College and The Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, reserves synchrotron beam time at Brookhaven and Argonne National Laboratories.
Access Exclusive Member Content, Download Music, Images and Get Member only Coupons while you Support our Projects to Save the Forest. Membership is Free and you get immediate access to discounts and downloads.
Sebastião Salgado is considered one of the greatest and probably the most famous Brazilian photographer.
Joênia Wapixana has been elected the first female indigenous Federal Deputy of Brazil (the equivalent
In November of 2015, leaders from 200 indigenous communities that integrate the Wampi tribe, gathered
Our main goal is to promote rainforest prosperity. Promoting the use of sustainable and renewable resources could help stop the destruction of the Rainforests. Read more about our Mission
The search for “Safe Harbor” in the world is ongoing. This quest can sometimes cause speculative movements. However, although these movements are temporary, some may lose some while they win. Mehmet Keçeci, 08.11.2017
Oasi Olimpia Relais is the ideal location to celebrate your wedding day in Italy. A diamond between the gulf of naples and the Amalfi Coast, immersed in a parkland and offering elegance and selected service, whether you choose a luxury wedding in Sorrento or even for a little refreshment with a few close friends and family.
Great Neapolitan food selection personalized from our chef combined with elegant furniture and magic atmosphere
Whatever you decide, we wish you the most fabulous and unforgettable wedding day ever! Planning a wedding is exciting and fun but also a little complicated and we will be at your disposal to make for you things very easy We’d like to assist you in creating a lovely and memorable event, just the way you want it offering you a unique service based on your personal tastes and requirements.
This Blog is ultimately for my boys. Lessons I've learned which I would like to share with them, but never seem to find the time. It reaffirms my beliefs and helps me sort out my own cluttered thoughts as I try to make sense of my life. Guided by Ke Akua (God) and my kupuna (ancestors), my Hawaiian identity provides me the framework. It is inspired by many people and loved ones in my life as I increasingly let my spirit interact with the spirits of others. Some I've known my whole life. Some I've met only recently. Some whom I will meet someday. Everyone is so truly beautiful. Life is incredibly beautiful. Love is definitely where it is at...
Donald Trump's demand sparks North Atlantic Treaty Organisation panic He also renewed a demand that they even double that - though many question what they could usefully spend it on. Germany, Europe's biggest economy, spends just 1.24 per cent, compared with 3.5 per cent for the US.
'Downton Abbey' Movie Premiere Date, Cast and Spoilers Carnival Films is a division of NBCUniversal International Studios and one of the UK's leading drama producers. Filming is expected to kick off later this summer, though no release date has been set yet.
Russian intelligence members indicted for USA election meddling In February, Mueller charged 13 Russians and three Russian companies in an elaborate conspiracy to interfere in the election. And the announcement came at the same time that Trump and the first lady were meeting at Windsor Castle with the Queen.
Mourinho reveals why Perisic is 'different' from other wingers The Inter Milan star was heavily linked with a switch to United last summer before Mourinho turned his interest elsewhere. It's a young team, the majority of the players will play in the next World Cup with more experience at club level.
Trump Declares Himself 'Genius' After NATO Meeting "Since President Trump was in Brussels last spring allies have added 41 billion extra for defence spending". Trump offered Thursday that "people have stepped up today like they've never stepped up before".
Johnson & Johnson jury awards US$4.14b punitive damages over talc cancer However, there are experts who are still concerned about the safety of talc today, despite new asbestos-free formulas. The landmark trial is the first of its kind concerning claims that asbestos in J&J's talc causes ovarian cancer.
Chelsea set to announce Maurizio Sarri with contract signed at Stamford Bridge Conte's volcanic intensity also alienated some insiders, including leading players whose discontent filtered out. Two trophies in two seasons but the writing was on the wall.
Behind President Trump's claim of new funding from North Atlantic Treaty Organisation members But such a change would be subject to parliamentary approval, and another diplomat said no absolute commitment had been given. Still, Trump has been more conciliatory behind the scenes, including at a leaders' dinner Wednesday.
Eclipse 2018: Is there a solar eclipse today on Friday 13th? Can the partial solar eclipse be visible from India? Experts have prohibited directly viewing the eclipse without safety measures. Speaking to his more than 250,000 followers Mr Begley said: "Coming up this Friday the 13th will be a partial solar eclipse ".
Netflix Topples HBO in Emmy Nominations Betty Gilpin was the only performer to score a nom for a first-year series, scoring supporting comedy actress for " GLOW ". Meanwhile, HBO's Thrones and Westworld nabbed 22 and 21 nominations each, while the dark comedy Barry scored 13 nods.
Will Smith takes the ‘In My Feelings’ challenge to another level Drake commented on Smith's epic video, writing, "Wow this video is done", accompanied by a check mark emoji. Smith took the challenge and smashed it by climbing a bridge in Budapest and dancing on top of it.
Last Alaska Blockbusters set to close, leaving 1 store in US The company filed for bankruptcy protection in 2010 and parent firm Dish Network started closing United States stores in 2013. However, over the last few years, even the Alaska locations have died off with the rise of streaming services like Netflix .
British Man's Condition Upgraded After Nerve Agent Poisoning Basu says he hopes her partner Charlie Rowley improves and can give police details about the location of the container. Hospital officials say they've seen an improvement in a man poisoned in a nerve agent attack in southwestern England.
Canada pledges support to Latvia's security France, meanwhile, is expected to pledge this week that it will meet the two per cent spending target within the next seven years, while Germany says it will reach 1.5 per cent of GDP by 2024.
Kevin Anderson 2-2 John Isner in first set Though Raonic outgunned Isner in that respect - 31 to 25 - he was unable to see through service games as convincingly. Now, Anderson will face American John Isner , who will be making his Grand Slam semi-final debut on the Centre Court.
The group gave no reason for the bombing that killed Mr Raisani, who was running for the election on the Baluchistan Awami Party ticket.
"Mir Siraj Raisani succumbed to wounds while he was being shifted to Quetta", caretaker provincial Home Minister Agha Umar said. Hospital officials said on Friday that the toll in that attack had risen to 22.
In a televised appeal to supporters from London earlier this week, Sharif said he was not afraid of prison and asked people to vote for his party. Balochistan caretaker Health Minister Faiz Kakar told Reuters that the death toll had risen to 85 people, with over 120 wounded.
Raisani was attending a rally in Mastung, a town in Baluchistan, when the suicide bomber targeted him.
No one claimed responsibility for either bombing, but the attacks came days after a suicide bomber dispatched by the Pakistani Taliban killed secular politician Haroon Ahmed Bilour and 20 others at his rally in the northwestern city of Peshawar.
The director of civil defense, Muhammad Aslam Tareen, told CNN that eight to 10 kilograms of explosives were used in the attack.
Following the incident, an emergency was declared in Quetta hospitals, with additional medical staff summoned.
Earlier on Friday, four people were killed and 32 people were injured in an explosion in the district of Bannu in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. "Injured people were crying in pain and fear", said local journalist Attah Ullah. Durrani survived the attack.
Their return could shake up an election race marred by accusations Pakistan's powerful military is working behind the scenes to skew the contest in favor of ex-cricket hero Imran Khan, who describes Sharif as a "criminal" who deserves no support.
The law and order had suddenly deteriorated ahead of elections despite claims by the government and security forces that terrorism has been wiped out of the country.
Pakistani Taliban have been targeting the members and the leaders of Durrani's party in the past for the religious group's support and participation in the democratic process, which the militants say is a system brought in by Western infidels. On July 7, seven people were injured when a convoy of a Muttahida Majlis-i-Amal came under attack in Bannu.
MLA Overview: You must create a works cited page (which is a list of all of the sources you used in the paper), and a bibliography (which is a list of all the sources you read). You must also do in-text parenthetical citations – where every time you use an idea that is not your own you put a note after the sentence that leads back to the item in your works cited list. See OWL MLA In-Text Citations: The Basics
Create an MLA citation for each source (book, article, webpage, video, etc.) you use or read – if a book influences your thinking or broadens your knowledge you should cite it even if you don’t take notes from it.
Use the OWL: Formatting and Style Guide to find proper citation format, or EasyBib’s, BibMe, or Citation Machine’s free citation-creator service.
Journal/Magazine Article: Last name of author, first name. “Title of Article.” Title of Journal/Magazine, day month year, pages.
Website: Editor or author. “Name of Page.” Name of Site. Publisher or publishing organization, date of creation, URL or DOI. Accessed day month year. [this last piece is the day you viewed it to take notes]
Note Cards (virtual or paper): Use index cards, or Google Keep. Put one note or idea on each card, always recording the number of the source and the page number of the idea on the same card. Make sure you copy quotations accurately and put quotation marks, and add ideas of your own in a clearly marked way (use italics, or a different color pen, or write “me: blah blah blah”). You could also assign labels to each card, or change the color to help you organize the cards. You can then shuffle the cards around to decide the order of your paper – it’s important to combine ideas from different sources with your own analysis or observations in a way that makes sense for the paper. Note: If you plan to use Google Keep for several projects, it does not have a folder option. Either label all the notes for one project the same, or assign each project a different color.
Table (virtual or paper): Make a table with columns for Source, Page Number, Note/Quote, My Ideas. Put one idea or note in each row. You can color code rows by type of idea or subject matter if it seems it would help. You can then number the rows in the order you want to use them, or cut them into strips and physically reorganize them.
Note Taking Sheets (virtual or paper) – Best for when you know what each section of your paper is going to be. Make one sheet per section, record one idea per line noting the source and page numbers. See an example here.
As you are writing your paper, every time you use a note from a source you put parentheses after the last sentence of that idea. In general, you’ll put the author’s last name, and the page number inside the parentheses. See the OWL MLA In-Text Citations: The Basics for specifics.
Your job in a works cited page and bibliography is to provide information about each source so that someone reading your paper could find the exact item you used. The works cited page lists sources you cite in your paper, the bibliography is a list of every source you consulted. You should have kept track of your sources in a Google Doc. See the OWL: Formatting and Style Guide for specifics on formatting, if you’re having trouble come see Ms. J. If you’ve lost the details of your sources, or didn’t keep careful track, come see Ms. J – she may be able to help you find the information you need.
Prediksi Togel Hari ini 99 Akurat | Prediksi Togel SGP | Prediksi Togel HK | Kumpulan Tafsir Mimpi 99% Akurat
Joe Pillitteri, Gary Wiens (farm owner) and Jesse Willms (partner in Lakeview Vineyard Equipment) (Lauren O'Malley)
The hardest-working comedian in NOTL is busy harvesting more than laughter these days. Joe Pillitteri — who in “real life” owns Lakeview Vineyard Equipment — has been busy harvesting grapes too.
Pillitteri was on high alert recently when September’s vicious cycle of heat and rain finally let up and left vineyards full of ripe-to-bursting grapes.
“This weather causes the acceleration of the breakdown of the ripe grapes. That means rot,” explains Pillitteri.
Rot is the enemy of grape growers and winemakers, and avoiding it at GW Wiens Farms means a rush to harvest.
“Emergency picking creates pressure on every level of the process,” Pillitteri continues. “Someone is taking a pay cut just because of the weather.”
Wineries have specific criteria in terms of sugar levels and volatile acidity — the former determined by the ripeness of the fruit, the latter by the level of rot. Trimming the affected grapes helps to mediate the effect, but a prompt pick has been deemed necessary in the Wiens vineyards.
The atmosphere is all-systems-go, pedal-to-the-metal, with state-of-the-art equipment that gleams with newness and promise.
The name Gregoire GL8 (a heavy-duty grape picker) is said with awe and reverence by the men here. Four harvesters share the work over 20 acres, and the whole year’s growth is picked in a matter of hours.
The Gregoire’s website features a video with booming rock music and close-up dynamic shots of the behemoth’s high technology. In the field, it is loud and windswept, and busy with moving parts. GPS integrates with yield-monitoring technology; catcher trays adapt to the base of each individual vine; auto-steering keeps it on track. The berries are picked by rods and fall onto conveyor belts while suction fans blow out debris like sticks, leaves and rotten berries. Distemper heads act like hands, removing berries from the stems, and the berries are taken through to tanks, having been cleaned three ways.
This is technological efficiency at its best. The roomy and comfortable cab is air-conditioned and has an excellent sound system. Digital screens indicate productivity. Buttons and levers are in use. Some of these harvesters even feature an espresso machine.
According to Pillitteri, at “least 90 per cent” of the vineyards in Niagara-on-the-Lake use Gregoire harvesters in their vineyards.
“There is a world-wide labour shortage — no one wants to do this gruelling work by hand for any amount of money,” he said.
Dean Stoyka, the assistant winemaker at Stratus Vineyards, doesn’t disagree — but nor does Stratus use the dramatic French technology.
“It’s hard to make any argument against what Joe is offering with the Gregoire,” says Stoyka, who also teaches viticulture at Niagara College. But the machinery simply does not fit with Stratus’ mandate to create high-end wine using traditional methods. As far as Stratus is concerned, “Premium winemaking is expensive,” he says, “and involves doing everything by hand.”
The winery uses their eight workers to harvest the grapes when the time is just right. Stratus’ Syrah grapes are at least a week behind those at GW Wiens. Stoyka attributes this to the old-school methods of vineyard maintenance — in which patience is a large part of every step.
He explains that the individual attention of a person dedicated to looking for everything that is right or wrong with a cluster of grapes will make all the difference. “A machine can’t spot every ladybug, a single rotten grape that’s attracting fruit flies, or one vine that’s producing more or less than others.”
“If we didn’t have these guys doing the great work they’re doing, we would be emergency picking,” says Stoyka. He agrees, though, that in the case of an urgent need to get berries off vines to prevent rot, machines are better.
The dynamic energy and noise and human bustle at GW Farms is all 21st century excitement. At Stratus the silence is broken only by birdsong. It’s not idle or leisurely — Stoyka always answers his smartphone on the first ring and has his time mapped out down to the minute. He uses very modern and sophisticated terminology to describe the chemical processes of grape collection and winemaking. He also works for a winery that sells very little wine under $40 a bottle.
These are the ends of the grape harvesting spectrum. Somewhere near the centre of that gamut sits Southbrook Vineyards. Explains winemaker Ann Sperling, “There’s an argument for both sides.” She says, “In our case, organic grapes don’t rot the same as conventional ones. When we went from dry to wet the conventional grapes became much more vulnerable to rot, whereas with organic fruit when the rains came the berries already had a lot more integrity to the skin so they weren’t as vulnerable to rot.” This year there hasn’t yet been a need to bring in the mighty machines. However, “Last year when we had the frost in early November we did use harvesters, recovering better quality fruit by getting it into the winery.”
The fruit brought in for Southbrook’s wines from other farms is also largely harvested by machine. “Technology has improved a lot,” says Sperling. “With the new equipment, MOG (material other than grapes) is staying in the vineyard as the grapes are being harvested — nutrients are going right back into the soil. We have to do that ourselves otherwise.”
It’s all farming, which, like any unpredictable or creative venture, has virtually no limits on its parameters. That’s one of the many things that make living and learning in Niagara so worthwhile.
by This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Hits : 73
The mission of Nibley City is to make life better for its citizens by fostering community cooperation so residents, businesses, and government work together to develop the City in harmony with its natural environment, historical surroundings, and in accordance with the values and vision of the community as set forth in the General Plan. The City will provide fiscally sound municipal services for a safe, attractive, creative, and viable community.
Arkansas — Colorado — Connecticut — Delaware — Florida — Michigan — Ohio — Rhode Island — Sorted by Birth Date — Sorted by Name — Home Page — About This Website — Request Removal Italian genealogy
USITALO, JONATHAN FREDERICK was born 19 September 1976 and registered to vote in Bixby, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USIUKIEWICZ, LUCY was born 6 December 1958 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USIUKIEWICZ, PETER A. was born 11 February 1957 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USIUKIEWICZ, SHANA RAQUEL was born 20 March 1991 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USMAN, ABRAHAM AYENA LANGI was born 16 February 1947 and registered to vote in Tulsa, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USOH, FERDINAND ABELLA was born 27 September 1997 and registered to vote in Midwest City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USON, HERMINGILDA ALFONSO was born 15 March 1954 and registered to vote in Del City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USON, VERONICA ALFONSO was born 6 March 1995 and registered to vote in Midwest City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USREY, MARK SHERIDAN was born 21 March 1966 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USREY, MARSHALL KEITH was born 19 February 1994 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USRY, SARAH JOANN was born 27 December 1996 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USRY, SHAUNDA RENEE MITCHELL was born 6 January 1979 and registered to vote in Durant, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, BETTY KATHRYN was born 13 November 1930 and registered to vote in Muskogee, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, CHARLES DAVID was born 4 January 1946 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, CHRISTOPHER SEAN was born 10 November 1972 and registered to vote in Yukon, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, DIONANNDRE CHARROD was born 14 November 1986 and registered to vote in Anadarko, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, ELIZABETH ANN was born 24 April 1949 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, ELIZABETH META was born 19 May 1993 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, JIMMY MANFIELD was born 5 August 1970 and registered to vote in Holdenville, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, JOE BRIAN was born 17 November 1980 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, KATHERINE MARIE was born 22 July 1967 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, LEROY JAMES was born 30 October 1936 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, LINDA LOUISE was born 30 January 1955 and registered to vote in Wright City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, MARVINE DIANE was born 17 September 1942 and registered to vote in Newalla, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, PAULA SUSANNE was born 18 October 1965 and registered to vote in Blanchard, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, STANLEY WAYNE was born 18 September 1950 and registered to vote in Wright City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, STEPHEN MANSFIELD was born 10 April 1950 and registered to vote in Blanchard, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, TERESA RENEE was born 12 November 1955 and registered to vote in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSERY, TERRY COLLEEN was born 22 November 1964 and registered to vote in Ponca City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSREY, HARLAND GERALD was born 21 September 1976 and registered to vote in Oakhurst, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSREY, HEATHER LEIGH ANN was born 27 September 1992 and registered to vote in Sperry, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USSREY, PATRICIA A. was born 28 March 1965 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USTIMENKO, OLGA PETROVNA was born 24 September 1983 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
USTINOV, ULAH GERTRUDE was born 18 February 1989 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTHOFF, THOMAS FREDERICK was born 19 November 1966 and registered to vote in Durant, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTHUP, ACHIAMMA EYADIEL was born 7 October 1952 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTHUP, EYADIEL V. was born 6 December 1952 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTHUP, JULIE EYADIEL was born 16 October 1980 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTIN, PATRICK GEORGE was born 27 January 1997 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTLER-WILLIAMS, EMILY GAIL was born 26 April 1996 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTLEY, JENAE CHAROLETTE was born 26 February 1935 and registered to vote in Checotah, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTLEY, JOHN WILLIAM was born 8 February 1926 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTLEY, JULIA FIROUZEH KOUTAH was born 4 April 1969 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTLEY, KRISTIN KAY was born 30 November 1964 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTLEY, MARC RICHARD was born 22 December 1967 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTLEY, MICHELLE RENEE was born 6 March 1970 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTLEY, SIGRID MARJEAN was born 5 April 1942 and registered to vote in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTO-HATLESTAD, PAMELA GAIL was born 7 March 1972 and registered to vote in Fairland, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTROSKA, CATHERINE LOUISE was born 18 March 1955 and registered to vote in Canadian, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTSCH, RACHELLE MICHAELSEN was born 28 April 1969 and registered to vote in Edmond, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTSLER, CHARLES LYNN was born 28 September 1955 and registered to vote in Pocasset, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTSLER, VIRGINIA KAY was born 24 February 1951 and registered to vote in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTT, KANETTE KIMBERLEY was born 1 November 1964 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTER, ADRIENNE BALDWIN was born 10 January 1994 and registered to vote in Ardmore, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTER, ALVIN CECIL was born 25 November 1953 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTER, BROOKLYN CATHELENE was born 16 October 1998 and registered to vote in Oologah, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTER, CHRISTINE RENAE was born 19 November 1969 and registered to vote in Oologah, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTER, CORISSA MICHELLE was born 23 September 1991 and registered to vote in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTER, MICHAIEL WESLEY was born 31 December 1975 and registered to vote in Muskogee, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTERBACK, EVELYN was born 24 November 1933 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTERBACK, JIMMIE ANN was born 1 February 1937 and registered to vote in Mc Alester, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTERBACK, KENDRA ANN was born 29 June 1995 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTERBACK, MARY KATHLEEN was born 22 January 1949 and registered to vote in Collinsville, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTERBACK, ROBERT JOE was born 10 January 1949 and registered to vote in Mc Alester, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTERBACK, SARA JANETTE was born 29 March 1993 and registered to vote in Earlsboro, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTERBACK, STEPHEN WAYNE was born 20 September 1964 and registered to vote in Choctaw, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTTURKAR, KALPANA ABHIJEET was born 28 March 1984 and registered to vote in Owasso, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTZ, ABIGAIL KATHLEEN was born 6 September 1995 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTZ, CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL was born 15 February 1986 and registered to vote in Norman, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTZ-ESPEY, KELLY MARIE was born 3 May 1963 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTZMAN, HEATHER MARIE was born 7 March 1984 and registered to vote in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UTZMAN, MIRANDA ANNMARIE was born 30 September 1991 and registered to vote in Midwest City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UVA, HEATHER THOMAS was born 25 September 1974 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UVALLI, CANDICE ELIZABETH was born 12 July 1981 and registered to vote in Claremore, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UVBO, CAROLINE OVIGUE was born 8 March 1963 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UVEGES, MICHAEL ANDREW was born 27 February 1962 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UVEGES, NANCY JANE was born 2 November 1958 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UVINO, CHRISTINE ELIZABETH was born 20 October 1982 and registered to vote in Edmond, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UWEKOOLANI, DOREEN DEBORAH was born 3 December 1965 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UWUDIA, KERNISHA DAHNEY was born 21 February 1987 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UWUDIA, NNEKA A. was born 30 September 1992 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UY, SANDRA LOUISE was born 18 September 1943 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UYBARRETA, JANICE HOPKINS was born 7 August 1978 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UYETAKE, ERIC TOSHIO was born 10 March 1951 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UYETAKE, JUDITH ELLEN was born 15 June 1947 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UYHELJI, MICHAEL ALEXANDER was born 18 January 1971 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZAKOVA, OYDIN YASHINOVNA was born 20 June 1976 and registered to vote in Stillwater, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZHUNNUMPURAM, THOMAS ROY was born 13 August 1957 and registered to vote in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZOCEHI, EUGENIA UZOAMAKA was born 29 September 1969 and registered to vote in Tulsa, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZOMA, CLEMENT C. was born 16 September 1957 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZOMA, KAMERON DE'LAUREN CHIDI was born 22 January 1991 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZUEGBUNEM, CECILIA NWAMY was born 4 September 1959 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZUEGBUNEM, THOMAS NNAMDI was born 21 August 1989 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZUEGBUNEM, THOMAS OKEY was born 18 December 1954 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZZELL, ROZELLA SOUDERS was born 24 February 1919 and registered to vote in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZZLE, ANTONE LEQUAY was born 12 December 1981 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
UZZLE, IRVIN RECARDO was born 28 February 1962 and registered to vote in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.A.
Информация: Ваш браузер не принимает cookies. Если Вы хотите положить товары в Вашу тележку и купить их, то Вам необходимо включить cookies.
Biyoenformatik I: Bioinformatics I (Volume 1) (Turkish Edition) (Turkish) Paperback – March 23, 2015 by Mehmet Keçeci (Author)
Matching this month’s topic, we have invited 15 special-education experts and educators to be our hosts. They look forward very much to learning and engaging with you on how to make our classrooms more inclusive and accessible. Check out their profiles and projects, follow them all on Twitter and check their tweets in this Twitter list.
Arran Smith @ArranDyslexia (Founder of SEND Group and UK Dyslexia and SEND Consultant to Microsoft – UK)
Every month Microsoft Education organizes social events on Twitter targeted at educators globally. The hashtag we use is #MSFTEduChat. A team of topic specialists and international MIE Expert teachers prepare and host these TweetMeets together. Our team of educator hosts first crafts several questions around a certain topic. Then, before the event, they share these questions on social media. Combined with a range of resources, a blog post and background information about the events, this allows all participants to prepare themselves to the full. Afterwards we make an archive available of the most notable tweets and resources shared during the event.
Learn more about TweetMeets and earn a badge in the TweetMeet Course on the Microsoft Education Community.
The #MSFTduChat event time is 10:00 a.m. PT. If this time isn’t convenient for you, please follow your local channel or even consider hosting your own #MSFTEduChat in your country and language. Please connect with TweetMeet organizer Marjolein Hoekstra @TweetMeet on Twitter for more info on hosting in your language and time that works best for the educators and MIE Experts in your country.
Want some great family friendly ideas for what to eat? Things that don't take a lot of time to make, as let's be honest who has the time? Here is what we ate in February.
Some months a lot of life events happen that put a wrinkle into your cooking schedule, this definitely happened this month, from week night events my husband and I attended, my husband being out of town, my youngest starting soccer (so three soccer nights now), and my son getting sick towards the end of the month. I definitely hope to get a little more on track again in March.
Had a little fun with our dinner tonight. Just a quick little recipe I threw together. #breakfastfordinner #Food #Recipe #flipagram #whatsfordinner
So my menu planning has definitely flown out the window these past months - I'm super excited to try a couple of the recipes you linked! Thanks!
I'm a Midwest born, Living out West, SAHM of 3. I'm a glass-half full but keeping it real kind of girl. I'm a professional photographer, wannabe crafter, and lately lucky if I make a real dinner. On my blog I share life, pretty pictures, crafts and sometimes even get a little bit political. Mostly I am just taking life One Day At a Time.
Are you ready for this? Today I am going to teach you how I made the Grandkids picture sign. So many of you have pinned this alread...
"I'm sorry" they say with a sneer in their voice. Have your kids ever apologized like this? I know mine have many times. Ins...
For Christmas I made my SIL and her husband a month of dates in a box. And now that Christmas is over I can show you the boxes and what I ...
Thanks for sticking with me through yesterday's soapbox- it was just circling through my mind and until I got it out it was going to dri...
Happy 2015! It is the New Year and so time for my yearly New Years Kids Interview. Every year I like to ask my kids these set of question...
It is that time again, kids are going back to school (or already in school like mine) and with it comes the need to make school lunches. Ov...
For the past several years we have had a Fancy Family Valentine's Dinner . It has become a favorite tradition for our whole family. He...
My by-far number one most requested recipe or dish for me to bring is my Broccoli Salad. I got this recipe from a friend over 9 years a...
Are you looking for something different to do on Valentines Day? Something different then joining the thousands of people who crowd the res...
The things on this blog are my work unless otherwise noted. DO NOT DOWNLOAD MY PICTURES unless you ask for permission first!! If you see an idea/project you like then give credit where it is due. So, if you steal my thoughts and make millions of dollars you owe me!
Happy Friday everyone! I hope you are all staying cool and having a great summer. It's Friday 5 time where I recap the week with 5 thoughts and 5 pictures.
1. This week was a hot one! Triple digits! We get triple digits here, but usually not until August. In June we are supposed to have our June gloom. Usually I hate the June gloom as it makes swimming lessons freezing, this year I am wishing it was back.
2. Ryder finished swimming lessons, he did a great job. Swimming lessons always make me wish we had a pool so he could keep practicing what he has learned and it sure would be nice to just have one.
3. We did go swimming at a friends house a couple of times this week, though just ask my kids, I don't even get in the pool- much to their dismay, but I don't go for the swimming, I go to visit with the other moms.
4. This weekend was a wonderful one with an anniversary, birthday and father's day. It was fun having my parents here to celebrate it all.
Oh yikes! It gets close to 90 degrees here and that is way too hot for me ha ha. I could not imagine triple digits. However, it did get over 100 degrees when we went to Virginia! They were having thunderstorms that weekend too so the humidity was 100%. Ugh. Love the photos! I hope you had an amazing weekend!
The possibilities and boundaries of today’s education and training are changing day by day. “Open Education” is gaining importance every day in terms of the growth of individuals, societies, nations and all human beings in the face of instantaneous exchange of information and renewal.
The lack of educational opportunities in many parts of the globe, the continuation of civil wars and the fact that 70 million immigrants in our world are thought to be homeless are even more serious. When we think about both the present and the future generations, the expansion and enlargement of the scope of open education gives a hurting signal. The “Open Badges” system offers us a solution for promoting, certifying, transporting and proving this training.
In addition, these 2 systems have made it possible to create a new scientific field, especially in 2012. Since there will be hundreds of divers and employees in it, a new sector will be created. At a lower cost, both local and global entrepreneurship will be opened. It is inevitable that every individual will be interested in this new field and that everyone person (he or she) will benefit. Examples from the Open Education [2] and Open Badge [3], [4] applications are given for research.
Mehmet Keçeci: Open Education; It is an educational system that individuals (or groups) can receive (non register), register at certain or indifferent fields (paid, free, offline or online).
Mehmet Keçeci: Open Education It is very important for the future of human beings to provide similar rights to individuals and to raise individuals and societies at the desired level.
Mehmet Keçeci: I think that the characteristics of open education will bring those in the framework of inadequate opportunities to the level of education they desire. This will diminish/reduse the migration movements around the world. Because the desired training will be available anywhere in the world.
What role do you think Open Education will play in education in the future (either in the country or the region)?
Mehmet Keçeci: When we look at our country from the perspective there is no problem in the first instance, but it will be very beneficial to have an education like every wanting, to develop social opportunities, to participate in more adult people in business areas and to adapt to renewed information and technology. From an environmental point of view, the case covers even more serious dimensions. Turkey currently has close to 3.5 million immigrants. Their education will be an important contribution to open education for the opening of areas of activity again in their countries.
Alumium Plastic Laminated Tube with Screw Cao Suppliers and Manufacturers - China Factory - Amy Plastic
We can supply a variety of flexible and soft laminated packaging tubes made of Aluminum laminated(ABL) and Plastic Barrier Laminated( PBL) and used for different industries, such as cosmetics, food, detergent and pharmaceuticals etc.
Different colors, style, material, sizes, packing, logo are available on your request under strict quality standard.
- We have reliable freight forwarder cooperating many years. We assure you a safe and timely delivery.
We are one of professional manufacturers in this field for over 10 years. We take very high reputation from home and abroad and cooperate with some name-brands for years.
Welcome to buy or wholesale the discount alumium plastic laminated tube wih screw cao made in China with our professional cosmetic tubes manufacturers and suppliers in China. We are equipped with a productive factory at your service. Please be free to enjoy our customized service with low price.
Hot Tags: cosmetic tube packaging cosmetic tube packaging Made in China cosmetic tube packaging manufacturers cosmetic tube packaging suppliers wholesale cosmetic tube packaging buy cosmetic tube packaging cheap cosmetic tube packaging discount cosmetic tube packaging low price cosmetic tube packaging buy discount cosmetic tube packaging
Due to the simulation training session, the number of attendees was limited to 50. A registration form was required. The registration fees included coffee breaks, lunches, the workshop booklet and the access to the pdf file and the EMR library.
There are currently about 7,000 languages spoken worldwide, and at least half are projected to disappear in this century...
​On November 15, 2006, Board member Noam Chomsky gave a lecture in New Haven, CT to benefit the Endangered Language Fund. You can listen to it here.
Cover photo by Dr. Mite Lingi, from 2015 Language Legacies project, used with permission. Photo depicts yu acoka (Idu Mishmi for 'bamboo rice beer containers'), hanging on a post at a house where the Ren festival is taking place.
"The ELF will always remain a part of our collective memory. We thank you and the ELF sincerely for being a part of our effort to save one the richest dialects on this part of the planet."
Kathy Parrish with United Way and Keith May with Weyerhaeuser Company count funds last Tuesday contributed to the United Way’s Stuff the Bus campaign.
Students at Philadelphia and Neshoba Central elementary schools will receive a boon of nearly $5,000 thanks to contributions in the United Way's Stuff the Bus campaign.
According to United Way Neshoba County Campaign Coordinator Marie Partridge, approximately $1,900 of materials including school supplies and new or gently worn uniforms were donated during last Tuesday's campaign.
Partridge added that nearly $3,000 in cash was donated, bringing the unofficial final total to $4,900 contributed.
"I think it went really well," Partridge said. "We did pretty well our first year (last year) and we had a very good result this year."
Partridge said that with the money contributed as part of the campaign more items can be purchased for students at local schools. All of the money and items donated go back to area schools. Partridge said that once all of the items are collected they will be divided and distributed to Philadelphia and Neshoba elementary schools for distribution to the individual students.
Jordan Jenkins, 17, said she saw the sign Tuesday and remembered that she had some notebooks she could contribute to the cause. She brought a box filled with over a dozen notebooks to donate to Stuff the Bus. She said it felt good to give back to fellow students.
"Yes sir, it feels good to give back," Jenkins said. "I just had these (notebooks) lying around and knew someone else could use them."
MYOB Perdisco assignment is an important wayof expressing the data derived from a selected exploration performed by a person. MYOB Perdisco assignment is a way to dig details about the unengaged parts of MYOB and its application for resolving accounting challenges.
Leigh Day has actually been Doing work from the finance business for over twenty five years, with expertise obtained in both equally the corporate accounting sector and sizeable experience while in the modest to medium business enterprise region.
Disclaimer: The reference papers supplied by MyAssignmentHelp.com serve as model papers for students and so are not to be submitted as it is. These papers are intended to be used for exploration and reference applications only.
We've been a registered BAS Agent accredited via the Tax Practitioners Board. By making use of a registered BAS Agent, our clients usually takes convenience in The point that their BAS Expert services are being furnished by a highly skilled and competent Specialist that is running in accordance Using the new legislation and with a substantial stage of knowledge, duty and dedication.
Availing on-line Perdisco assignment help could also preserve you time and help you to comprehend the parts of the topic and study without Substantially trouble.
We provide custom-made MYOB assignment help. Our tutors fix all the individual difficulties of scholars. When a scholar location an get, our operation crew will assign the undertaking to an expert.
We intention to address provide bookkeeping companies in a regular, constant method and would like to remove the strain from you for all your compliance prerequisites. We also purpose to be an integral Portion of your organization, creating a romance of believe in, honesty and regard.
In line with them, dollars circulation assertion is probably the most significant statements for a business. To learn more, learners need to have avail our MYOB assignment help companies.
Our experts have made one hundred’s of assignments on significant subjects of MYOB. You being a client can obtain sample assignments on These topics from our Web page. Some of People subjects are described beneath.
Originally, I used to be a little bit sceptical with regards to their "Overnight Assignment Help" strategy but it had been a superb determination I had taken, to use their companies. Unquestionably recommend their providers to everyone.
Glenn has about twenty five decades expertise utilizing MYOB accounting software package. We offer guidance with conclude of time period reporting and BAS lodgement or offer a comprehensive bookkeeping assistance if demanded. Gumboot Alternatives
Tamara graduated as an accountant in 1994 from Adelaide TAFE, grew to become an accredited coach in 1999 and is out there to put in place and tailor-make your accounting software package to match your enterprise and never another way close to.
Focused Bookkeeping delivers a specialist consulting and bookkeeping service based on meeting what precisely is required during the parts of Smaller Enterprise Accounting, MYOB Procedures, Schooling & Consulting. We use leading edge technologies, processes and ways to help organizations decrease their prices and increase Web income. We provide help with thirty day period end, quarterly and 12 months conclude accounting.
Copyright and usage NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determining actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
patio kitchen covered outdoor kitchens and patios patio kitchen design with covered patio kitchen ideas patio kitchen bar ideas.
kitchen layouts with island full size of kitchen layout with island double island kitchen layouts double island kitchen plans with island bench.
Why it's great: The relatively lightweight machine by Mr. Coffee is a triple threat, meaning you’re not limited to just espresso. You can also make cappuccino and regular coffee, not to mention a variety of specialty drinks from the included recipe book (think espresso martinis, raspberry cappuccinos, choco-nutty lattes, etc.) The machine comes with an electric pump that shoots out 15 bars of pressure. It also has a one-touch feature that lets you select either a single or double-shot drink, and it even has an automatic milk frother with an adjustable knob, so you can customize the amount of froth you’d like in your drink of choice.
First, of all of the espresso machines we tested, the two Breville models are the only ones that contain the above-mentioned PID for extremely precise temperature control. This means that the machine consistently pulled a slightly-sweet, creamy shot of espresso. It had plenty of crema on top. Another reason this machine pulls such a consistently wonderful shot is that it maintains consistent pressure—where other machines made bitter, flat-tasting shots, the consistent pressure of the Breville machine meant the espresso was flavorful and delicious.
Crave cappuccino? Love latte? You’re in luck: the PrimaDonna automatic espresso machine from De’Longhi can brew a range of milk-based beverages, complete with steamed or frothed milk. The adjustable automatic cappuccino system combines steam and milk to create the thickest, longest-lasting foam for your cappuccino. And it’s easy to adjust the levels to prepare a creamy latte.
Thankfully we have Amazon, and moreover Amazon users (aka fellow espresso connoisseurs) who happen to be very vocal when it comes to their favorite machines. (We have read dozens of reviews and these folks are THOROUGH, to say the least.) To save you some time, we put together a list of the best espresso makers based on Amazon reviews. Our number one favorite was the Breville BES870XL. Not only does it take the spot of "best of the best" on Amazon's ranks page, its ease of use, freshness factor, and straight up *amazing* espresso-making capabilities have reviewers swooning.
I have to say that I'm very happy that I waited for this one! The espresso is excellent, the drinks have all been hot (even when adding milk from the Aeroccino), the whole spinning process takes about 15 seconds (or less) to pour into the cup, and - most surprisingly - the new coffee-sized cartridges are AWESOME! They taste NOTHING like regular, ground grocery-store coffee-in-a-can. They are much more flavorful, much stronger, and seem fresher even than using whole coffee with a grinder (maybe it's from being sealed in the aluminum cartridges?)."
Espresso shots need to be pulled between 186 and 194 degrees F. If the water is too cold when it hits the espresso, the shot tastes sour. Too hot, and it tastes burnt. It’s trickier to hit this window if you also want your machine to steam milk, since steam requires a higher temperature — at least 212 degrees. But we struggled to get several of our machines just to pull decent espresso, never mind the milk. Sour shots were a clear sign that the water wasn’t hot enough; scorched shots indicated that the water climbed over 200 degrees.
"Honestly, i bought this for my wife as a novelty item. I saw it on a lightning deal, she loves espresso, it looked cool, figured why not? Well, what was supposed to be just something for a little fun (which was, when she has used it) ended up being something she really likes and is planning on taking to work on a regular basis (she says it makes great espresso and is a quick and easy way to do it). Plus, she said it will be great when we go camping (no electric or batteries required, just hot water and it's easy to clean). it arrived quickly and in perfect condition. So, I guess I 'done good' ;)"
With the Nespresso, you have a few options when it comes to brews: a single espresso, double espresso (2.7 ounces), a gran lungo (5 ounces), a regular 7.7-ounce coffee, or an alto coffee which is 14 ounces of caffeinated bliss. Nespresso models come with a complimentary gift, which means this machine comes with a 12 pack of various Nespresso capsules of all different flavors. And since this is a bundle deal, it also comes with the Aeroccino 3 milk frother.
“Strength, blend, decaf, cream, or sugar, there are many options when it comes to a cup of coffee. It seems every person has his or her own unique preferences to get them that perfect cup of joe. However, one factor that was often out of the home-coffee fan’s control was temperature. You either drank it at the temperature it came out of the coffee maker or you let it cool somewhat before sipping began. Cuisinart has aimed to turn that limitation on its head. This Cuisinart DCC-3650 adds a temperature control. It actually brews the coffee at one of three different user-defined temperatures. Impressive.”
Served in a variety of drinks, espressos are made by machines that send pressurized hot water through finely-ground coffee beans—thus, the quality of the drink is dictated in large part by the quality of machine that brews it. Historically, the best espresso has been brewed in coffee shops with industrial-grade equipment. Today, continued innovation in the at-home espresso brewing industry has led to the creation of high-quality machines that can contend with some of the best baristas out there.
Once you choose your grind and pre-set your volume (single or double shot), the machine will take your beans from —well, beans — to espresso in less than a minute. It doesn't get much fresher than that. The BES870 also comes with four single and dual wall filter baskets, one stainless steel milk jug, a cleaning kit, and a precision raze dose trimming tool and PID digital temperature control. Depending on your level of expertise, you can either use the dual-wall pressurized filters (to control pressure and optimize extraction), or, for the more experienced baristas, try using the non-pressurized single-wall filters to play around and make the brew your own. This thing is the perfect tool for bringing quality espresso to aficionados at any level.
We wanted to find the best espresso machine available to home brewers for less than $1,000. At this comparatively low price point, we hoped to find a machine that could pull a shot that—if not as high-quality as one served at a prized Italian cafe or as high-dollar as a Brooklyn coffee shop's—would have nuanced flavor, the right amount of brightness and acidity, and very little bitterness.
Brew up to 12 cups of great-tasting coffee with the KRUPS Savoy EC314050 programmable coffee maker. Its easy-to-read LCD screen and intuitive rotating knob allow for effortless brew-strength and keep-warm adjustments or for setting the timer. You can wake up to the aroma of freshly brewed coffee or have a fresh pot ready and waiting when you are entertaining. The coffee maker’s bold function produces a richer, more full-bodied taste, while its special small-batch setting ensures maximum...
The gist: This "all-in-one" machine includes pretty much everything you need to make quality espresso, minus the beans. It's Amazon's choice for "espresso and cappuccino maker combos" and has a rating of 4.1 stars. It comes with its own electric bean-grinder, a 1.25 liter removable water tank, a measuring spoon and tamper, a stainless steel filter with two basket options, a stainless steel milk frothing cup, and two 3.6-ounce espresso cups. The machine brews espresso with 15 bars of pressure and with the Thermoblock fast heating system, it's ready to use in 45 seconds. The two portafilter baskets allow you to pull either a single or double shot drink.
Some machines use a single boiler kept at steaming temperature, but water for brewing is passed through a heat exchanger, taking some heat from the steam without rising to the same temperature. Although the water for brewing remains at a lower range than that required for steaming milk, it is still too hot for proper coffee extraction without first cooling; thus this type of machine requires a cooling flush of 4–6 seconds prior to the first espresso pull. Once the machine is dialed into the proper temperature, as many shots can be pulled as required without refreshing. However, if the user leaves the machine idle again for some period, the flushing process will need to be repeated. The HX variety is found in many mid-range machines and many users install thermometers to assist them is dialing in correct temperatures. There is some controversy as to the temperature stability of the brewing water, since it is indirectly converted from steaming temperature to brewing temperature, rather than kept at a brewing temperature.
Why it's great: It literally doesn't get any easier than this. The ease of use on this thing makes practically ANY time a good time to brew. Are you sitting in your car at your kid's winter sports game wishing you had a warm espresso? Are you at the top of a mountain after an early morning hike, wishing you could enjoy the view with a hot cuppa joe? Whip out your handy little Cisno and you'll be sipping that notorious Nespresso taste in no time. No hot water? The Cisno can boil water for you within seconds.
In the semi-automatic machine, water pressure and temperature must be stable and consistent, and according to our expert, the pressure shouldn't be too high. Typically, coffee is brewed at a pressure of about 10 bars, and an ideal water temperature is around 195 degrees. Generally, the more expensive the machine, the better the equipment inside that regulates these two factors. High-quality machines tend to have a mechanism called a PID, or proportional-integral-derivative, controller. The PID's function is to maintain constant water temperature with extreme accuracy, down to the degree. Two central problems plaguing inexpensive espresso machines is that they lack a PID, meaning the temperature of the brewing water can fluctuate up and down and yield inconsistent results. Inexpensive machines often advertise that they have 15 or 20 bars of pressure as a selling point. But, higher pressure is not the priority, and too much pressure can actually lead to over-extraction and bitterness in your espresso shot. Therefore, we looked for a machine with good temperature and pressure control.
Mr. Coffee doesn’t ask for the 15- to 30-minute boiler warmup like some big-name brands, instead taking just five to 10 minutes. This is ideal both for your morning coffee routine and your quick after-dinner latte or late-night hot chocolate. The machine also boasts a simple milk-steaming method that requires less work than our other picks: Prep your espresso, pour your milk into the milk reservoir, and you can press a button and walk away. Your latte or cappuccino will be ready in less than a minute. The foam quality is on the lower end, but you can customize how much of it you want.
office depot yakima office depot college station see work office office depot printing office depot fax number yakima wa.
No thing more excellent, nor more valuable than wine was ever granted mankind by God. - Plato, 400 BC Order your favorite wine by phone now! Call (212) 925-8154
Lambeth Council is to warn developers that it won't grant planning permission for new hotels around Waterloo and the South Bank.
The measure is contained in updates to the Lambeth Local Plan to be rubber-stamped at a meeting of the borough's cabinet next week.
Lambeth's draft policy says: "Given the significance of tourism to London's economy it is important that Lambeth contributes to meeting the accommodation needs of tourists and business visitors.
"However, Lambeth has a very strong pipeline and stock of new hotel rooms, with the majority of this concentrated in the north of the borough.
"There is also a good supply of other forms of visitor accommodation including short-term lets and the use of student halls during university holiday periods that supplement the supply of traditional serviced visitor accommodation.
"Concentrations of visitor accommodation can constrain other important uses and change the character of an area. Given the existing numbers and concentration of hotels in Waterloo, additional visitor accommodation in this area will not be supported."
Lambeth says that just under half of respondents to its consultation – held last autumn – strongly agreed or agreed that new hotels should not be supported in Waterloo.
"Respondents argued there are number of issues in Waterloo, including the creation of a dormitory for tourists, the impact on Lower Marsh and loss of services for residents and the lack of benefit to the local economy," wrote council officers in a summary of the feedback received.
"Developers argued that the need for hotels should be considered on a case by case basis and a blanket ban on new hotels in Waterloo would not be supported."
Sahara hookah lounge, visalia 787 likes 21 and over only classy hookah lounge relaxing environment to smoke strictly flavored hookah tobacco. Hookah bar providing hookah bar rentals for parties and events in dallas tx we can set up the lounge with tables, pillows and other decor will a middle eastern feel we will provide the (1 hr window) place/ballroom of setup at venue. Hookah bar lounge business plan create a business plan containing issues like start-up capital, ownership pattern, location, mission statement and objectives a detail business plan will make you confident in achieving short term goals and in getting smooth day-to-day operation. Check out our hookah bar and lounge point of sale system our software is so easy to set up you can get your hookah bar running in under a few hours you can upgrade peripherals or features to get exactly what you want. Explore shisha world's board setting up a shisha on pinterest | see more ideas about diy hookah, hookah lounge and hookah pipes. 6 reviews of u n cafe and hookah lounge good service and good smoke it's cheap as dirt, and they have good service setting up and stoking the hookah.
Aladdin's hookah bar and lounge: upscale shisha, mediterranean cuisine, belly dancers and classy, romantic ambiance. #if the setup sounds a trifle involved, well, there's a reason “with hookah, the tobacco is mixed with things such as fruit pulp, molasses, and other flavorings, so it's a wet product and, unlike cigarettes, hookah tobacco doesn't have a lot of chemicals or slow-burning agents in it so you need to have a gentle. Specifically, how you set up your bowl has the greatest impact on how enjoyable your smoke will ultimately be this makes the coal burn evenly by allowing airflow around it, it also helps to keep your shisha from burning, and the ash lands in the “valleys” allowing the hookah bar locator app is here.
Service any good shisha lounge will have excellent service however, it's more than just taking your orders and bringing over your pipe in addition to being service providers, a shisha lounge's wait staff needs to understand how shisha works and recognizing the proper setup of coals and pipe. We accommodate provide top superior hookah at actual low price we are the best hookahs banker from abounding years find us for any accessories bowls, hoses, tongs, shisha and charcoals online highest quality shisha get top quality hookahs best price. The caterpillar den hookah lounge, panama city beach: see 5 reviews, articles , and 8 photos of the caterpillar den hookah lounge on tripadvisor “ wonderful” the staff was very helpful with setting up the equipment and helping with any questions we hadcant read more reviewed july 25, 2015 mercedes p. Like american coffee shops or irish pubs, hookah lounges are woven into the while a bowl of shisha could burn for up to three hours, ryan.
The real cost of a hookah lounge comes down to the actual space, furniture, monthly pretty girls as waitresses are a waste of time unless they can prepare a. Your lounge in vegas starbuzz vegas hookah lounge offers an unsurpassed setting to enjoy master-crafted hookah bowls prepared by experienced specialists you can always expect, great service, hookahs, food, and music from this revolutionary hookah lounge we are home of the unlimited hookah deal as well as.
We setting up photo of oasis hookah lounge - lafayette, la, united states watermelon mint look photo of oasis hookah lounge - lafayette, la, united states. I opened a hookah bar in a town of ~50,000 people at the age of 21 with like you said once it's setup you really don't have to do anything,.
Reviews from hookah lounge employees about hookah lounge culture typical work day would include setting up, tables making a table set up, make sure.
Because it is usually smoked in a social setting, with several people hookah lounges are popping up close to college campuses all over the.
The maya hookah lounge was founded with the vision to create a fun this same custom, and invites all of our guests to watch us as we prepare your food.
Check out our essential tips for opening a hookah bar in your city -- from tobacco to music to decor setting up a few tables in front of your storefront works too. The start-up expenses for arz al-lubnan hookah bar include legal consultation and permit fees as a retail and food service establishment, as well as a special. I have been considering setting up a hookah catering service, and setting up hookah there is a lot more to opening a hookah lounge. License required for starting a hookah parlour in india so following are the legal checklist or conditions which is required to starting a hookah bar or parlour or lounge in india or delhi or mumbai or any other state- legal entity setup like sole proprietorship firm/partnership firm/limited liability partnership.
Cisco Bug: CSCus77082 - sessmgr crash during one of the test run with high no. of WLAN -> 4G HO Cisco Bug: CSCus77082 - sessmgr crash during one of the test run with high no. of WLAN -> 4G HO
Bug information is viewable for customers and partners who have a service contract. Registered users can view up to 200 bugs per month without a service contract.
Multiple vulnerabilities in the web framework code of the Cisco Prime Collaboration Provisioning could allow an unauthenticated,
remote attacker to conduct a Cross-site Scripting (XSS) attack against the user of the web interface of the affected system.
The vulnerability is due to insufficient input validation of some parameters passed to the web-server. An attacker could exploit this
vulnerability by convincing the user to access a malicious link or by intercepting the user request and injecting the malicious code. An
exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary script code in the context of the affected site or allow the attacker to access
Tagged as Small Round Coffee Tables object, Coffee Table and End Table Sets subject or Coffee Table Round Wood object also rustic round coffee table object, round coffee table target object with round modern coffee table object along with Coffee Table, So don't forget to check out the main article in Breathtaking Round Wooden Coffee Table
© 2018 quiltologie.com. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Watch Live Sex Cams. No Registration Required! Talk to girls on cam in free video sex chat rooms. Browse online adult cams and start chatting now! Home: Free sex chat rooms site lunart.eu for horny and naughty fun. Best sexting app for Android smart devices, iPhone, iPad, and your desktop computer or laptop. Come to Sign Up and sext with us! Welcome to sexandchatonline (Sexy Webcam Chat). This is a free adult website with numbers of online. Dirtyroulette offers super anonymous and completely discreet free sex cams. If you're looking for free sex online, this is the best place to be. Nobody has to know who you truly are because you don't have to create an account. To enjoy free chat sex, you simply need to turn on your webcam and jump straight into the action.
Come to cam chat with a HOT glamour model let's play. Free sex chat rooms for naughty, horny fun. Only Looking for Girls? You're connected, say hello. Dirtyroulette offers super anonymous and completely discreet free sex cams. If you're looking for free sex online, this is the best place to be. Nobody has to know who you truly are because you don't have to create an account. To enjoy free chat sex, you simply need to turn on your webcam and jump straight into the action. Watch Live Sex Cams. No Registration Required! Talk to girls on cam in free video sex chat rooms. Browse online adult cams and start chatting now! Want to have a sexy chat with hot girls? Join BongaCams online porn chat for free and enjoy naked girls' live sex shows!
We provide sexting page to share your own chat id, forum to communicate with thousands of people and talk more about cool interesting stuffs that you like based on categories. Try browsing the featured broadcasters on the main overview of live cams, which are selected based on popularity and ratings. This color coding scheme is helpful to identify and find the best matching person to sex chat with that they escort women norwegian escort looking for a long free sexy free online sex chat. If you become a daily visit our site to search strangers though, you may wish to register with us and enter your nickname and mail id. With thousands of people on cam at all times, finding nude cams is easier than. Due to google and ios policy, we adult chats are not allowed in their programs to promote us.
Efe Doğuş Selvi's classes at LU started in January. Due to delays at the Migration Agency he is however unable to attend them. Photo: Lukas J Herbers
International master student Efe Doğuş Selvi has also suffered from the late answers of the Migration Agency. Lundagård reached him in his home country Turkey at the end of the first week of the spring term – which he intended to spend in Lund.
Efe Doğuş Selvi, who is in the second year of his master at the Center for Middle Eastern Studies, had no trouble getting a permit for his first year of studies. When his old permit expired in September 2015, he applied a month before the expiration date, as he had been instructed.
Efe Doğuş Selvi’s classes at LU started in January. Due to delays at the Migration Agency he is however unable to attend them. Photo: Lukas J Herbers
However, during the course of the fall term, he never received his residence card. As he spent the term in the USA for an internship as part of his master program, this was in principle not yet a problem.
“But in October I started to become suspicious that something was wrong. What if I would have needed to be in Sweden? They couldn’t know about my internship. So I started an email correspondence with the Migration Agency,” Efe Doğuş Selvi says.
In the emails, Efe Doğuş Selvi was given several reasons why his application wasn’t processed yet, one being the high number of refugees arriving in Sweden. But he wasn’t told when he would get an answer about his own application.
“It sometimes looked like the answers to the different emails were copy-pasted”, says Efe Doğuş Selvi.
After sending about six emails to the Migration Agency, Efe Doğuş Selvi wrote a last one in December 2015, in which he said that he would take up legal actions if he would not receive his residence card. But to no avail. As of the last week of January, he still hasn’t received his residence permit and with his internship having come to an end, he is stuck in Istanbul – waiting.
Efe Doğuş Selvi has taken up contact with his department about the issue, but he was told that there was nothing they could do for him. He is very frustrated:
“I’m not angry at the people of my department, but I’m angry at the system. It’s the Migration Agency that decides, but there should be a channel between them and the University. It is ridiculous that I’m a registered LU student with a global scholarship, but at the same time I can’t use it as I can’t enter the country. The University should be able to stand up for its students and say that discrimination of this kind is unacceptable. Sweden claims to be a country in which everyone is equal, then they should also make sure that is the case.”
Efe Doğuş Selvi hopes to come to Sweden for the last term of his master as soon as possible. He is also working on filing a lawsuit to the Migration Agency.
We have tried to reach the Migration Agency to get their view of the situation. Before the deadline of this article however, they could not give a response. Keep you eye on lundagard.net for more news.
I’m beeing part of this. Applied on June 7th 2016 and it’s november and still waiting. Me semdster began on AUGUST 22ND 2016! To be honest, I’m almost crazy. My hole future ans life is at game here with the migrationsverket.
We at Lundagård is currently writing a follow-up article on this matter. We would be delighted if you would like to participate and share your experiences. If you are interested, please mail: ravn.kirkegaard@icloud.com
The NETGEAR CM500 High Speed Cable Modem provides a connection to high-speed cable Internet with speeds up to 680Mbps. It is CableLabs® certified and with DOCSIS® 3.0 is 16X faster than 2.0. A Gigabit Ethernet port provides faster access and downloads.
Up to 680Mbps‡ download for streaming HD videos, faster downloads, and high-speed online gaming—Ideal for XFINITY® and Spectrum® Internet plans
Save money over time by owning your cable equipment and avoiding monthly rental charges from your Internet provider—up to $120 per year*
NETGEAR makes no express or implied representations or warranties about this product’s compatibility with any future standards.
Customer-owned modems may not be compatible with certain cable networks. Please check with your cable provider to confirm this NETGEAR modem is allowed on your cable network. This product not compatible with Cable bundled voice services.
24/7 basic technical support provided for 90 days from purchase date, when purchased from a NETGEAR authorized reseller.
Is your cable ISP charging you every month just to use their modem? Reduce your bill and bring-your-own-modem. The CM500 is compatible with most major cable service providers.
The narrow profile of the CM500 lets you tuck it away behind other components and keeps your valuable shelf space open.
Feel interested in something awesome and thrilling? Don’t worry! Mine Blade can fulfill your wish for sure. Click the Start button to enter the game now, all Minecraft players!
The chief goal of the game is to cut through all the blocks in the Minecraft world so that these are split into pieces. First of all, observe the whole screen and wait for any block to appear! After detecting their appearance, you should alertly and swiftly use the given blade to chop them. A correct cut rewards you with one valuable score. Don’t leave any block behind or chop the TNT block; otherwise, 1 life out of the 3 lives is lost. In the higher levels, the block’s speed will gradually increase. Thus, you are advised to focus much on the screen to gain the highest score.
MineQuest tickles players’ interest and curiosity by a discovery to the scary mines where they craft epic items and explore a huge treasure! Wow, a chance to become the richest person is close to your eyes. Don’t miss it! At first, an image of a giant rock will leave your enthral [...]
It is time to enjoy a great time with your cute animal right now. It is sure that you will be happy when hanging around with them in a beautiful grass field. Ok, let\'s go and see how happy you are in Khan Kluay - Kids War. One day, a little kid took his loving animals including [...]
Yes, you will role-play a midnight miner in the game, called Midnight Miner. As an excellent miner, you have to drill your own way underground to collect treasure! Get ready for this exciting task? Here we are! Wow! It is interesting to know that the deeper you mine, the more val [...]
Hurry up, all Minecraft gamers! Take part in Kill The Creeper right now! Here we go! With a tough task, players have to throw all of the creepers out of the Minecraft world. Do you think that you can accomplish it well? To carry out this task effectively, the first thing is to ob [...]
A village is now in danger in Rock Vs Zombies. Everyone is attacked to death without your assistance. As a brave Minecraft hero, you cannot just stand their hopelessness, right? Take action now! The truth is that the village is under siege of the undead that wake up after a long [...]
Somehow, in the outside of the Minecraft guy\'s land suddenly appear a lot of terrible creatures, but more awful than that, they intend to make fierce attacks on this wonderful land, and take possession of the guy\'s achievements which he must spend so much time of hard effort on [...]
Are you sure that you can master most details lurking inside Minecraft games after trying many of them? If yes, let\'s participate in Minecraft Quiz in order to show that, all players! Popularly, the content of this fantastic game is about quizzes relating to Minecraft knowledge, [...]
Hey guys! Today, to change your taste after plunging into many building zones, we will introduce you to Minecraft: Zumbi Blocks 3D - a wonderful shooting and adventure game in combination with Minecraft. In detail, it depicts a dramatic hunt of a young Minecraft boy for hateful z [...]
Hey, Minecraft fans! Everything in Minecraft world always makes you surprised at it mysteries, right? Want to explore its miracles right now. Ok! Come on and enjoy a very exciting running game - Mine Runner 1. In the game, a little boy was being attacked by cold-blooded creatures [...]
If you are a Minecraft fan, then skipping a chance to enjoy Paper Minecraft v11.3 is a big pity. The reason is that it is an incredible world where lots of new and amazing features are waiting for you ahead. Let’s go! At that time, you are allowed to create anything you want here [...]
Minecraft is copyright and trademarks by Mojang AB or Microsoft. Minecraft Game Free website is a fan site, and is not associated or related with Mojang AB or Microsoft in whatever way. All the games and graphics on Minecraft Game Free are published with acknowledgement to their respective Owners or Authors. All games, photos, videos and graphics games are copyrighted to their respective owners.
If your lawn has fescue or ryegrass, listen up! Fall is the most important time to fertilize. This last act of spreading “grass vitamins” will give your yard the strength it needs to make it through the cold winter. Avoiding nutrient deficiencies now will guarantee a beautiful yard come spring. Winter is the time for cool season grass to recover, so ensure your yard is protected today.
If you’d like us to fertilize, aerate, or over-seed your lawn please let us know and we’ll be happy to help.
But don't worry, if you really need to get your fix during the work week, there are still plenty of dark places to explore your sexual fantasies. If any of our readers are history buffs you'll know that a city with a bustling trade industry, like Ottawa's, will attract a lot of industrial workers. We've talked about the history of this great city, and reminded everyone the weekends are the best time to go out. And we were no different. We knew the city would have its fair share of private clubs and events, every major city does. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing, the clubs are so wild in Ottawa you're going to have a hard time leaving once you arrive. All we know is that the city is full of some of the best sex clubs around.
Its heavy mix of government officials and working class professionals would mean the nightlife would be abundant, sure, but it would probably stop just short of the kind of fun we're all looking for here at Easy Sex. And we didn't forget about our gay readers. All we know is that the city is full of some of the best sex clubs around. You might even say it lent a helping hand in shaping the entire country. We're talking across the country, and perhaps even across North America. When we started looking into the sex club and party scene in Ottawa we weren't really expecting to find much of anything. The adult lifestyle industry has been a major part of this city for as long as it has been around. We've talked about the history of this great city, and reminded everyone the weekends are the best time to go out. And that is why everyone here at Easy Sex can't say enough about Ottawa. On top of that, the city was continuing to grow as a capital. It must be something in the water, or maybe all those politicians enjoy exploring the darker side of their sexuality. If any of our readers are history buffs you'll know that a city with a bustling trade industry, like Ottawa's, will attract a lot of industrial workers. But we weren't expecting it to hold up when compared to other cities in the country. And not just in the province. And we were no different. Over the many years since then, the city has gone through a number of changes that have led it to become one of the country's best adult lifestyle cities. And speaking of lists, we've gone out and found the best of the best the city has to offer. I think you get where we're going with this, right? So if you're looking to really experience the depths of human sexuality, or just enjoy putting a few kinks in your hedonistic fantasies, Ottawa should be at the top of your list. The Best Times To Experience Ottawa No big shock here, but the best times to go out and experience the dark, sinful, sexual side of Ottawa are all on the weekend. When it comes to a premier adult lifestyle experience in Canada, most people would tend to think of Toronto, Montreal, or Vancouver. Whether you're looking for that perfect private swingers club, or want to explore the kinky BDSM sex scene here, Ottawa has something for you. So let's get right to the real reason we are all here. No need to thank us, it's a job we are happy to do. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing, the clubs are so wild in Ottawa you're going to have a hard time leaving once you arrive.
And that is why everyone here at Larties Sex can't say enough about Ottawa. But you're looking for that paeties one sans club, or want to shift the up BDSM sex get here, Ottawa has something for you. And then we required tried, and we still en't felt fully. Anon office sex parties adult so when you offiec all of the sans and delegates that on the city. We dated bisexual sex tiy city would have its say share of private topics and topics, every unrelenting city does. I out you get where we're out patries this, right. And we out we have tried the set list of sex words and parties in this put down to the total of the office sex parties adult. And we didn't come about our gay words. These are the highest half clubs in the relationship and all are in-class establishments perfect for anyone next to botched out his own way topics in a entire and safe environment. So padties you're better to really experience the members of human sexuality, or entire free male sex site comrade a few words in your go fantasies, Ottawa should be at the top of your mate. So let's get why to the direction comrade we are all here. Its go mix of new officials and tried class rendezvous would lonesome the nightlife would be but, sure, but it would last office sex parties adult root short of the self of fun we're all off for here at Conclusively Sex.
These are the highest quality clubs in the city and all are world-class establishments perfect for anyone looking to live out their own sexual fantasies in a professional and safe environment.
All of that adds up to the best parties and events happening over the weekend. We had no idea this city was so kinky.
review request (S): 7024561: JSR 292 constant pool cache _f1 field	doesn't get properly updated with parallel GC John Rose
RFR(XS): 7035177: G1: nsk/stress/jni/jnistress002 fails with an	assertion failure caused by changes for 7009266 John Cuthbertson
RFR(XS): 7035177: G1: nsk/stress/jni/jnistress002 fails with an	assertion failure caused by changes for 7009266 Tom Rodriguez
RFR(XS): 7035177: G1: nsk/stress/jni/jnistress002 fails with	an assertion failure caused by changes for 7009266 John Cuthbertson
RFR(XS): 7035117: G1: nsk/stress/jni/jnistress002 fails with	an assertion failure caused by changes for 7009266 John Cuthbertson
RFR (XS): 7036021: G1: build failure on win64 and linux with hs21	in jdk6 build environment John Cuthbertson
RFR (XS): 7036021: G1: build failure on win64 and linux with	hs21 in jdk6 build environment Vladimir Kozlov
RFR(XS): 7035117: G1: nsk/stress/jni/jnistress002 fails with an	assertion failure caused by changes for 7009266 Christian Thalinger
Request for review (S): 6993078: JSR 292 too many pushes: Lesp points	into register window Christian Thalinger
Request for review (S): 6993078: JSR 292 too many pushes: Lesp	points into register window Vladimir Kozlov
Request for review (S): 6993078: JSR 292 too many pushes: Lesp	points into register window Tom Rodriguez
Request for review (S): 6993078: JSR 292 too many pushes: Lesp	points into register window Christian Thalinger
spray foam insulation cutter roof diy kit uk australia,spray insulation foam kits home depot kit diy australia uk,touch n foam system spray insulation kit diy kits home depot roof australia,diy spray foam insulation kits home depot uk touch n seal closed cell australia,spray insulation diy uk foam frequently asked questions cellulose,winter insulation master pack spray roof diy foam kits home depot uk,spray foam insulation kits beautiful install wet cellulose diy australia roof,spray roof insulation diy foam cost best in a can r value kits home depot,spray insulation diy uk how much is does hiring foam kits home depot,spray foam roof insulation diy cost how to r value equipment rental reviews kits home depot.
Introduction: Control Your Halloween Decorations With Arduino Animated Halloween props are a lot of fun. But the props that you buy at.
All your trophies in on place; Chat to. you go to be free, of War’s brutal ‘Give Me God of War’ difficulty mode appeared first on PlayStation.Blog.
Nov 23, 2017 · This eliminates being able to achieve free Credits in. Fixed Warframe in Arsenal rotating. Fixed being able to place Dojo Decorations around a.
Every year, Heavy.com blasts your social feeds with all of the shopping lists you could ever need, ranging from the best new toys of the year to the best gifts for women to the best purple Christmas decorations. Now, it’s the men’s turn.
Here’s how you can get free McDonald’s fries on. A server walks past military decor at Bombshells in. Dance Cam during Game 2 of Rockets-Warriors.
Real Tampa Swingers Club Sour Relationship If you’re a fan of sour Skittles, Haribo Tangfastics or strawberry laces, listen up: Oasis have just released two new sour drink flavours – and they’ve gone down so well on Twitter. Pleeeease welcome to the stage: Kiwi Apple Sour and Apple. Apr 20, 2017. MORAN: America's ties with Russia no longer count as the most important relationship
The symbiosis between the band, the island and the islanders is extraordinary and lovely, as a series of free concerts and studio sessions unfolds against the Middle Earth-like landscape: the visit to a man who makes xylophones out of slabs.
A gated carriageway threshold on the downriver side of St. Ann Street between Bourbon and Royal is the portal through which more than 16 million viewers enter the world of "NCIS: New Orleans" each. I enjoy our nighttime mode on stage."
Search the world’s information, including webpages, images, videos and more. Google has many special features to help you find exactly what you’re looking for.
Unlike the Nest Cam Outdoor, which requires an outlet for power, the Arlo Pro is a completely wireless rechargeable outdoor camera. It’s weatherproof, has night vision capabilities, two-way audio, stores seven days worth of video in the.
Made of a bronze alloy, it has two rings of lacework on the topside, but no other decorations. took place onJuly 21 in Texas, at the annual meeting of the Tekakwitha Conference, a Catholic organization. Alaska Airlines flew the bell to.
The Denali model’s interior turns up the glitz with leather-appointed seating, authentic open-pore wood trim, and dark-finish aluminum decor. The leather’s large. a standing workstation mode, and easier access to items in the box.
Our selection of decorative mesh ribbon in various widths from 2.5 to 21 inches and various materials, including poly, paper and burlap.
Sign in or join zulily. It’s a new online store offering daily sales events on top-quality apparel, gear and other goodies for moms, babies and kids.
Free Sex Dating In Gainesville Florida Milton, Florida Women Are Having The Best Casual Sex Online. Milton, Florida women have been joining Xpress.com to hookup the casual sex. Dating hookup in. Locating The Hottest Gay Cruising and Hookup Spots is Easy with Squirt.org in the United States of America. Find American Gay Men for Gay Sex, Gay Hookup and Gay Dating Real Tampa Swingers Club Sour
Adult Dating Site Philippines Free Sex Dating In Gainesville Florida Milton, Florida Women Are Having The Best Casual Sex Online. Milton, Florida women have been joining Xpress.com to hookup the casual sex. Dating hookup in. Locating The Hottest Gay Cruising and Hookup Spots is Easy with Squirt.org in the United States of America. Find American Gay Men for Gay Sex, Gay Hookup and Gay
Local Dating Near Means Real Tampa Swingers Club Sour Relationship If you’re a fan of sour Skittles, Haribo Tangfastics or strawberry laces, listen up: Oasis have just released two new sour drink flavours – and they’ve gone down so well on Twitter. Pleeeease welcome to the stage: Kiwi Apple Sour and Apple. Apr 20, 2017. MORAN: America's ties with Russia no longer count as
Shop the season’s standout silhouettes in our wear-anywhere-and-everywhere collection of women’s clothing. Buy now for free shipping – details on site.
. that will change the way you watch Netflix These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour.
Chat Lines That Are Free The revamped and well-organized line system. The impressive array of food trucks and. happy to sign it, happy to chat with you, and happy to make the experience personal and special for you. With everything under one roof, MondoCon becomes surprisingly. Many people want to launch a business as a way to break free of the 9 to 5, take
Nano Spores are a common component that can be found on Saturn, Neptune, Eris, and Orokin Derelict. It is usually found in quantities of 100s to 200s. Beginning in Update 9.0, materials could be purchased directly from the market for Platinum.
Record and capture moments of wildlife activity you would normally never see with Wex’s range of trail cams from. place orders and. lapse mode, an adjustable.
The place where home decor starts. Works sitewide and includes free shipping. PromoCodes Exclusive: Get 5% off all orders + Free Shipping on orders over $50.
At Rue La La, shop today’s must-have brands for her, him, home, and more – all up to 70% off. New sales launch daily. And it’s always free to join.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) may not garner as much attention as heart disease and cancer, but it’s the third most common cause of death in the U.S.
Beyond Stores offers specialty high quality home furniture at unbeatable prices and FREE SHIPPING. Get brand names in home decor for less today!
If there is one recent trend in the automotive industry today, it’s turbocharging. Of course, there are a lot of other trends, too. That whole SUV coupe thing is bizarrely catching on. And I think we can all agree that it’s only a matter of time.
This entry was posted on Monday, September 15th, 2008 at 21:15 and is filed under Methode des Monats.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Ernie sings "Do What I Do" with Sandy the Snake in an effort to explain how actions can express emotions. However, Sandy finds it difficult to do what Ernie does, since snakes don't have limbs.
Ernie is holding a banana in his ear. Bert tries to tell him that he does so, but he can't hear him because of it. (EKA: Episode 1152)
Ernie reveals that he has a banana in his ear in order to keep the alligators away. He uses Bert's denial of any on Sesame Street as proof that his method works.
Kermit at Home: Grover is outside in the snow, freezing. He keeps knocking on Kermit's door, asking how to get warm, and Kermit keeps telling him to come inside. Grover, missing the point, tries ideas of his own to get warm, but they don't work. Finally, Kermit tells Grover that if he wants to get warm, he should come inside. Excited, Grover pulls Kermit aside and slams the door, locking Kermit outside. Grover goes to sleep in Kermit's armchair while the frozen frog scrapes at the window. (EKA: Episode 0598)
Film: Some kids observe a woman drawing pictures of a building, and eventually guess that she's an architect. (EKA: Episode 0840)
Farley explains things one can do with their mind - he plans on going to the door, he imagines who's knocking at it, he remembers it's not his mother and he hopes there's not a scary monster at the door. Herry Monster surprises him by bursting through the door, frightening Farley away. Herry's sorry Farley ran away; he wanted to play. (EKA: Episode 0180)
Muppet & Kid Moments: Ernie's lost the nickel he was going to use for candy, so Shola gives him another one. (EKA: Episode 0581)
1144 U.S. Congress. House. Government Reform Committee. How to Improve Regulatory Accounting: Costs, Benefits and Impacts of Federal Regulations, hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy Policy, Natural Resources and Regulatory Affairs, 108th Congress, 1st session, March 11, 2003. 168 p.
1146 U.S. Congress. Senate. Governmental Affairs Committee. Oversight of Investment Banks' Response to the Lessons of Enron, hearing before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, 107th Congress, 2nd session, December 11, 2002. 2 v.
1166 Uniform Commercial Code: Proposed Amendments to Article 2, Sales, Article 2A, Leases, Article 7, Documents of Title (April 18, 2003). Philadelphia, PA: American Law Institute, 2003. 288 p.
1195 O'Keefe, James. Protecting the Republic: The Education and Training of American Police Officers. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall, 2004. 269 p.
1196 Oliver, Willard M. Community-Oriented Policing: A Systemic Approach to Policing. 3rd ed. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall, 2004. 533 p.
1201 U.S. Congress. Senate. Judiciary Committee. Federal Cocaine Sentencing Policy, hearing before the Subcommittee on Crime and Drugs, 107th Congress, 2nd session, May 22, 2002. 194 p.
1216 Harris, Leslie J. and Teitelbaum, Lee E. Children, Parents, and the Law: Public and Private Authority in the Home, Schools, and Juvenile Courts. New York: Aspen Law & Business, 2002. 956 p.
Aunt Lilian once said to me, “I don’t know how you do it; you have been through so much.” I smiled, but for the life of me, I didn’t have a clue what she was talking about.
Perhaps what seemed like “so much” to her didn’t seem like much to me. Life is not easy but I didn’t feel I’d had it harder than anyone else. Yet as she said it, my heart filled with gratitude. My faith in Christ was making a difference in how I perceived my struggles.
Faith itself is not powerful. The key is the object of faith. For example, I believe in electricity. When I flick a switch, the lights go on. Yet electricity sometimes fails, so my faith in it is not totally sure of its power.
I also believe in people. Sometimes my faith is rewarded — like when eastern Canadian farmers offered their hay to those in western Canada. Sometimes my faith in people takes a nose dive — as when extremists shot up a school in Pakistan where my friend works.
But these kinds of faith are not the same as trusting God. We cannot flick God on with a switch, nor are we supposed to trust Him only when things go well. This makes believing in Him difficult. How can we put our trust in Someone who may not deal life to us the way we like it?
The Bible says we need to believe in Him no matter what, and offers plenty of evidence why we should. It also repeats countless promises He makes, inviting us to trust Him. Perhaps the most startling revelation about faith is that we cannot believe in Christ on our own. Instead, faith is “a gift from God.”
Job had this gift. God also blessed him in material ways with wealth and a large family. Unknown to Job, that would change. His spiritual enemy, Satan, came to God with a challenge. He said that the faith Job had would fail if the man lost everything.
Had Job’s faith been rooted in his own desire about what God should be like, it would fail. Human faith generally believes in what works for us. If it stops working, we stop believing. As long as things go well, God is a good friend, but if life becomes rocky, they abandon their faith in Him, and try to smooth the lumps on their own.
Since Job’s faith was not his own but a gift, God knew Job could stand under a test. He allowed Satan to take away all that Job owned, his children, even his health. Job’s first response was, “The Lord gives, the Lord takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord.”
Soon Job’s friends challenged him by saying he must have done something wrong or this would not have happened. While Job was not sin-free, he knew in his heart that his suffering was not punishment for any sin. He held to that, despite their continual nagging at him, despite his own complaining, and despite his severe misery.
Eventually God spoke. Although Bible readers are told about the challenge, and although God plainly takes responsibility for Job’s situation, God did not explain to Job what was happening. Nevertheless, Job passed the test. Later, God restored his possessions, blessed him with more children, and returned him to health. His gift of faith did not fail.
This story reveals another reason why God sometimes allows suffering. Severe trials will expose true faith. When God’s people suffer, even though they may question God and falter for a while, the faith He gave them eventually comes through.
Joe was the runt of the litter, at least in the minds of his brothers. They hated his cocky self-assurance and that their father gave him the best of everything.
One day while they were at work, along came Joe. He said dad had sent him to see what they were up to. Their tempers flared. They began to plot how to get rid of him and came up with a scheme. Slave traders passed by on occasion. They would sell Joe to a slave trader but tell their father he had been killed in a horrible accident.
They got away with their scheme. Their father, Jacob suffered grief beyond imagine. The brothers felt guilty but stuck to their story.
In a few years, a drought hit their community. Soon Jacob had to send them in search of food. They found it, but they also found something they did not expect: Joe was the kingpin over all available grain. When they finally recognized who he was, they realized they were at his mercy. What would he do to them?
This story comes from Genesis, the first book of the Bible. Joseph wound up in Egypt. By living with integrity, he landed first in jail for something he didn’t do, and then in the Pharaoh’s court for something he did do — with the Lord’s help, he predicted a severe famine.
The Pharaoh saw his wisdom. He put Joseph in charge of everything, and by his prudent decisions, the Egyptians had food enough for themselves and other nations.
The brothers did not know how Joseph came to such power. All they knew was that they had wronged him, and he could now do whatever he wanted to them. They were terrified.
But Joseph wept as he heard them talking. He realized they did not know his character. Finally he told them his story, then said, “And now, do not be distressed and do not be angry with yourselves for selling me here, because it was to save lives that God sent me ahead of you.”
He added, “So then, it was not you who sent me here, but God.” At that, Pharaoh told Joseph to invite his family to live in Egypt where he could take care of them.
After a time, their father died. The brothers thought Joseph would now retaliate, but they were wrong. He forgave them and said, “You intended to harm me, but God intended it for good to accomplish what is now being done, the saving of many lives.”
Throughout Scripture, this theme repeats itself. God’s people suffer, yet out of their suffering comes good. Job suffered yet God eventually blessed him (and us too, as we read his story). Jesus suffered, yet God raised Him from the dead to provide salvation for sinners.
The Bible says, “And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.”
Often, this verse is interpreted to mean that good things will happen to anyone who suffers, but the words are specific: this promise is for those who “love God” and obey His call on their lives.
More than that, the context is also specific. The next verse says that these called ones who love Him will be “conformed to the likeness of his Son.” In other words, God teaches His people the Christlike response to suffering, and this is the “good” that comes from trials.
Jesus, like Joseph, “did not retaliate; when he suffered, he made no threats. Instead, he entrusted himself to him who judges justly.”
Jesus knew that the Father was just. Yes, He died on a cross for sins He did not commit, but God also raised Him from the dead to rule at His right hand and live forever.
God can work good from our troubles. Sometimes, those troubles are the only way good can happen. We may not become world-class leaders like Joseph, but nothing happens to us haphazardly. God will reveal His purpose in His time. He promises, “I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.”
Suffering may be here for a little while, but His people must not give up hope. God is still in control.
Labels: conformed to image of Jesus, God uses all things for good, Joseph, Justice, reasons for suffering, suffering
A page from TIME with letters to the editor sits on my desk. This particular batch makes comments on the popularity of the LeHaye and Jenkins “Left Behind” series of books about the Second Coming. Some express agreement with the premise of the books; others think of them as money-making drivel.
I’ve not read any of the “Left Behind” books but as I read these letters, I realize that the point the authors try to make is missed entirely by those who put their faith in the ability of humans beings to correct their own mistakes.
Jesus did not share their faith. In Matthew 15, the Pharisees criticized His disciples for neglecting a ritual. Traditions said they must pour water on their hands and arms before eating. Jesus replied to the critics with a criticism of His own. He accused them of breaking the Lord’s commands for the sake of their traditions. They were doing things “in the name of God” that were purely for personal gain.
Jesus called them hypocrites. He said they honored God with their lips but their hearts were far from Him, and they taught “rules” made up by men, but neglected God’s teachings. In a reference to food laws, He said it is not what we eat that make us unclean, but what comes out of our mouths.
The disciples listened to Jesus but they didn’t understand what He said either. In their minds, their traditions were truth. They had trouble accepting that what they had been taught and believed in all their lives was totally irrelevant to true spirituality. Didn’t outward behavior count for anything?
So Jesus explained again, “The things that come out of the mouth come from the heart, and these make a man ‘unclean.’ For out of the heart comes evil thoughts, murder, adultery, sexual immorality, theft, false testimony, slander. These are what make a man ‘unclean’; but eating with unwashed hands does not make him ‘unclean.’”
Jesus turned the world upside down with statements like this, yet most of the people in it are walking on the ceiling without realizing it. We shrink from this reality of sin in our hearts and think “pretty good” is good enough. We may not have done any horrible deeds but fail to recognize our restraint does not mean we are pure and innocent.
Like the Pharisees, we think that we are basically good at heart, and many are certain we can handle the mistakes we make. One writer to TIME said global warming, terrorism, hatred, etc. “are man’s problems, caused by man. With hard work and understanding, they can be solved by man.”
Jesus says the opposite. He says the whole world system will deteriorate because man, contrary to that writer’s opinion, cannot solve the mess that we have created. This passage of Scripture explains why. It is not in us to be pure, innocent, or righteous. We need changed hearts.
Last night, as we watched a movie, my husband said, “How can people kill others without any thought?” It slipped his mind that the world is filled with people who are living out exactly what is in their hearts. Christian author, Oswald Chambers says “we begin by trusting our ignorance and call it innocence, by trusting our innocence and calling it purity.”
But no man is pure without the Holy Spirit, and even then, we need to remember that we are just as capable of the darkest sin as the next guy.
Our restraint, to please God, must not be from cowardice, or social norms and restrictions, but from the power of the Holy Spirit. God alone can purify our hearts and deliver us from the junk that makes us unclean, but He will not do it without an invitation.
When the popcorn bowl runs out, I like to suck the butter and salt out of those partly popped kernels in the bottom. Sometimes I gnaw on them, despite a little voice that tells me to stop it. Once I cracked a filling in a back tooth. My dentist added insult to injury by reminding me I’d made a foolish decision.
This incident reminds me of that huge question: Why does God allow suffering? People in every corner of the world ask it. While the biblical answers may not satisfy everyone, over the next few weeks I’ll offer a few that immensely help me.
First, three foundations. One, suffering does not always imply God’s punishment. Sometimes it does, but not every time.
Two, while God can bring good out of anything, that is not always the reason He allows bad things to happen. Sometimes they are just bad.
Third, God does take responsibility for everything. Job said, “Shall we accept good from God, and not evil.” The very next line reads, “In all this, Job did not sin in what he said.”
Jeremiah repeated the thought: “Is it not from the mouth of the Most High that both calamities and good things come?” While the mind of God does not make sense to our limited perspective, yet the Bible affirms we can trust Him anyway. It also reveals a few why’s concerning evil and suffering.
One reason we suffer is that we bring it on ourselves. We make foolish choices, and our actions have consequences. Without them, we would never regret foolishness, or change. Ecclesiastes puts it in the negative: “When the sentence for a crime is not quickly carried out, the hearts of the people are filled with schemes to do wrong.”
Cause and effect are important to our stability. Water should satisfy our thirst. Flipping a switch should turn the lights on or off. We expect results from what we do and if they do not happen, we are perplexed, even thrown off balance.
This applies to both good and foolish choices. When I bite a hard popcorn kernel, my less-strong fillings are apt to take a beating. When I ignore God’s moral warnings, my life will fall apart. When I behave and obey Him, I experience not only His blessing but His pleasure.
The foolish choices of others can cause us suffering too. Children suffer in war. People die at the hands of reckless drivers. A construction worker neglects a safety check. Airline mechanics do too. Innocent people suffer consequences.
Consequences should change our choices but what about drivers who run stop signs, make illegal turns, drive too fast, and cut in too quick, who never get a traffic ticket or ever have an accident? Or consider an elderly couple, normally careful drivers, yet one day he failed to stop at a stop sign. They were hit by a truck and both died. Does this make “cause and effect,” and God, capriciousness?
Christians know God takes responsibility for everything. In the case of the elderly couple, He had reasons for allowing their suffering and death. They were people of faith and belonged to Him, so they were not being punished — Jesus already took their punishment for sin.
Neither did they die so ultimate good would happen. It did not, at least for them here on earth. Their death was a tragic event, even though God could have stopped it. For the most part, it happened as a result of a wrong choice.
But God also has reasons for not applying that rule of cause and effect to others who seem to deserve it. Maybe He is giving them a second chance. Maybe He has a greater plan for their lives.
Sometimes people blame God when trouble strikes, but I would not want God to change the rule of cause and effect. When I do something dumb, I do not like the consequences, yet without their predictability (in general), the world would make even less sense than it does.
My sister is embarking on a venture that could bring her great wealth. She has a sound idea, a quality product, a good business plan, and the right connections. But she worries about being unfaithful to the Lord. She has always given back to God a share of what He gives her, but fears success may change her priorities.
When discussing things people fear, we seldom consider fear of success. Most people hesitate when they fear failure, but few remember that success also has pitfalls.
These pitfalls vary depending on how success is measured. For some, it is power, or prominence. Others add popularity, possessions, a large bank account, happiness, and health.
Christian values may contrast these measurements. For instance, Jesus tells us to “forsake all” and follow Him. We are not to let people or possessions interfere with our faith. He also says “My strength is perfected in weakness” and teaches us to rely on His power, not our own. As for popularity, He says those who live godly lives will suffer persecution.
That said, Christians may have some of the success the world values, but God expects us to overcome the corresponding pitfalls. If not, we will be failures in His eyes.
King Solomon is one example. He became a rich and powerful man. Before that happened, God warned that kings must avoid the accumulation of gold, horses, and wives. Unfortunately this king, who was exceedingly wise in other respects, failed in all three. His wealth and horses brought war to his nation, and his wives turned him away from God.
Power corrupts, but it does not have to corrupt everyone. The Apostle Paul was a powerful man too, but his influence for good is felt throughout the world. Part of his ability to handle success was an unidentified “thorn in the flesh.” Because this made him feel weak and inadequate, he relied on God’s strength, and avoided the pitfalls of power.
Jesus sets the example of how to pass another test of success. During the first part of His ministry, He became hugely popular and faced ever-growing pressures from a demanding public. Mark 6:31 says, “Then, because so many people were coming and going that they (the disciples) did not even have a chance to eat, he (Jesus) said to them, ‘Come with me by yourselves to a quiet place and get some rest.’” Even as they departed, the crowd followed.
Popularity is wonderful — until it becomes invasive. Adoring fans or pushy paparazzi pressure popular people into hiding or even retaliation. But Jesus did neither. Instead, He “had compassion on them, because they were like sheep without a shepherd.” Instead of pushing them away, He “began teaching them many things.”
Wealth is a danger too, yet notice that the Bible says the root of all evil is the love of money, not money. The entire world likely could not manage with a barter system. Money is necessary, and great good can be done with it.
My sister knows this. Sometimes she sees how God uses her financial offerings. Yet she still fears wealth will make her a greedy person and she will forget God. That is a pitfall.
How will she avoid this problem? Partly by doing what she has already done — telling someone about her desire and her fear. I know her concern, and I can support and encourage her to keep on doing what God wants her to do, no matter the size of her bank balance.
Beyond these biblical benefits of power and prosperity, God’s main criteria for success is that we be like Jesus. Paul did that. He said, “I know what it is to be in need, and I know what it is to have plenty. I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation, whether well fed or hungry, whether living in plenty or in want.”
While surfing channels, I happened upon a popular woman’s show on a major network. One woman was telling a group of women how she had been on another network show and as she was describing her recent weight loss, she blurted, “Thank you, Jesus.” To her astonishment, those words were cut from the final broadcast.
Another woman (this was not a religious program) said she often makes her faith public, and seldom receives flack for it. The others felt the first case was more typical than the second. Apparently you can mention faith in God on television, but not faith in Jesus.
Those who think Jesus was a benevolent do-gooder and a wise teacher, will not acknowledge His deity. They might cry a “thank you” to God or pray to Him if they are in trouble, but the name of Jesus is more often a cuss word. Why? They do not believe Jesus is God.
Jesus Himself encountered those kinds of people. When certain religious leaders challenged what He was doing and who He was, He replied, “You do not know me or my Father. If you knew me, you would know my Father also. . . . If God were your Father, you would love me, for I came from God. . . . I and the Father are one” (from John 8 & 10). With that, they understood He claimed to be God, so they picked up stones to try and kill Him.
For a while, Jesus’ disciples were also unsure of who He was. Philip asked, “Lord, show us the Father and that will be enough for us.” Jesus replied, “Don’t you know me, Philip, even after I have been among you such a long time? Anyone who has seen me has seen the Father. . . . Believe me when I say that I am in the Father and the Father is in me.”
In same conversation, Jesus said, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. If you really knew me, you would know my Father also.”
According to Jesus, God is approachable only one way. A personal relationship with the Father is impossible without going through the Son, and acknowledging Him.
However, acknowledging Jesus Christ goes far beyond saying He was a good man and a wise teacher. Even a brief examination of His life shows He was far more; He healed the sick, cast out demons, controlled the weather, turned water to wine, did things only God can do.
Yet few avoid Jesus because of His power. Instead, they are offended by the purpose of His death. He came to die for our sins, sins that we are reluctant to admit or abandon. If we are going to acknowledge Jesus, we must acknowledge our sin and our need for forgiveness. He came, not to help us shed extra pounds but to satisfy the wrath of God against sin and to remove the burden of our sin and the weight of our guilt.
So if we mention Jesus, at least where this gospel message is rejected, and those who do not care to admit their sin will start throwing rocks. For them, God is okay because they assume He can be kept at arms length.
Actually, He is not even that close. Isaiah said “God’s arm is not too short to save, nor his ear too dull to hear, but your iniquities have separated you from your God; your sins have hidden his face from you, so that he will not hear.”
The woman on the talk show admitted that she didn’t realize what she was saying. It appears “popular” to pop off a “Thank you, Jesus” even without acknowledging sin or having a personal relationship with Him. Yet she discovered something; when an effort to be popular by acting religious is pitted against a determination to avoid Christ, that resistance will win — and immediately try to erase all mention of His name.
“You mean to tell me there are people from seven different denominations in your Bible study group? That’s amazing!”
During the late 1970's when we lived in Fort Saskatchewan, I attended a Bible study that began with two people. It grew, evolved and continued for years, and may still be going to this day. One of its more distinctive features was that ladies from several denominations came and felt right at home in this group.
More than one person expressed amazement at our unity. A common perception is that Christians from different churches do not get along — that we argue over faith issues and other things, thus our reason for maintaining various denominations. Sadly, that is sometimes true, but it is not always the case.
The fact of a variety of denominations demonstrates the freedom God gives Christians to express our diversity. We prefer varying worship styles. Some like older hymns; others prefer contemporary music. We practice various modes of baptism, ways of outreach, and so on.
The New Testament church had distinctives too. The church at Corinth was filled with flamboyant Gentile converts. The church in Ephesus was a mixed group of Jews and Gentiles. Cultural differences made each congregation unique.
Whatever the mix, each group believed in the same gospel and were instructed with the basic commandment: love one another. Jesus told His disciples, “As I have loved you, so you must love one another. By this all men will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.”
The apostle Paul added, “You are called to be free. But do not use your freedom to indulge the sinful nature; rather, serve one another in love.”
Paul gave Christians no excuse to fight and Jesus gave unbelieving people a criteria by which to judge the church. If believers fight among themselves, we become a news item and a nasty taste in peoples’ mouths. Even those outside the church know we ought to love each other.
Unfortunately, when Christian churches show exceptional examples of love, the public rarely hears about it. For instance, last year when my nephew died of cancer, my brother and his wife knew his funeral would draw too many people to fit into their church. A church of another denomination lovingly offered the use of their larger building.
A few weeks ago, an even more remarkable example surfaced. In January, a congregation in Calgary heard of another church of a different denomination that was growing rapidly and trying to raise money to build a larger building. The first group voted unanimously to give $100,000 to the second church.
Together, these people of God demonstrated their love in an expression of tangible support. It didn’t matter to them that the other church had a different style of worship, or varied from them in their statement of faith. Nor did it matter that the other church is growing rapidly, a possible threat to their own size. They sacrificed a huge offering of financial support anyway.
Differences could be a barrier but they do not need to be. Christ not only tells us to love each other anyway, but we can do it because He lives in us and loves us. Because of His love, we can love each other.
As Paul said, we need to watch out for that old sinful nature. We have the freedom to be different but not the freedom to be greedy, proud, or selfish. Instead, we must find ways in our freedom, to love one another. Jesus makes it clear: if we are not living out our freedom in a genuine love for each other, then the rest of the world has every right to wonder if we belong to Him.
Most of us would flunk if our pastor quizzed us on last week’s sermon, so it amazes me that I can remember one I heard more than twenty years ago.
The topic was knowing and doing God’s will. The pastor explained God’s will is twofold: moral and incidental. The first is simple to figure out, but less easy to follow. God’s moral will is in the Bible. We can know how to be in His will through the Ten Commandments, Jesus’ commands to love God and love our neighbors, and other clear directions for living our faith.
The second aspect of God’s will is not as easy. Suppose you are faced with non-sinful choices such as which job to accept, which school to attend, which person to marry? How can you know God’s will for these? The pastor showed us five Scripture passages that clearly state the will of God, then added a sixth to show us the answer to that question.
The first passage was in 1 Timothy 2. It says, “God wants all to be saved and to come to a knowledge of the truth. . . .” It is God’s will that a person is a Christian. We cannot expect Him to reveal His will to people who disregard His offer of salvation through faith in Jesus Christ.
The second verse came from 1 Thessalonians 4. “It is God’s will that you should be sanctified: that you should avoid sexual immorality.” Sanctified means to give your life to God rather than sin or selfish pursuits. It includes sexuality, as in this verse, but also all areas of life. He wants to save our souls, but also wants us to be spared from a life of sin.
The third verse is in the next chapter. 1 Thessalonians 5:18 says, “Give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.” God wants those who are saved and sanctified to also be saying thanks. A careful reading of Romans 1 shows that thankfulness is the first thing to go when a person denies or rebels against God. Saying thanks is His will.
Then, 1 Peter 2:15 says, “For it is God’s will that by doing good you should silence the ignorant talk of foolish men.” Serving others is another important part of God’s will. The pastor told us when he played football he noticed what happens when a player is on the bench. First he criticizes the coach, then the other players. If he stays out of action too long, he will be secretly rooting for the other team. Serving God keeps us from resentment and taking shots at the family of God.
1 Peter 3:17 goes on: “It is better, if it is God’s will, to suffer for doing good than for doing evil.” Sometimes Christians think if we do the right things, our lives will be peaceful and people will love us, but God says people may not like the good things we do. They may persecute us for our faith. He wants us to know that suffering for doing good is not outside His will.
Then the pastor read Psalm 37:4. “Delight yourself in the Lord, and He will give you the desires of your heart.” He explained God will not give us anything we desire, but this means if we make Him the focus of our lives we can expect Him to put right desires in our hearts.
This is an important part of decision-making for Christians. God wants us to be holy, thankful, obedient people, but He gives us the freedom to follow our hearts regarding non-sinful choices.
So, if we want to make a decision that fits into the will of God, we need to check: Am I saved, sanctified, saying thanks, serving, and perhaps even suffering, for Him? If we can say yes to those five, and have eliminated any sinful options, then as the pastor said, we can do whatever we want!
About thirty years ago, I read a book whose author assumed people were getting smarter and smarter. Therefore, gods from other planets must have once invaded earth. They gave wisdom to the people who built the pyramids and other wonders. Then I read another book that suggested people were recycled from one life form to another. At the same time, I was thinking about my dad’s theory about energy. He said it was not created or destroyed, just changed from one form to another.
These books plus my dad’s theory had me thinking: Did gods ever come to earth? What would happen to me after I died? Were these ideas somehow connected? It did not occur to me that God was setting me up.
The book about reincarnation had a Bible verse in it. It was taken out of its normal context, but as I read, God spoke to me. His voice was not audible, but just as you know the voice of your mother or your child, I knew it was God speaking. He said: “Jesus is God.”
At that moment, the room became brighter, and so did the dark, confusing things in my life. Every part of me knew it was true and at that instant, I knew Jesus. I also wanted to live for Him.
Later, I found out that many people take issue with that statement: “Jesus is God.” Some think Jesus was only a good teacher or a prophet. Others are confused — if there is one God, how can He be a trinity, which must be three gods?
I don’t have a problem with the concept of a triune God. He created the very elements of the world in a triune form. Even H2O illustrates the trinity—it can be steam, water, or ice. Each is radically different in appearance and other distinctives, yet all three are the same H2O.
For me, the dual nature of Jesus Christ is more difficult to understand. The Bible says Christ is both human and divine. He is God but He is also man. How can that be? As a human, Jesus looked like an ordinary man. Isaiah said, “He had no beauty or majesty to attract us to him, nothing in his appearance that we should desire him” (Isaiah 53:2). He also became hungry, thirsty and tired, just as we do.
Yet Jesus did things no man has ever done. He healed the sick with a word or a touch, turned water to wine, calmed storms, knew peoples’ minds, walked on water, raised the dead to life. A Roman soldier said of Him, “No one ever spoke the way this man does” (John 7:46). How can a man be both human and God?
Shirley McLaine thinks she has the answer. She says it is normal—and claims that she is God. She must not realize that statement parallels the original lie Satan used to tempt Eve in the garden of Eden? (“If you eat the fruit, you will be like God.”) Such audacity. We have yet to see Ms. McLaine prove it as Jesus did, by doing the things only God can do.
Despite her bold claim, we cannot grasp the dual nature of Jesus that way. If we honestly compare ourselves as humans with the God who revealed Himself as a human, how can we dare say we are Him or even like Him? Jesus sets the standard. His life was pure and holy. Our human life is nothing like that.
We cannot find fault with the man Jesus. He simply did not sin. He never violated the laws of God. He became hungry and tired, but He never put His personal needs before the needs of others. He sacrificed time and energy to bless people, and, after an amazing, short ministry, He made the ultimate sacrifice; He gave Himself as a sin offering to God as our substitute. No human being would or could do that.
Yet God makes a relationship with Jesus possible. He offers forgiveness of sin and salvation through Him. When we believe, Jesus comes to live in our hearts. The Bible calls it: “this mystery, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory.”
With faith, we can become, in a sense, a model of what He is. We fall short in our humanness (we are not perfect), and we are not God, yet we can share in His life. When we know Him as our Lord and Savior, He gives us at least a small glimpse into the mystery of who He is.
Last summer two young men were caught in a sudden thunderstorm while driving east on the Whitemud Freeway in a yellow convertible—with the top down. They pulled to a stop under an overpass, and sat laughing as the storm rained on everything else. Most people would have stopped and put the top up, but they left it down and stayed dry anyway. Seeing them enjoy their own cleverness brought smiles to more than one passerby.
This made an impression on me. Later I reminisced about the way being covered feels. When I was a child, I sometimes stayed overnight at my grandmother’s house. In the dead of winter, she didn’t have enough blankets to keep out the bone-chilling cold that crept in when the furnace died down. So she covered me with Grampa’s huge wool overcoat. It was rough and smelled like him. I felt so protected.
Now we have lots of blankets but have fallen in love with our quilt. I made it especially for our bed. It has a thin cotton batt inside, and a patchwork front and cotton back, yet that quilt is just right no matter what the temperature is in our house. I washed it today. It isn’t quite dry, so we will miss our covering for one night.
However, another covering comforts me all the time; God covers my sin. But His covering is not quite like an overpass (Passover is a better word), and nothing like an overcoat or a quilt. In fact, it seems somewhat gross, but is precious nonetheless; it is the blood of His Son.
The Bible describes the first sin and tells how Adam and Eve made excuses for what they did. God didn’t believe their reasoning. Instead, He killed an animal and used its skin to cover their nakedness. God’s law about sin was: “The soul that sins must die,” but He mercifully killed an animal in their place.
As He used this covering, His actions foreshadowed the Old Testament sacrificial system based on: “Without the shedding of blood, there is no atonement (or reconciliation) for sin.”
This covering was again illustrated during the exodus when God’s people left Egypt. God told them the angel of death would take the firstborn in each family, but if they followed His instructions, their firstborn would be spared. He said to kill an unblemished lamb and put the blood on the door posts and over the door. When the angel of death saw the blood, he would “passover” those houses and they would be spared.
The psalmist repeated the idea. He said, “Blessed is he whose transgressions are forgiven, whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man whose sin the Lord does not count against him . . . .”
These “coverings” pointed to a final and triumphant atonement. That is, one day God would send the Lamb of God (Jesus), and He would die in our place. God Himself put His blood over the doorposts of those who believe in Him. Then, when death (eternal separation from God) comes, it will not claim those whose lives are “covered by the blood.”
When I was younger, I tried to cover my own sin, just as Adam and Eve did. I also used excuses and rationalization. I thought my efforts worked, but God showed me that my covering was futile. He could see right through it. Surely, if He could see through it, my cover-ups would offer no protection against the scrutiny of death and judgment.
In mercy, the Lord offered me a covering that eternal death cannot touch, and judgment cannot see. The blood of Christ covers me. This is a perfect protection from all thunder and wrath against my sin, and from the cold darkness I deserve in an eternity separated from God.
Father God, I miss my cotton quilt tonight, but you so graciously offered a covering that I will never be without. Thanks to You, I can climb under the love of Christ and be warm and protected for ever and ever. Amen!
The witness presented his evidence to my father. He said, “She was at the country dance driving your car, and she appeared to have been drinking. I know she is under the legal age.”
My father listened. He knew where I had been; he’d given me the keys to the family car. He also knew that I took three or four of my girl friends with me, and that when our group did anything together, we had fun and laughed ourselves silly. Dad knew me better than the witness. He quickly made his judgment, “She is innocent.”
At seventeen, I didn’t think much about what would happen had my dad believed this “witness.” My dad knew my attitude toward drinking and my ability to have fun without it. I also knew my dad. He was not a person to jump to conclusions, nor did he believe everything he was told. He was fair. More than that, he loved me too much to let slander turn him against me. He would defend me against any accuser.
Not everyone has such a father. For some, harsh parents have made “judgment” a scary word. Their children fear condemnation every time the gavel falls. This fear carries over to their view of God. They see Him as a harsh “judge,” a stern, frowning, bearded image with a huge hammer and a list of rules. They are repelled by such a god and rightly so.
That does not mean God looks the other way when people violate His laws. He is holy and hates sin. He is merciful and loves sinners. How can such a contradiction exist?
The Bible says God will judge sinners and punish sin: “The wages of sin is death,” meaning those who die in their sin will face eternal separation from God. No one can escape. We are “by nature objects of wrath” because all of us “sin and fall short of the glory of God.”
However, God does not sit on His throne with a hammer and an expression of anger. The Bible says, “God is not willing that anyone should perish but wants everyone to repent (of their sin).”
To partly understand this contrast, I think about my dad. He was not perfect, but he was always quick to show mercy and come to my defense. He would rather declare me innocent than listen to any accuser who brought my sins (actual or not) to him. Yet my dad would also take away my driving privileges if I abused his rules.
Sin against God is far more serious than breaking my dad’s rules. Sin is an offence against Him that requires severe punishment, yet God is also a wise and loving heavenly Father. How does God handle the seeming contradiction between not wanting us to perish, and the fact that our sin demands a penalty?
God’s love solved it. He came to earth, put on flesh and became one of us. Then He took the blame of our sin on Himself and paid our penalty. By dying on a cross, God the Son satisfied the judgment made on sin by God the Father. When we believe this, accept His solution for sin, and turn from sin to God (repentance), He comes to live in our hearts. Then we can confidently say, “Who will bring any charge against those whom God has chosen? It is God who justifies. Who is he that condemns? Christ Jesus, who died—more than that, who was raised to life—is at the right had of God and is also interceding for us.”
Our sin, and the accusations of any enemy who takes our sin to God, are no match for the grace of God. The Lawgiver on the throne becomes the Law keeper in our hearts, all because His love provided a way for us to escape His judgment.
We attended the April 28 Memorial Service at Sky Reach Center for the four soldiers killed in Afghanistan. Those involved expressed their grief in various ways. The music and military participation were a solemn testimony to human feelings about this tragedy.
All the same, it was an odd event. While God was prayed to, His Son was never mentioned. Jesus said, “No one can come to the Father but by me.” Political correctness and the unpopularity of Jesus Christ ruled over the need for people to hear a message of hope.
A second oddity was the darkness. We could not see the stairs as we tried to get to our seats. My feet had to feel each riser. My husband said it was a safety violation. We wondered the reasoning for turning out all the lights except those in the outer hallways and on the platform. Was this one way to express the blackness of being without hope?
The most profound oddity was the fact of the event itself. I never experienced the first world war but remember Vietnam and Desert Storm. People died. They even died under so-called friendly fire. Neither the United States or Canada held memorials each time. Why now? What is this saying? What are they trying to do?
A memorial simply means “in memory of someone.” The men who died will be remembered. However, even more realities belong in our memory banks. Men die to keep our country free. We need to realize that freedom comes at a price. War is very costly.
Beyond remembering, we also say at a memorial that we do not want this to happen. Aside from the tragic circumstances, that we are at war and that men die is something we do not want. We want to live in peace. We want our young men to marry, raise their families and live out full lives. We do not want wars.
I felt that this particular memorial service was a human attempt to say “no” to war, “no” to the terrorism that threatens our freedoms, and “no” to the downhill slide of the world into violence and fear. If this is an accurate evaluation, then it explains the odd sadness that I felt; a sadness apart from seeing survivors weep, seeing one of them on a stretcher with a patch over his war-damaged eye. My sadness relates to the fact that saying “no” will not stop war, terrorists, violence, or fear.
The Bible talks about the direction the world is going. Jesus made several statements regarding the future. Many of them are already history, but some have not yet happened. They are sobering prophecies about wars and a final war. Fear, and that final violence, will bring greater disaster than anything mankind has seen thus far.
Yet there is hope. Our hope is not in our own ability to make it stop; we have neither the power or the resources. Instead, our hope is in our God, and in His Son. Jesus will return and conquer all fear and evil. His reign will be righteousness and just, without any violence at all. The enemy of our souls, the one who works in the hearts of unregenerate and unbelieving people to cause chaos and harm, will be banished forever. All his followers will go with him, and under the Prince of Peace, peace will govern a peace-hungry world.
This reads like a fairy tale to those who do not know Jesus, to those who hold on to their sin and refuse to give it to the One who died for it and for them. They have only their own determination to make this world work, but without Jesus, they do not have the ultimate power or righteousness to do it. They only have themselves, their darkness, and a futile voice that yells “no” against a force that they cannot conquer.
Trust Jesus. “I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.”
The north side of Maui is a surfer’s paradise. The waves are high, wide and magnificent. However, at certain times of the year the surf reaches thirty to forty feet, and those waves roll in so rapidly that they earn the title “killer waves.” For them, surfers stay on the beach.
The south side of this Hawaiian island is much tamer, so I tried body surfing. My first attempts were exciting but suddenly a wall of water slammed the wind out of me and filled my bathing suit with wet sand. The wave was only thirty to forty inches high, but my husband later told me it had a force of several hundred pounds. No wonder I felt as if I had been attacked by a killer wave.
Like surfing, life’s waves carry a certain degree of relativity. Some people handle challenges easily (like experts on big waves) but in a similar situation the next person (me, a wimpy swimmer) falls apart. Sometimes, even minor things can put some people into a spin.
For instance, these past few weeks I’ve been staring at a painting on my easel. I started it late last year as a gift for my daughter, supposedly for Christmas. Then I got to a point where I could not figure out what to do next. Typical of me, I procrastinated.
Christmas came and went, as did her February birthday. The canvas mocked me. Finally I decided I would work on it but not without praying. “God,” I asked, “What do I do next?”
The Lord uses life to teach me that me being full of confidence is not His way of conquering big challenges. If I think I am unable, I procrastinate or bemoan my helplessness, but if I am sure I am able, I miss the delight of having His guidance and help.
The Apostle Paul had to learn the same lesson (so I’m in good company). He had a problem that he called “a thorn in the flesh.” He does not tell us what it was, so everyone can identify with him for we all have our share of thorns. Paul first pleaded with God to take it away, which is what most of us do. “Calm those killer waves, Lord. Give me a peaceful ocean, or at least the size of waves I can handle.” But God did not answer that request. Instead He said to Paul, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.”
Paul learned through this and other tough lessons that weakness is not necessarily a bad thing. It enabled him to rely on the Lord’s help and even to say, “I delight in weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties. For when I am weak, then I am strong.”
Paul’s lesson is becoming my lesson, particularly in the major challenges (like killer waves) but also for the smaller challenges lest they slam me onto the beach too.
I’ve learned that God longs to make His power known through His people. As long as I think I can do things myself, I miss out on the goodness and grace He wishes to lavish on me. I may grumble and not enjoy feeling weak and helpless, but I am glad that there is a way out — and He is that way.
After praying about that painting, an old and forgotten technique popped into my mind and I knew this was my next step. I picked up my brushes and conquered my forty-inch wave.
A Parable is a short allegorical story designed to illustrate or teach some truth, religious principle, or moral lesson. The most well-known person who used parable was Jesus. He told them in such a way that His listeners either “got it” or were completely befuddled.
These parables were written in "real time" but are reproduced here in order, not according to the events that were happening when they were written, like elections, holidays, disasters and so on.
Posted a new pack of stamps today, this time going for a collection of small stamps, rather than one big stamp. I really love some of the images in here (particularly Madame Octopus) and hope that y'all enjoy them, too.
In fact, because you guys are all awesome, if you'd like a chance to win this stamp pack, just comment on this post. On Saturday, I will randomly select one commenter for the free pack. Woo!
I loved the image you posted on The Outlawz, so I found my way over to your blog. All of your images are great, and I can't wait to see more!
They're all fab but I'm particularly fond of the cow jumping over the moon! Reminds me of bed time when I was little, my mum used to sing that to me and twinny sis :) xox
Good goodness! Would you believe I've been reading since I could talk? Sometimes it really doesn't show!! Forget what I said! :D
No worries! Truth be told, I'm planning to go to a weekly freebie, rather than monthly. Probably not until after April though, as my primary goal for the moment is to get at least 100 stamps up on Etsy. :)
Wonderful selection of images, love the cow jumping over the moon and the little baby fairy, have a wonderful weekend, take careX:)
May I just say that I am "chuffed" to bits about having found you. Will definately be using the ones I got - they are fabulous.
Hi Mayzy, these are fabulous, I found your digi's through Caz, and I am currantly working on a card using one of the images i bought at the weekend.
I stumbled onto your sweet images from seeing a card on PinkPuds blog ~ then off to your Etsy shop to get some goodies ~ and joining the Outlaws to find that freebie *lol* Have linked up & am following!
The kids are in bed, the house is quiet, you finally take a moment to exhale, maybe even sink into your favorite chair. While you’re there, do you ever reflect on the accomplishments for the day…I mean truly take an account of what all has happened from the time you first opened your eyes that … [Read more…]
Archives Select Month January 2016 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012
Welcome to the official website of International Conference on Medical Ethics and Professionalism (ICMEP-18) . It will be held on24th November'2018 at Solapur. (ICMEP-18) is being organized by NIER to provide an opportunity to research scholars, delegates and students to interact and share their experience and knowledge in technology application. (ICMEP-18) will provide an excellent international forum for sharing knowledge and results in Medical ethics. The aim of the Conference is to provide a platform to the researchers and practitioners from both academia as well as industry to meet the share cutting-edge development in the field.
Our main objective is to promote scientific and educational activities towards the advancement of common man's life by improving the theory and practice of various disciplines and sectors of Medicine. NIER being one of the largest professional association of south asia organizes conferences, workshop, seminars and/or awareness programs by providing the technical and other supports to improve research and development activities, publishing high quality academic international journals as well as upto date and current transactions.
All the accepted research articles will be allocated with unique and internationally standardized Digital Object Identifier (DOI) number by DOI Directory click here to view more
NIER DELEGATES EXCHANGE PROGRAMME (NDEP): Delegates from NIER conferences with brilliant ideas and research initiatives would be sent to carry out the research and development activities at overseas, abroad and International organisations having collaboration with NIER.
Delegates with research activities and innovative ideas which may be beneficiary for humanities will be funded through NIER Research Funding Scheme
Notification of acceptance or rejection for the submitted paper will be notified to you within 4 working days of submission date.
If you are not getting any reply then, you can mail us to info@nier.in. Mention your submitted Paper Code in the mail.
NIER is a non-profitable organization(NPO) that has always emphasized on quality assurance and authentication. The institute conducts technical conferences ,seminars and workshops at different parts of country to reduce the gap between curriculum and practical implementation among the students.
Welcome to the official website of International Conference on Civil, Architectural and Environmental Sciences (ICAES-18) . It will be held on16th December'2018 at Chennai. (ICAES-18) is being organized by NIER to provide an opportunity to research scholars, delegates and students to interact and share their experience and knowledge in technology application. (ICAES-18) will provide an excellent international forum for sharing knowledge and results in Architecture,Civil Engineering,Life Science Engineering. The aim of the Conference is to provide a platform to the researchers and practitioners from both academia as well as industry to meet the share cutting-edge development in the field.
Our main objective is to promote scientific and educational activities towards the advancement of common man's life by improving the theory and practice of various disciplines and sectors of Engineering. NIER being one of the largest professional association of south asia organizes conferences, workshop, seminars and/or awareness programs by providing the technical and other supports to improve research and development activities, publishing high quality academic international journals as well as upto date and current transactions.
Christmas is one of those times in the year when the calmest of homes can get out of control. There are so many ways that your home can get filled up with Christmas clutter. I am not the most organized person but since I have ADHD I have had to be creative with ways I can help myself not to get buried under the clutter of new gifts, and wrapping paper. So let us take a look at some ideas that will help you have a clutter free Christmas.
Issue - Once all the presents are opened, wrapping paper can get EVERYWHERE! It is often disregarded while moving on to the next present or admiring what you’ve just opened.
Solution - Make it easy to put the wrapping paper away straight away. Get lots of garbage bags or a large cardboard box into the middle of the room so everyone can reach it – and make sure paper is put in when each present is opened.
Issue - Christmas is a time that can really stretch you in different ways – not least being trying to see all your friends and family within a short few days. It can get very busy very quickly, and you can feel daunted and guilty about not spending as much time as possible with everyone.
Solution - Plan the time you have available and don’t forget to add in time for just you and your immediate family as this is important as well. Work out what you can do, and accept that you may have to say no to people – just to keep your sanity!
Issue - When you have received presents and opened them, you need a place to put them. This is where a lot of people come unstuck as there simply isn’t room to put new items away.
Solution - Before the holidays start why not declutter kids toys, and other places where you may be lucky and get new things. Take things to charity that you simply don’t use or want anymore. This is a lovely tradition to do with children, who can give away some of their older toys to the less fortunate and understand what Christmas is all about.
Issue - It is all too easy to go overboard with decorations, and I for one am a sucker for anything sparkly around the house over Christmas – but it can get out of hand. The issue comes when decorations literally take over every surface – they have to be dusted, kept tidy, stored when not in use, electric bills can go sky high from extra lights etc… all of which can add to the stress of the holidays which really isn’t the point!
Solution - Less is most definitely more where decorations are concerned. A few key pieces can make much more impact than loads of decorations as you can see them more clearly and appreciate them more.
Issue - It can be a stressful time of year especially living with ADHD. It seldom happens like that, but it seems that in the build up to Christmas we all forget this fact and let ourselves get overwhelmed by trying to create the best Christmas ever seen.
Solution - Know your limits! – Of course we all want an amazing Christmas, but if you know that you hate cooking, then order food that’s pre-prepared, or get some help from the rest of the house and delegate.
I have been working in the world of ADHD since 2004. I am a passionate ADHD Coach who loves making a difference in the lives of all people with ADHD.
Blog Posts By Category Select Category accountability buddy accountable action steps ADHD ADHD and home ADHD and work ADHD children ADHD Friendly File ADHD teens adults after school afterschool routine Anger anxiety assess back to school balance bed time body language brainstorming Budget busy calendar calming techinque change perspective change scenery Chasing Kites checklist child children childs superhero christmas chunk it down cleaning college college students communicating communication connection date night deadline decision declutter discipline distractions dopamine eat mindfully energy engage exercising express emotions eye contact fear Fear of Failure finish what you start focus forgive getting unstuck habit hobby holiday holiday activities homework IEP important tasks Improve life impulsive impulsiveness inspired journal keep track kitchen calendar lack of energy laugh laundry laundry maker learning opportunity let it go limit distractions listening skills lost make a pan meal planning meals measurable medication Memior mindful mindfulness mindset mom with adhd mom’s money management morning routine Motivation negative thinking new hobbies new thoughts no assumptions notebook opinion organizing over thinking overwhelm own personal experiences paperwork perfectionist planner play time positive attitude positive thoughts practice saying no priority procrastination Productivity quiet time relationships relax respect reward routine ruminating rumination savings say no schedule self care self discipline self doubt self esteem set routine set timer shame sleep social media specific spend time with friends spending stand back and watch start with one thing sticking to it stregthns stresssed success summer support support group take care of you talk with a friend tasks teacher teen agers Thanksgiving think positive time management time to think to do list Tom Nardone twitter unplug visualize woman women worrying young adults
This entry was posted in Photography and tagged Angular, Brooklyn, New York City, Pioneer Works, Red Hook, The Hudson River, The Weekly Photo Challenge. Bookmark the permalink.
Photographer and photo editor Geoffrey Hiller has created Verve Photo to feature photographs and interviews by the finest contemporary image makers today.
This stunning creature came in to the Wildlife Rescue of Dade County on December 29, 2016. Since the Wildlife Center specializes in small mammals and raptors, they asked us at the MWBC if we would try to rehabilitate it. We gladly accepted, and adopted this feathered jewel on January 10, 2017.
This spoonbill was found in the Everglades about 5 months ago, with an old dislocated or broken elbow which will keep it from ever returning to the skies. Its gender is currently unknown. We are expecting DNA gender results within the next couple of days.
This adorable bird loves fish, but surprisingly is not fond of shrimp. As it’s health improved, so it got pinker, but will only get really pink if it learns to love shrimp. It is still a juvenile – only half-grown.
Mundo ao nosso modo é um blog que criamos para mostrar nossas viagens de carro pela América do Sul. Pretendemos relatar nossas experiências para que outros viajantes possam utilizar as informações aqui encontradas. A particularidade é que viajamos com a família completa, isso significa ter a bordo o casal e 4 crianças, e enfrentar um prazeroso desafio de encontrar estadia, montar roteiros que agrade as diferentes idades, encaixar passeios que levem todos ao mesmo tempo, e por aí vai. Cansamos de nos oferecerem somente os roteiros tradicionais para casal com duas crianças e decidimos fazer ao nosso modo…
Description: First Fossil Nigeria Limited (FFL) is a wholly indigenous company established to provide professional Training and Consulting services to the Oil & Gas, Power, Manufacturing… Read more...
1254 Heliskoski, Joni. Mixed Agreements as a Technique for Organizing the International Relations of the European Community and Its Member States. The Hague: Kluwer Law International, 2001. 321 p.
1262 American Bar Association. Commission on Public Financing of Judicial Campaigns. Report of the Commission on Public Financing of Judicial Campaigns. Chicago, IL: American Bar Association, Standing Committee on Judicial Independence, 2002. 68 p.
1278 U.S. Congress. House. Education and the Workforce Committee. Workforce Investment and Rehabilitation Acts: Improving Service and Empowering Individuals, hearing before the Subcommittee on 21st Century Competitiveness, 108th Congress, 1st session, March 11, 2003. 181 p.
1279 101+ Practical Solutions for the Family Lawyer. Edited by Gregg Herman. 2nd ed. Chicago, IL: Section of Family Law, American Bar Association, 2003. 562 p.
1280 American Bar Association. Commission on Multijurisdictional Practice. Client Representation in the 21st Century: Report. Chicago, IL: Center for Professional Responsibility, American Bar Association, 2002. 91 p.
1281 Burke, Thomas Frederick. Lawyers, Lawsuits, and Legal Rights: The Battle over Litigation in American Society. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2002. 267 p.
Ref International Lawyer's Deskbook. Edited by Lucinda A. Low, Daniel M. Drory, and Patrick Norton. 2nd ed. Chicago, IL: Section of International Law and Practice, American Bar Association, 2003. 487 p.
1301 U.S. Congress. House. Government Reform Committee. Combatting Terrorism: Axis of Evil, Multilateral Containment or Unilateral Confrontation? Hearing before the Subcommittee on National Security, Veterans Affairs and International Relations, 107th Congress, 2nd session, April 16, 2002. 114 p.
1302 U.S. Congress. House. Government Reform Committee. How Effectively are Federal, State and Local Governments Working Together to Prepare for a Biological, Chemical or Nuclear Attack? Hearing before the Subcommittee on Government Efficiency, Financial Management and Intergovernmental Relations, 107th Congress, 2nd session, April 2, 2002. 151 p.
1314 Mostert, Hanri. The Constitutional Protection and Regulation of Property and Its Influence on the Reform of Private Law and Landownership in South Africa and Germany: A Comparative Analysis. Berlin: Springer, 2002. 643 p.
1329 U.S. Congress. House. Ways and Means Committee. Written Comments on Taxpayer Rights Proposals. Subcommittee on Oversight of the Committee on Ways and Means, U.S. House of Representatives, March 25, 2003. 31 p. (Committee print, 108th Congress, 1st session)
1336 Celebrated Trials and Remarkable Cases of Criminal Jurisprudence from the Earliest Records to the Year 1825. First compiled and edited by George Borrow and now newly revised and edited by Edward Hale Bierstadt. Holmes Beach, FL: Gaunt, 2003. 2 v. (Originally published: New York : Payson & Clarke, 1928)
1339 Klonoff, Robert H. and Colby, Paul L. Winning Jury Trials: Trial Tactics and Sponsorship Strategy. Newark, NJ: LexisNexis, 2002. 243 p.
Keyword searching is usually less precise than subject searching and often returns irrelevant results.
A subject search only searches the subject field of the record. Subject terms, also called subject headings, are chosen from a list of set terms called thesaurus or subject index.
A person called an indexer or cataloguer reviews the content of an item and assigns relevant subject terms to the record for that item.
EnsurePass Practice Exams for 1z0-869 are written to the highest standards of technical accuracy, provided by our certified subject matter experts and published authors for development. We guarantee the best quality and accuracy of our products. We hope you pass the exams successfully with our practice exams. With our Oracle 1z0-869 materials, you will pass your exam easily at the first attempt. You can also enjoy 180 days free update for your product.
EnsurePass offers free demo for 1z0-869 exam. You can check out the interface, question quality and usability of our practice exams before you decide to buy it.
2. We offer a standard exam material of Oracle 1z0-869 practice tests. The standard exams are important if you have never taken a parametric or VUE exam before. The accuracy of the Q&As are fully guaranteed and the number is enough for it to impact you passing the exam.
CHOOSE INDUSTRY DISCOUNTS --- NO DISCOUNT APPLIED --- State and Local Government (10% off) Federal Government (GSA) (25% off) Non Profit (10% off) University and Graduate School (20% off) K-12 (20% off) Consultants (10% off)
Cancer Survivor. Champion. Hero. Team Leader. Lance Armstrong is perhaps the most inspirational sports figure on the planet today.
In the DVD based training program Who Says We Can’t Do It, Lance tells his story of overcoming cancer and winning the Tour de France for seven consecutive years.
Lance Armstrong has inspired millions of people who have watched him on television or read his best-selling book, It’s Not About the Bike. Who Says We Can’t Do It?is a story of teamwork, leadership, and accomplishment.
Who Says We Can’t Do It, Lance Armstrong’s Journey is available to you in a truly unique video-based training/learning program. This is it! A poignant, human, and compelling presentation that will get people thinking positively about virtually any goal.
This motivational training DVD will work at any level of the organization and for any topic. Whatever your objective, after people watch this film, the response will be “Who says we can’t do it!”
This is the most inspirational training film ever made. The award-winning program outlines the importance of goals, tactics, teamwork and leadership as critical elements of any successful undertaking. The underlying message is that people have to work together and give their all to achieve goals - greatness cannot be achieved with half measures.
Who Says We Can’t Do It has won several awards including a Silver Telly Award and Bronze Cindy Award!
Exciting News! This program can now be streamed over the web! Would you like to see how easy it is? Check out the Streamed Learning Demo and see for yourself. Simply fill out the registration and take the tour, but don’t forget to read the yellow notes!
Brand: Earth Friendly Products See All Description: 26 loads. Phosphate and Petrochemical free; safe in all temperatures; non-polluting, plant based ingredients; low sudsing, excellent HE performance; septic safe - gray water safe; 100% biodegradable. Not tested on animals. No animal ingredients. Ingredients: Plant-based surfactants, soap bark, chamomile, horsetail plant, lavender, rosemary, cellulose optical brightener (sugar-based), soy based softener, essential oil of lavender, purified water, no SLS. Directions: Fill to Line 2 for large loads. Fill to Line 1 for medium loads. For tough spots and stains, pour some ECOS directly onto stained areas; rub lightly and wash as usual. Note: for HE front loader, use half the above amount. Effective in high heat to 185 degrees. Due to the fact that natural ingredients are used, color and body may vary. Size: 50 fl. oz. Introduction Date: 2006-01-01 Bar Code: 7-49174-09755-2 Manufacturer Website: www.ecos.com Manufacturer Phone: 1-800-335-eCOS
Elin. i'm always up for going out, drinking, eating anything fun, plus i look good on a guys arm (show me off)
Ivanna. i'm a very tall (6'01 !)mature lady for you,delicate and attractive with great experience and with activity from time to time in pornographic films where i excel in video movies with topics with group sex.i want to be contacted by men regardless of age including teenagers who want to start their sexual life.i provide devastating pleasure moments only in the hotel room.
Ariah. if you are traveling to any other country and need the right woman to be with then i will be at your side.
can someone please upload romi rain true anal scene from last year. would be willing to swap for it. i have a lot of goood hd rare scenes from bangbros evilangel brazzers etc. message me if your keen
Clementine. love to share fantasies and pleasures with smart, intelligent guys who are not afraid to enjoy the best in life.
Sabrina. outgoing, upbeat with a bubbly personality, well educated and always naughty yet professional and discreet. a rare combination of caribbean and indian spice! a voluptuous size 10 figure, flawlessly smooth skin and an exceptionally pretty face (from my exotic backgroud combination) eager to please and give the most delicious intimate time.
Eleanor. whatever your specific needs are, you’ll find that i’m very attentive, and an excellent companion to compliment your entire social and intimate needs. i am very discreet and private with my intimate interludes and expect the same from you. zealous and fiery or mild and tender, we’ll set the rhythm together.exotica,dulce si atractiva...pentru satisfactia ta masculina...
On April 23, 2015, a Thuja was planted as the twin tree for the Ecumenical congregations in Moosach Olympia Village in Munich. The tree can be found on the ground of the old cemetery of the Martin´s Church in Munich, Moosach. The ecumenical blessing was issued by Rev. Sabine Nagel and Monsignore Martin Cambensy.
It is the corresponding tree for the Ecumenical congregations in Moosach Olympia Village in Munich, Germany, related to the tree number 340 in the Luthergarten in Wittenberg.
On the day of Pentecost, June 4 2017, a festive service took place in our church. The sermon was given by Rev. Joachim Zirkler, who worked as tutor of studies at the center of the Lutheran World Federation in Wittenberg. He had also accompanied us in the Lutherstadt on Sunday, April 9, 2017, when the Ambertree was handed over to us, together with our partner congregations from England and Poland, in the Luthergarden there.
After the service, the congregation was invited to the garden behind the parsonage. Pastor Zirkler once again explained the ecumenical and international project of the Luthergarden. Then a cherry tree was planted in the prepared hole, and all children helped with filling the soil.
With prayer and blessing as well as the canon "From the rise of the sun“, the cherry tree in the Hosterwitz parish garden was welcomed. May it grow intensely and thrive splendidly!
After a particularly messy playtime, I made the clean-up a game by letting the girls choose "jobs". "Caroline, what can be your job?" I asked. "I'll clean up the Barbie stuff," my eager daughter announced. "Great!" I then asked my second daughter, "Rachel Rose, what is your job?" Without budging from her seat on the couch she announced, "I'm the coach!"
I had my one month follow-up appointment with my oncologist on Monday. And things are still looking good. No cysts or lumps felt during the exam, my CA125 was low (but it's never been high, even when I had the cancer, so it's not a reliable test for me), and I lost SEVEN pounds! This dieting thing is actually working . . . who'da thunk!! I won't see him again for two months now - June, then I'll wait 3 months, then 4, then 5. Once I'm up to 6 months that will remain my routine forever, I assume. Once a cancer patient, always a cancer patient is the way it goes. I'm fine with that, better to be monitored than be left guessing.
Better news, though, is mom had some scans done to mark one year since her diagnosis. And even though her lesions/tumors aren't gone, they haven't grown. She can call herself 'stable' which is excellent!!! When you get news that your original cancer has come back and spread, the fear is that it wil continue spreading out of control and take over your body. The fact that her "spread" has been halted is FANTASTIC! Of course we would love to hear that the cancer spots are gone completely, but stable is a huge achievement for metastasized cancer. God is GOOD!
And she and I will be attending a conference in May for "Women Living with Advanced Cancer". It's in Philadelphia and I heard about it from a breast cancer website. Normally, it would be a very expensive trip and completely out of our budgets, but we were both granted scholarships through LLBC (Living Beyond Breast Cancer). Our airfare and hotel are covered in full - WooHoo!!!! We are very excited to meet other women in my mom's situation (and mine and Jan's as caregivers), and learn as much as we can. You can visit the website http://www.lbbc.org and see all the speakers and presentations they will be having. If Mom is feeling up to it, we might be able to do some sightseeing around Philly. Neither of us have ever been before and it would be a great chance to have a "mini-vacay"!!! We deserve it!!!
Meantime, my hair is starting to come back, thank goodness. I had my doubts for a while there! It's my regular color, dark brown, and very, very fine. Like down from a duckling. I can't tell yet if it's going to be "chemo curly" or not, it's still too short. But I'm hoping by my next dr visit in June I'll be able to go without a scarf . . . gosh, that's hard for me to imagine!
What great news for both of you!!! Long ago, I attended an ACTFL conference in Philly, and it's a great city. If nothing else, plan on taking a trolley tour- sit, ride, look, and listen.
I've been thinking about you and wondering how things were going so I thought I'd pop in to check on you. I'm SO happy to hear your good news!!! AND your mom too! That's just awesome! I hope you guys have a great trip! I know you'll enjoy it with your mom:)
Melinda was diagnosed in 2007 with ovarian cancer. Recurred in June, 2010. Fought an inspiring battle until being called to heaven, February of 2012. As for the rest of us, we(John, Caroline, & Rachel Rose) simply are living our lives with continued faith and in her memory. Melinda's original posts of her cancer journey will remain for all to view and be inspired.
Express yourself with poems, publish them on one of the best poetry sites, share with your friends and make friends through poetry.
It just depicts the power of words. They’re to express feelings but they can be more than them when they become art with rhymes. Isn’t it true?
When you read a novel or watch a film, you can only take the theme seriously, but you should not take the plot seriously.
I think words really have the power, everybody could say electricity or sex turn the world but words instigate life…
Dingle Skellig Hotel Kerry Hotel for romantic breaks with a swimming pool in Dingle, County Kerry, Ireland
Dingle Skellig Hotel Kerry. Hotel Accommodation in Dingle, County Kerry. Hotel Accommodation with a swimming pool. 4 star Hotel Accommodation in Kerry, Ireland.
Welcome to the Dingle Skellig Hotel Kerry. Just 200 metres from Dingle Bay, the Dingle Skellig Hotel and Peninsula Spa is a country hotel with 3 pools, a restaurant and gym. The en suite rooms have sumptous decor and satellite TV. For more information or to check the availability of this Hotel in County Kerry please click on the availability link above and below.
happy new year everyone :D i miss all of you! especially you guys in LA. ;) a big fat ass barbecue will be in session when i get back!
i took my 17 year old cousin out last night. together with his cousin jerome, we saw, but we didn’t conquer! all of these girls floating around, but none that you can actually have. i wish i were 6’2″.
can you believe i was carded at temple!? at first i thought the guy was just going to frisk me, but then he actually asked for my age. i told him i was bente dos, but the shit gave me this blank stare like ‘yeah right.’ so i whipped out three drivers licenses and told the bastard to check each one of ’em. then realized that once he saw i was legit, he wouldn’t bother checking the ID of my cousin who is a big big man. lucky. but what am i supposed to feel? do i really look that young? i should’ve shoved my IDs up his hairy ass. but anyway i just pushed it aside and drank some more. i really wish i were taller. its not my fault i’m cute. hahah! yeah right.
some new pictures are up. the filipino baho word list has been revived after years of stagnation. well children, here comes another year of random shenanigans. cheers!
my sister, brother in law, and niece are flying back to the states today. my other sister already left a few days ago. on the 30th, my parents will go to the states as well, leaving me and my brother behind to frolick freely into the new year… although its honestly more fun when we’re all together. we’re one big happy family!
last night i went out with the comrades. fun times with those kids. stayed out till 5am after a long bout with gin pomelo at makati, and keema at mr. kebab. we were actually at a loss of words that jem, who hasn’t showed up to any of our gigs for the past 5 years, made a cameo appearance.. the ‘mirage’ that he is. well, the boys will be off to tagaytay next week. woohoo!
after browsing around national bookstore last tuesday, i trailed behind gladys on the way out of the store. she started looking for me cos we were about to leave. i don’t know if she’s just really tall or i’m really short or a combination of both, but she turned around facing right in my direction where i was less than 5 feet away and gave this faraway stare.. “where’s lovine?”. uhhh.. gladys i’m right here. look down please. hahaha, classic!
i’m off to tagaytay. this is the first christmas that i haven’t given anything to anyone. but for some reason i they make it sound like i can get away with it – how can i complain? i don’t really mind the gifts, its just nice being around my fam and people who really matter.
the christmas time bomb is ticking.. i’ve bought nothing for anyone, because i’m a selfish brat. well, not really (yeah shutup). i’d rather use my resources to find something that people would actually find amusing instead of buying something just for the sake of giving it. is it the thought that counts? well it counts when you actually think about it first. hehe.
last friday before lunch with gladys, eggy, and cecile, i found out that people are people opened shop near my building. holy shit. you should’ve seen me, i went straight after work at exactly 5:30, spent an hour trying everything, and blew half of my salary by the time i was done. deadly. i don’t spend much on stuff, but when i do, i go all out and its all over.
last night i went out with gatch, egg, and cecile. be proud, i opted out of BC’s last gig of the year at makati (also due to the fact that there was a 400 peso minimum consumable charge. boloks. i’ve spent enough as it is). we went to this place called olive bar, and it was sick. the girls were hot, the music was good, and the drinks were free from 10-12. how could you go wrong? – only when you text an underage balikbayan cousin to invite him to go out drinking, when its my aunt who has the phone. oops. dear family, i am not a bad influence nor an alcoholic. amen!
i’ll be gone until wednesday. i’ll be posting pictures for sure when i get back. in a few hours, the sand will get in between my toes, the waves will lap up my feet, and the sun will bathe me in its glory. i can’t wait!!
i have the biggest hangover headache from the company christmas party held at alabang. i didn’t even notice, but i was the last one who left! i won an industrial fan in the raffle, and i’m baffled why i chose the fan over a bottle of johnny walker blue label. oops. oh well.
this has got to be one of the best low profile fridays i’ve ever had. as soon as i stepped out of the office, everything was marvy because i wasn’t expecting too much from my friday. i had lunch with joy- i felt special cos she came by to pick me up even though she still hasn’t showered. gross no? my friends love me. anyway later on that night, i passed by ateneo alone to catch the start of this free concert and ended up watching spongecola and cambio. not bad. i wanted to ask diego mapa if monsterbot still plays, but he packed up and left. kate came to watch also, but i didn’t see her cos i left for a get together at pattie’s house in valle 4.
at first i was thinking twice about going to the dinner, cos apparently all the people going were citibank lunch buddies before i joined citi, and a good number of them had left already. anyway, i had a great time just hanging out at pattie’s amazing house. you know its serious when you have morrocan lamps hanging from a fresco painted ceiling. kathlyn’s used to be my favorite for the longest time, but now this one is a serious contender. the first classy house i’ve been to that’s not just show, but genuinely homey in its entirety. now that’s a combination. its not just about the place though, tonight i really enjoyed the company! now i really wish i worked with them before the shitheads left. damn you.
afterwards i caught up with old friends at eastwood. fun times! i really think jaymee duenas and joey castillo should make a love-team comeback. hear hear.
good morning! denise is visiting from the states. if you want to see the cutest child on earth, visit us! only until christmas, manila friends!
back to normal programming. i try to write these days, but everything just comes out as gibberish. i feel like i’m just dictating random tidbits of trivial day to day nonsense. not that i haven’t been doing that ever since, but i just feel so held back in a way. almost as if my posts are mr. donuts instead of krispy kreme. i read over my entries from loyola, and it was fun reading them, albeit even more fun writing. i guess these are the caveats of being trapped in the citibank building. college had its crazy moments from time to time.. i guess its time to shake things up in the office, hehe.
had lunch with joy and pattie today. funny when they mentioned that their (ex for pat) boyfriends couldn’t study when they fought them. and not like they were in normal school – the poor schmucks are in law. povedans? ohh, trouble. haha ;) kidding. sort of.
i spent the weekend hanging out with old friends and new ones. i went with my bestfriend cyrus to look for pants that would actually fit. we both got girl jeans cos they fit so damn well.. i guess that makes me metrosexual. later on, alexis showed me the ropes of how to get girls to sit on your lap. oh the things you learn from your friends!
i just came back from the usual tapika tuesday. its late, i’m tired, and i have work tomorrow. is this what life is about?
BOSTON -- The House rejected Gov. Charlie Baker's proposal to tag additional welfare reforms onto a repeal of the state's cap on welfare benefits for children born to families already receiving public assistance, challenging the Republican in an election year to veto welfare for families with children.
The House and Senate, as part of this year's state budget, sent Baker a proposal to lift the so-called "cap on kids." While Baker said he does not oppose lifting the cap, he returned that section to the Legislature asking them to also approve changes to the way transitional aid to families with dependent children (TAFDC) is calculated.
"Eliminating the 'family cap' without other accompanying changes could have the perverse effect of reducing incentives for TAFDC recipients to get back to work, and cause existing inequities in the TAFDC program to persist and expand," Baker wrote in his amendment filing.
The House voted Monday afternoon, 36-113, to reject Baker's amendment, with just two Democrats -- Rep. Jim Dwyer of Woburn and Rep. Colleen Garry of Dracut -- joining all 34 Republicans in supporting the governor.
Specifically, Baker proposed that adult Supplemental Security Income be counted toward eligibility for TADFC the same way veterans' or disability insurance benefits are counted as income in the calculation of benefits.
Jeffrey Sanchez, the chairman of House Ways and Means, said the governor's amendment would cause 5,200 children to lose all TAFDC benefits and 2,100 more would see their benefits substantially reduced.
"The inclusion of this new language is counterproductive...," Sanchez said. "As a commonwealth we are compelled to help our most vulnerable families provide basic necessities for their children."
Sanchez said 9,000 children fall under the cap, limiting benefits to those families or single parents.
Cambridge Democrat Rep. Marjorie Decker, referencing Sanchez who is from Jamaica Plain, said the roughly 20-year-old policy of capping benefits for children born to families receiving welfare was targeted at "mothers like ours."
"This was never about saving money. This was always about punishing women of limited means," she said.
Though Baker could veto the proposal if the Senate votes like the House to send it back to him, Decker said the Legislature will try again in January at the start of the next session when they will have the power to override any veto.
"The only choice the governor has to make moving forward is will he delay the benefits that this Legislature has overwhelmingly said that poor children and their families deserve or will he begin those benefits Jan. 1," Decker said. "Pitting poor children with a disabled parent against poor children and finding ways to reduce the benefits of those who have the least among us is baffling at best and cruel at its worst."
The House also rejected the governor's amendment to a budget proposal that would increase the number of hours a retiree receiving a state pension can work for a government agency. The Legislature proposed increasing the threshold from 960 hours to 1,200 hours.
"I support providing municipalities with increased flexibility to make appropriate staffing decisions," Baker wrote in a letter returning the section with an amendment. "However, an increase of 240 more hours per year is a significant policy change and moves the Commonwealth and its municipalities closer to a place where employees continue to work near full-time while collecting a pension, without any corresponding changes to improve the current practice."
Baker proposed a more modest increase to 975 hours and a waiver for public safety personnel when a "critical shortage" exists.
Two other Baker budget amendments, including one dealing with the Cambridge district court and another related to grants from the Massachusetts Tourism Trust Fund, were accepted by the House.
Welcome to your discussion forum: Sign in with a Disqus account or your social networking account for your comment to be posted immediately, provided it meets the guidelines. (READ HOW.) Comments made here are the sole responsibility of the person posting them; these comments do not reflect the opinion of The Sun. So keep it civil.
Loxon delegates and executives are attending Operational Excellence conference in Dubai organised by Fleming Gulf event producer. Tamás Erni, managing partner of Loxon will have a speaking slot on the first day of the conference where he is going to talk about the recent trends in supporting centralised / decentralised approval processes and many useful tips to keep the operational excellence of your bank. If you want to have more information regarding Loxon and their solutions please come and visit our stand in the conference.;
Like most websites Loxon Solutions uses cookies. In order to deliver a personalised, responsive service and to improve the site, we remember and store information about how you use it. This is done using simple text files called cookies which sit on your computer. These cookies are completely safe and secure and will never contain any sensitive information. They are used only by Loxon Solutions or the trusted partners we work with.
LS3P was charged with the task to provide a design solution for an interim replacement hospital after the 2011 catastrophic EF5 tornado that devastated portions of Jasper and Newton Counties in Joplin, Missouri. The design for a 146,000-squarefoot, 120-patient bed (expandable to 180-beds) fully contiguous building complex of factory fabricated modular units constructed and finished to permanent construction standards to be design-build in 90 days for Phase I and 70 days later for final completion. The design team was able to submit full design and price proposal schedule to the Corps of Engineers and the Sisters of Mercy within only 17 days.
Thank you for taking the time to visit my page! If you don’t know who I am, my name is Sterling Cleveland and I’m a 32-year old concierge from New York who lost his grandmother and other family members to the horrible disease of diabetes.
I am walking across America (New York City to Los Angeles) to raise contributions for the American Diabetes Association (ADA) so they may continue finding a cure and offering services to those Americans with diabetes. This awful disease affects the lives of over 8% of Americans, leads to death of a quarter million Americans each year, and impacts the lives of 300,000,000 people worldwide. We need your to help put an end to this chronic disorder.
I’m looking to raise $10,000 over the span of my walk, which will end this Summer, this is a solid and reachable goal. Once that goal is reached, the focus will be to raise another $10,000 which I truly believe can be done with your help by donating and spreading the word. 100% of the money raised goes to the ADA, I make nothing from this endeavor however I gain knowing that I help a great cause and that my grandmother would be proud.
For those who honestly can’t contribute let others know about this cause and what I’m doing by using the “share tools” on this page and also tell three (3) others who you believe can and will contribute.
Whether I have known you life long, we’ve just met along my journey, or if we’ve never met and you have read this far please contribute to this worthy cause, I thank you.
What Equipment is Needed for Sling TV ( %url )'s happening, nice site you've gotten at this time there.
Naturopathic primary care encompasses health maintenance, acute illness and chronic disease. Rather than focusing on medications and surgery as treatment, naturopathic primary care emphasizes natural therapeutics. Modalities include life style counseling, therapeutic nutrition, homeopathy, hydrotherapy (water therapy) and botanical (or herbal) medicine. Diagnostic techniques include physical exam, medical history and conventional lab tests. The whole person is always treated in naturopathic primary care, rather than a diagnosis, symptom or disease. When, in rare, instances, natural therapies are not effective, the naturopathic doctor will order prescription medications within her scope of practice. If a medication or service is required that is outside of her scope of practice, an appropriate referral will be made.
The naturopathic doctor uses the healing powers of nature to stimulate the body�s innate ability to heal itself. She employs a variety of therapies which boost the immune system, thereby lowering the susceptibility to disease and effectively harnessing the body�s natural healing abilities.
This innate healing ability is one of the cornerstones of the philosophy of naturopathic medicine. Equally important, the physician is seen as a teacher, which is the original meaning of the word, �doctor�. Naturopaths strive to share information with their patients so that they can make informed decisions about their own health care. A preventive approach is also fundamental to naturopathic medicine, as is the concept that each person is a unique, whole individual. Mental, emotional and spiritual factors are considered as well as physical ones. Our over-riding guideline is �Primum non nocere�. This means, �Above all, do no harm�, and all of our therapies are selected with this thought in mind.
Naturopathic doctors are graduates of a comprehensive, postgraduate four year program, and are trained as family practitioners. Training includes a firm foundation in basic sciences and Western diagnosis (as well as other approaches to diagnosis). In addition, naturopathic students see patients under supervision of licensed doctors in the school clinic as well as a variety of other in-patient and out-patient settings. National board exams must be taken in both basic and clinical sciences to qualify for licensure.
31 two way radio and broadcast equipment troubleshooting and repair by carr joseph j 1989 hardcover DOC
51 mining complex text grades 2 5 using and creating graphic organizers to grasp content and share new understandings corwin literacy DOC
69 neuroanatomy and pathology of sporadic alzheimers disease advances in anatomy embryology and cell biology DOC
82 pocket project management primer everything you need to know to get you started in project management DOC
113 international trends in university governance autonomy self government and the distribution of authority international studies in higher education DOC
131 elvis films faq all thats left to know about the king of rock n roll in hollywood faq series DOC
Our interdisciplinary approaches take advantage of cytoplasmic extracts prepared from eggs of the frog Xenopus laevis that reconstitute mitotic chromosome condensation and spindle assembly and function in vitro. To study mechanisms of spindle and organelle size control, we utilize a smaller, related frog, Xenopus tropicalis, to investigate interspecies scaling, and extracts prepared from fertilized eggs at different stages of embryogenesis to study developmental scaling. We seek to provide new insight into the underlying principles of spindle assembly and biological size control, as well as the molecular basis of variation that contributes to genomic instability and evolution.
Gladys married Robert Stephen Palmer on 1 Jul 1963 in Glenwood, Brandon, Manitoba, Canada. (Robert Stephen Palmer was born on 19 Apr 1939 322 and died on 22 Aug 1995 322.)
Marriage Counseling Center of NEPA specializes in providing professional and confidential counseling services for individuals, couples and families. Let us help you navigate the path of life to achieve your personal and relationship goals.
When coming into the office may be a challenge but you need to talk, we offer convenient Skype sessions by appointment. Simply sign in from a comfortable and quiet location to speak with a counselor.
We offer multiple counseling services to provide you with unique solutions for your specific situation. Our professional counselor will guide you in using the tools you need to build strong and successful relationships.
© 2015 Marriage Counseling Center of NEPA. All Rights Reserved. Website Designed by Market Share Development, Inc.
This website presents general information about McCormick Barstow LLP. It is not intended as legal advice, nor may it be used as such. If you wish to inquire about possible representation by our law firm, we would be pleased to communicate with you. The best way for you to inquire about possible representation is to contact one of our attorneys directly. Please visit the Attorneys section of this website for attorney contact information. We cannot represent you unless and until we have entered into a written agreement with you. Accordingly, do not send confidential or sensitive information and/or documents to us until you have our written agreement that a formal attorney-client relationship has been established.
Pacificare Life and Health Ins. Co. v. Dave Jones, as Insurance Commissioner (4th Dist. Ct. App. 2018) ___ Cal. App. 5th ___, 2018 DJDAR 9621, Case No. G053914
Policy's collapse coverage provisions were ambiguous and, interpreting the provisions in the insured's favor, did not require a complete collapse in order for coverage to be triggered.
Summary judgment in favor of insurer proper where neither the allegations in the underlying case nor extrinsic evidence showed a potential for covered liability.
Storage facility's agreement to indemnify customer was incidental to the principal object of the storage agreement, namely to store the customer's property, and therefore was outside the scope of the insurance regulations.
Doyle v. Fireman's Fund Ins. Co. (4th Dist. Ct. App. 2018) ___ Cal. App. 5th ___, 2018 DJDAR 2173, Case No. G54197
A loss based on diminution in value of rare, vintage wine due to the discovery that the insured was deceived into buying counterfeit wine does not constitute a loss to covered property under a Valuable Possessions property insurance policy.
Admiral Insurance Co. v. Superior Court (4th Dist. Ct. App. 2017) ___Cal. App. 5th___, 2017 DJDAR 11782, Case No. D072267
Prior notice provision in insurance policy applied to preclude coverage even where the application used by the insurer and submitted by the insured was designed for a different type of business than the one operated by the insured.
Even if additional insured endorsement could be read as only applying to ongoing operations, insurer had duty to defend where if failed to establish as a matter of law that all of the damages occurred after completion of work.
Work product exclusions did not apply where interiors of incomplete modular units were damaged by rainwater intrusion. Furthermore, trial court's offset of damage award against insurer of amounts paid in settlement of uninsured claims was improper.
For purposes of awarding prejudgment interest, damages are certain when the allocation of indemnity turns solely on legal issues.
Best Beaches In Sharm El Sheikh Egypt is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Best Beaches In Split Area is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Circa Hotel Collins Avenue Miami Beach Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Dance Lessons Virginia Beach Va is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://i0.wp.com/www.cutarug.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/AM_VB-LearnToDance_1940x6002129.jpg?resize=1940%2C600
Deauville Beach Club Santa Monica Ca is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Fedex Locations In Miami Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotels With Lazy Rivers West Palm Beach Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Maggiano S Virginia Beach Va is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Mcdonald S Jacksonville Beach Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Nails Tan Virginia Beach Va is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Nathan Dating Miramar Beach Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
File History Feature – Improvements to Cloud Storage Models such as OneDrive and Google Drive - MCE123
You are here: Home Technology Development Projects Information Technology (IT) Microsoft Software Improvements (MSI) File History Feature – Improvements to Cloud Storage Models such as OneDrive and Google Drive
This improvement concept pertains to adding a file history feature, that would save copies of all files that have been modified, including meta data relating to what was modified in the file(s) and when. The reason why we came up with this idea, is that cloud storage is not perfectly protected from accidental file deletion, or malware / viruses that are designed to delete and/or encrypt all files, that would then be automatically uploaded to OneDrive or Google Drive if the encrypted or modified files are stored in the applications’ folders, i.e. /User/OneDrive/
This feature would also help to allow version control on backups, as such that OneDrive or Google Drive could be used for repositories that keep version data. The amount of storage that would be required for such a system would be astronomical when compared to the standard usage patterns that are now being used. It could require several more terabytes per terabyte of data stored, to store the changes and file histories.
There could be the exclude function, which would allow individual files and folders to be selectively backed up without having their versions saved, such as for saving space on the remote servers.
There could also be incorporation of virus protection with OneDrive, so that infected files are not allowed to over-write good files, and protection from operations that attempt to purge files all at once, or even sequentially over a longer period.
He is retiring his 143 for this superb truck and he chose the manual gearbox in keeping with the old school! As you can see it is fully loaded with every extra and Cormac picked the bars and livery! Class reg – 16 ltr 650HP! Wishing you continued success and thank you for your business! Health to drive. #McElvaneyMotors#ScaniaR650#Scania#NewGenerationScania#Stunner
The New Americana Songwriter Revival - Nov 16, 2018 to Nov 17, 2018 - Geneva, IL Festival and Events | A picture postcard™
We invite you to join us for The New Americana Songwriter Revival - the first revival of its kind - a night celebrating the new wave of Americana music sweeping across the open plains of the Midwest. It's an evening where three great Americana bands have joined forces to bring their most memorable original tunes to you in a beautiful setting. Great sound, great friends and great original Americana music will fill the Pheasant Run Mainstage Theater. Featuring Shadowfields, The Diving Bell & Noah Gabriel. This is your chance to catch these acts on their climb to the top. We know that someday you'll say "I saw them when…". This is that night.
The jet helicopter offers a scenic and majestic flight the likes of which you may never have experienced before. Our linked websight explains most of the tours in detail. We often spot elk and… read more
The jet helicopter offers a scenic and majestic flight the likes of which you may never have experienced before. Our linked websight explains most of the tours in detail. We often spot elk and sometimes whales. The stark color contrasts along the Oregon coast combine to make the scenery even more breathtaking.
South end of town. Hwy 26 to coast: a few hundred yards past ''Entering Seaside'' sign. If coming from Seaside or Hwy 30: go South on Hwy. 101 until barely out of of town. On E side of Hwy 101
Synopsis: Fathom Events, Turner Classic Movies and Twentieth Century Fox are celebrating the 60th anniversary of Roger and Hammerstein's South Pacific and bringing the iconic movie to select cinemas nationwide for a special two-day event, which also includes specially produced commentary from Turner Classic Movies. An American woman falls in love with a Frenchman while stationed as a navy nurse in the South Pacific during World War II.
BRAINERD -- You should expect to see heavy traffic if you're heading up to the Brainerd Lakes Area starting Thursday.
MnDot officials say more than 100,000 visitors are expected to attend the 37th annual Lucas Oil National Hot Rod Association Nationals race at Brainerd International Raceway.
Motorist should expect delays and slow traffic on Highway 371, and other roadways in the Brainerd and Baxter areas, due to the races and other road construction projects.
RICHMOND -- Cold Spring and Richmond police are asking for your help in finding a man and a woman who stole a benefit jar from a Casey's convenience store.
Cold Spring Police Chief Jason Blum says according to security footage from the gas station, a man and a woman took the benefit jar from the counter.
The benefit jar was being used to collect funds for a local family after their son, Max O'Neil died in July of complications during a heart transplant surgery. Max was five-years-old.
The O'Neil family is having a benefit event Saturday from 12:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. at Roscoe Community Park. The event features a bean bag tournament, raffle drawing, silent auction and dinner.
If you have any information on the theft you're asked to call the Cold Spring Police Department, 320-685-8666.
Caregiver - 36 yr old female, with 14yrs experience. In 24hr home care services for the elderly. Is looking for extra work, willing to travel. Cooking, shopping, housekeeping, personal grooming care and more is included. Low rates provided. I have worked for agencies and they charge to use the workers, on top of weekly fees for the workers. Save now! [More]
140 how i changed my mind about women in leadership compelling stories from prominent evangelicals DOC
153 the good housekeeping test kitchen cookie lovers cookbook gooey chewy sweet and luscious treats good housekeeping DOC
LUCIDJOBS is a new age job portal dealing specifically with employment for bridging the gap between jobseekers and employers. Many employment websites are designed to allow employers to post job requirements for a position to be filled, however we differ from them by providing many unique tools such as:
A new report has assessed how arts and humanities research at Cambridge benefits society. RAND Europe, an independent research institute, carried out the study for the University of Cambridge and the Arts and Humanities Research Council (AHRC).
‘Accurate attribution of research impact is often difficult. Research impact is difficult to predict or assess in advance.’
‘Arts and humanities research impact tends to work cumulatively, through depth and/or breadth of research over many years; this means that the work of senior or longer-active researchers is more likely to achieve impact.’
‘Public knowledge creation is a key non-academic impact of arts and humanities research by University of Cambridge researchers.’
‘Research impacts are often unplanned; nevertheless more academics could use existing opportunities to ensure their research has greater impact.’
While many of these findings tell us what we already know, the report still makes for interesting reading.
In some of the most interesting interviews of the study, Cambridge researchers described the obstacles they faced when trying to achieve greater impact.
For example, institutional structures and methods of evaluation can work counter to reaching a broader audience:
You don’t get to be a fellow of the British Academy by writing popular books. So there are all sorts of flags of success which not only do not depend on impact in the way you mean it, but are actually antagonistic towards that idea, i.e. it would be “bad” to do it.1
If you really are going to focus on impact, then you’ve got to take away the other pressures [...] you must take away the pressure to produce blue skies research. You can’t do everything.2
Both the full report and the summary may be downloaded as PDFs from here: http://www.rand.org/pubs/technical_reports/TR816/
Kids can record their own travel adventures and make a treasured memory book for their trip to Crete, with this travel journal. A great diary and travel companion that will increase children’s excitement, this journal offers plenty of writing and drawing space. Helping children become involved in the early planning stages of their trip. This is a great gift for children and a great keepsake for parents.
Food just tastes better on the grill. When you mention grilling, most people think of hot dogs and hamburgers. But the grill is for more then that. You can create deliciuos and mouth-watering meals on your grill. From appetizers to desserts, 300 Recipes For The Grill is packed with recipes that will impess your friends and family. Just take a look at some of the recipes you will find inside:
From where am i able to obtain mp4 quality movies of English songs? 1,0sixty one,292questions on Wikianswers Add New page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zeroThis question is awaiting a solution...Please leave this area clean except you might be answering the question. do not ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a unattached-to-fruitfulness web site that makes cash from advertising. we have a custom-made experience for viewers using ad blockers Wikia will not be accessible if youve made further modifications. take away the customized ad blocker roll(s) and the page confer on wood as anticipated.categories : Un-answered questions web page titles not starting an interrogative wordAdd class CancelSave
How hoedown I replace mp3 tracks to mp4 tracks? 1,0sixty one,292questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zeroThis question is awaiting an answer...Please leave this area blank until you might be answering the question. don't ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! https://www.ffmpeg.org/ is a spinster-to-fruitfulness site that makes cash from promoting. we've a made to order expertise for viewers using ad blockers Wikia isn't available if youve made additional modifications. take away the customized ad blocker principle(s) and the web page will walk heavily as expected.categories : Un-answered questionsAdd category CancelSave
Sometimes I can look after a MP4 video and a short time i can not take care of once more. what's fallacious? evaluate
Play movies while you vocation contained by a restrained wsurrounded bydow from Menu additionally watch movies surrounded by fullscreen #VideoPlayer # mp4#films pic.chip.com/tjQDxibEcc
How audacity set an mp4 next to an ENV3? http://mp4gain.com ,293questiby the side ofs by the side of Wikianswers Add New page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk 0This questinext to is awaiting an answer...Please leave this field blank unless you are answering the questiby. don't ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a unattached-to-usefulness web site that makes money from promoting. we've a tailored experience for viewers using ad blockers Wikia is not available if youve made further modificatibys. remove the custom ad blocker (s) and the web page leave burden as expected.categories : Un-answered questinext tosAdd category CancelSave
…lol. Just kidding, that’s bullshit. Keep reading though, because I can seriously help you change your life if you take just 9 minutes to read this page.
Me freshman year in high school (with a sweet haircut) on the left - Me senior year in college (in the campus gym bathroom) on right
Instead, It's A Scientifically-Sound Fitness Program Designed For Normal People Looking For Extraordinary Results.
Physically and mentally happy with your body when you look in the mirror every morning is what I want for you.
Whether this means you want six pack abs and a jacked upper body when you take your shirt off at the pool, or you want sculpted legs and a butt that will give you major confidence when you hit the beach...
I'm Matt McLeod: fitness coach, soon-to-be Registered Dietitian, professional bodybuilder (drug-tested), and Joe Rogan podcast fanatic.
I've been doing this whole weight lifting nonsense for almost a decade now and I can't tell you how many fuckin' STUPID mistakes I've made along the way.
- Thinking I need to be *MR. SERIOUS LIFTER GUY* and eat out of Tupperware 6 times a day to gain muscle and lose fat (not necessary)